Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8863 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 2015 No. 174 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
December 2, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S TEVEN M. 
PALAZZO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
PERU AND ILLEGAL LOGGING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
have long championed the concept that trade done right requires strong envi-ronmental protections as well as en-forcement of those commitments. 
Many of our most serious environ-
mental challenges, from climate change to deforestation to protecting the oceans from being strip-mined with industrial fishing practices, can only succeed in the context of enforceable international agreements. Democrats reached an accord with 
the Bush administration through the May 10 Agreement, which is one tool. The 2008 Lacey Act amendments are another. There are now a host of trade- related tools to fight some of the most egregious environmental challenges. 
In the Peru Free Trade Agreement, 
we were able to include an entire For-est Annex that requires Peru to sustainably manage its forest resources and protect their forests, under penalty of law. The impact of those tools, how-ever, is dependent on our willingness to use things like the Peru Free Trade Agreement. 
Recent events present a chance to 
put those tools to work to fight against illegal logging in Peru, a country where 60 percent of its land is in the Amazon rainforest, and estimates on the rate of illegal logging in that area are as high as 80 percent. 
Last week, over 70 shipping con-
tainers of what is suspected to be ille-gally harvested timber from Peru was stopped at the Port of Houston. This action was taken after we received compelling information from OSINFOR, Peru’s independent body tasked with oversight of their forests and wildlife resources. 
Troublingly, this shipment is linked 
to a company whose logging practices are already suspect, having been one of 10 companies whose export documents were found fraudulent during Oper-ation Amazonas 2014, an operation car-ried out in coordination with INTERPOL to investigate illegal log-ging in Peru. 
While it appears as though the tim-
ber is under American control, the same bad actor is once again conveying illegally harvested timber out of Peru’s Amazon rainforest and to its borders for export. 
Thanks to the courageous action of a 
handful of individuals at OSINFOR— again, Peru’s independent agency tasked with overseeing that their tim-ber laws are followed—a shipment of 
timber likely of illegal origin has been stopped at the border in Peru. As a re-sult, unfortunately, these brave people are being threatened with bodily dam-age or death. 
Given the savage history of these 
criminals, no doubt lives are in jeop-ardy. One only has to look last fall at how serious these threats were when Edwin Chota, an environmental activ-ist trying to end the practice of illegal logging, was murdered by criminals that lead such illegal activity. Just 3 days ago, OSINFOR’s office was firebombed. Thugs are threatening to storm government offices if OSINFOR does not ease up and go quietly into the night. 
Mr. Speaker, this morning, I urge my 
colleagues to insist that the adminis-tration stand up to these criminals, these murderers, and that we will not turn our back on the courageous indi-viduals, but support them in their ef-forts. We have the tools to do exactly that, thanks to the Peru Free Trade Agreement, as well as the Lacey Act. 
The shipment held in Houston should 
be thoroughly investigated and, if evi-dence permits, we should bring to bear the full weight of the 2008 Lacey Act amendments by pursuing civil fines, forfeiture of timber and equipment, and criminal penalties, if supported by the evidence. And, frankly, also push-ing back on Peru. The shipment held in Peru must also be investigated and the bad actors brought to justice. The Pe-ruvian Government should imme-diately make clear they stand behind OSINFOR as an independent oversight agency. 
At a time when we will be consid-
ering the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which has promising protections, it is more important than ever that the ad-ministration make sure that they are not merely protections on paper, but protections backed by action. It is time to step up with robust enforcement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.000 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8864 December 2, 2015 
If we are serious about combating cli-
mate change, we must not only hold ourselves accountable for following our carbon-cutting commitments, but other countries as well. Peru, for exam-ple, has made protection of the Amazon rainforest the centerpiece of its pro-posed climate proposal. 
When unsustainable logging practices 
contribute to 17 percent of total global carbon emissions annually, it is clear that progress cannot be made on this front and many others if we do not stand up and empower people in Peru and elsewhere who want to do the right thing and fight the illegal trade in tim-ber. The administration has a perfect opportunity to show good faith by act-ing now. 
f 
HONORING CHEF TOM PRITCHARD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to remember a veteran, a legendary chef, and a man known as the god-father of the Tampa Bay hospitality in-dustry. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a 
dear friend to so many in the Pinellas County and Tampa Bay community, Mr. Tom Pritchard, executive chef of the Bay Star Restaurant Group. Tom passed away this past week following surgery to ease the effects of Parkin-son’s disease. He was 74 years old. 
Anyone who knew Tom will tell you 
that he was a storyteller who was larg-er than life. He had his own unique sense of style and had a way of making anyone he met feel like they had known each other for decades. 
Born in Rochester, New York, Tom’s 
first restaurant job came at the age of 14, when he started work shucking oys-ters for the legendary Guy Lombardo 
at his East Point House restaurant on Long Island. 
After high school, Tom left home for 
college in Iowa before being drafted by the U.S. Army in 1964. Tom was sta-tioned in Germany for several years be-fore being honorably discharged in 1967. 
After serving his country, Tom con-
tinued to spend time abroad, living in London, Mexico, Morocco, Scotland, and owning restaurants in France and Spain. Eventually, he moved to Flor-ida, and in the 1990s he partnered with Frank Chivas, a seafood broker who would become a dear and lasting friend of Tom’s. The two would open Salt Rock Grill in Indian Shores. Under Tom’s guidance and tutelage, Salt Rock’s kitchen became a training ground for up-and-coming chefs. 
Always quick to help others and 
share recipes, and with his inventive approach to cooking, Tom became a Florida food legend. One longtime food critic wrote of Tom’s generosity: ‘‘‘Mentor’ is too trite a word for what Tom Pritchard did for literally hun-dreds of people, young and old, in the kitchen.’’ 
Tom would go on to oversee the 
kitchens at Island Way Grill and Rumba Island Bar and Grill in Clear-
water and Marlin Darlin in Belleair Bluffs—along the way, always helping others. You see, it was Tom’s gen-erosity outside the kitchen that de-fined the man he was. 
As one director of a Florida charity 
wrote this week, Tom set the platinum standard for community support, un-derwriting substantial food and labor costs annually at benefits for numer-ous nonprofit organizations, like the Abilities Foundation, Clearwater for Youth, and the Ryan Wells Founda-tion. 
The Abilities Foundation alone 
raised $3.7 million from 25 years of wine and food tastings thanks to the help of Tom Pritchard and Frank Chivas. Tom and Frank’s mere pres-ence at a fundraiser influenced the par-ticipation of countless sponsors and attendees. 
Tom was always quick to lend his 
time and talents to benefit programs that helped disabled and other individ-uals find jobs and live independently. Mr. Speaker, let it be known to all that Tom Pritchard gave more than he took. 
Tom was preceded in death by his fa-
ther, Thomas Alden Pritchard, Sr.; mother, Ruth McCarthy Pritchard; brother, Jeffery Lloyd; and son, Adam D. Ostfeld, who also served his country in the Armed Forces. He is survived by his loving wife of 24 years, Jody D. Hale; her husband, Daniel Hale; sisters, Cynthia A. Tischer, Laurie N. Pritch-ard; and brother, John C. Pritchard. 
Mr. Speaker, the Pinellas County 
community, the Tampa Bay commu-nity, and our culinary and charitable communities throughout Florida lost a treasure with the passing of chef Tom Pritchard. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in re-
membering his contributions and his legacy of helping others and serving our Nation. 
f 
HONORING WENDELL PHILLIPS 
ACADEMY HIGH SCHOOL FOOT-BALL PROGRAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to salute the re-markable young men of Chicago’s Wen-dell Phillips Academy High School football program, their parents, admin-istrators, coaches, and teachers. 
Last Friday, in a stunning 51–7 win 
against Belleville’s Althoff High School, the Wildcats won the 4A title for Public League’s first football State crown since the playoffs began in 1974, completing an amazing 13–0 season. The 51 points scored by Phillips set a State title game record. 
The game featured record-shattering 
performances by a host of Wildcat players, including senior quarterback Quayvon Skanes, who rushed for 141 yards and four touchdowns on 13 car-ries, passed for an additional 44 yards 
and another touchdown—just to prove that he could throw the ball. Quayvon is headed to the University of Con-necticut next year. 
Other thrilling performances in-
cluded Kamari Mosby, who ran for 151 yards and a score; Qadeer Weatherly, who pulled in Quayvon’s pass for a 36- yard touchdown; Amir Watts, who re-turned an Althoff fumble for a 19-yard score; and a 21-yard field goal by Isaac Osei to demonstrate the Wildcats’ com-prehensive offense. 
The Phillips football program, the 
second largest in the Chicago Public Schools, is a study of the potential and the problems of urban education. With more than 90 student athletes, the var-sity team is led by 19 seniors, all of whom are on track to graduate. 
In an after-game interview with the 
Chicago Tribune, Phillips’ Coach Troy McAllister noted: ‘‘When we go to prac-tice, we go with footballs. There are no sleds, no chutes, no kicking nets, noth-ing like that. It goes to what our coaches have done and what these young men can do. 
‘‘We have five stipends for coaches. 
Everywhere else it is 10 to 14. That makes a huge difference, but these young men have bought into what we are trying to accomplish, and they have done something that nobody else has done.’’ 
These young men are not just ath-
letes. They are also proud scholars and are members of a school which last year saw 100 percent of its seniors ac-cepted to college, with more than $5 million in scholarships. 
In his after-game interview, Prin-
cipal Matt Sullivan summed it all up. He said: ‘‘It is fantastic. We want to be the beacon, the shining beacon in the Bronzeville community.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, all of Chicago is 
thrilled and delighted by the perform-ance of this team. I offer my congratu-lations to their parents, administra-tors, coaches, and teachers for going above and beyond the call of duty. I ex-tend my congratulations to each and every one of those young men and wish for them continued success in every-thing they set out to do in the years to come. 
f 
b1015 
REAFFIRMING STATES’ RIGHTS TO 
IMPOSE ECONOMIC SANCTIONS AGAINST IRAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, I introduced H. Con. Res. 100, a bi-partisan resolution that reaffirms the rights of the 50 States to maintain eco-nomic sanctions against Iran. 
The Iran Sanctions Act of 2010 en-
courages and authorizes States to maintain such sanctions, which play a powerful role in preventing U.S. dollars from funding Iran’s illicit activity, in-cluding its support for terrorism, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.003 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8865 December 2, 2015 
human rights violations, and imprison-
ment of innocent Americans. 
Thirty States, to date, Mr. Speaker, 
have imposed sanctions against Iran. Both Democrats and Republicans have worked at the State and local level to enact laws to ensure that State assets are not invested in and State contracts are not awarded to companies that do business with Iran. 
As long as Iran continues its out-
rageous activity abroad, it is our right and it is our duty to make sure that we are not complicit in funding its ter-rorism, its human rights abuses, and its other activity that is contrary to the U.S. national interests and global stability. 
Now, there is some ambiguity and 
some confusion about State sanctions that are authorized under the so-called Iran deal of this year. This legislation clarifies, it puts an exclamation point, and it reaffirms the legal right of States to maintain these sanctions as enacted into law under the 2010 statute until Iran ends its support of terrorism and reverses its abhorrent human rights violations. 
Please join my colleagues Represent-
ative T
EDDEUTCH of Florida, Rep-
resentative D ANLIPINSKI of Illinois, 
Representative M IKEPOMPEO of Kan-
sas, Representative B RAD SHERMAN of 
California, and Representative L EE 
ZELDIN of New York, along with me, in 
this effort to ensure that the right of States to maintain these important sanctions against Iran prevails. 
We can ensure that States have this 
right and this authority from pre-venting their resources from funding Iranian terrorism and human rights abuses. 
f 
END HUNGER NOW—MONTE’S 
MARCH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, I had the pleasure of taking part in Monte’s March, an annual hunger walk in western Massachusetts. The march started in 2010 and is named after its founder, Monte Belmonte, a local activist and WRSI The River radio host in Northampton. 
Over the course of 2 days, we walked 
43 miles across western Massachusetts, from Springfield to Northampton to Greenfield, to raise awareness about the very real problem of hunger in our communities and help families in need this holiday season. 
We had a great group walking with 
us this year, led by Monte, and includ-ing Andrew Morehouse, the executive director of the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, University of Massa-chusetts Amherst Chancellor Kumble Subbaswamy, Northwestern District Attorney David Sullivan, and a host of other local officials and community members. 
I want to say a special thanks to my 
colleagues Congressmen R
ICHIE NEAL and J OEKENNEDY for joining us along 
the way and helping to support those in need. 
Also joining us on that march were 
Sean Barry of Four Seasons Liquor in Hadley, Erika Cooper of Tea Guys in Whately, Ben Clark of Clarkdale Fruit Farm in Deerfield, Natalie Blais of UMass Amherst, Steve Fendel from Gill, Marty Dagoberto, Dan Finn from Pioneer Valley Local First, Chia Col-lins from Northampton, Kristen Elechko, Georgian and Rick Kristek, and many, many, many more. 
This year’s walk was extra special for 
me because my son, Patrick, walked the entire route with us both days. 
Mr. Speaker, every day, 48 million 
Americans struggle with hunger, in-cluding 15.3 million children. We live in the richest country on Earth and have greater access to food than any pre-vious generation, so the fact that hun-ger continues to be so widespread in America is absolutely stunning. 
Monte’s March was started in 2010 to 
do something about it. This year’s walk was the longest and biggest effort yet. 
Bright and early last Monday morn-
ing, our group of walkers began our march in the Mason Square neighbor-hood of Springfield. The Mason Square neighborhood is one of those commu-nities in western Massachusetts most in need, with so many families living in poverty and facing food hardship. In fact, childhood poverty rates have been as high as 59 percent in this area alone. 
For these families, overcoming hun-
ger is especially challenging because the neighborhood is a ‘‘food desert,’’ an area where affordable and healthy food, like fresh fruits and vegetables, are hard to come by. With no full-line su-permarket within walking distance for residents to purchase food at affordable prices, we wanted to make sure that the Mason Square neighborhood was front and center in this year’s march. 
It also gave us the opportunity to 
thank the Mason Square Health Task Force for their tireless efforts to ad-dress hunger and to show our deep ap-preciation to local feeding programs like St. John’s Congregation Church. 
We then marched through Spring-
field, Chicopee, and Holyoke before fin-ishing day one in Northampton. Seven-teen miles were behind us, with day two still to go. 
We started on Tuesday morning 
walking through Northampton, then Hadley, and then Amherst, where we stopped at the Amherst Survival Cen-ter. 
The Amherst Survival Center is an 
amazing place. Since 1976, they have welcomed everyone who has come through their doors with open arms and a kind word. They help those who are struggling to meet their basic needs. All of their services are free. They run a food pantry, community meal program, drop-in health clinic, job-readiness workshops and job fairs, and a host of other important pro-grams. After our brief visit, it was back to 
the pavement, through Sunderland and Deerfield, before finally ending in Greenfield. 
We walked a total of 26 miles on day 
two. Along the way, we felt the incred-ible support of the western Massachu-setts community. People stopped us along the way to add canned food and other donations to our shopping cart. They came out of their homes and their businesses and schools, or they stopped their cars along the side of the road to offer words of encouragement. 
Along the way, we helped raise more 
than $150,000 for The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, which distrib-utes hundreds of thousands of pounds of food throughout the emergency feed-ing network in the region. 
Mr. Speaker, by the end, we were 
sore and tired, but we were exhilarated by people’s generosity and support. When you add it all up, the outpouring of donations and support from our com-munity will help provide more than 450,000 meals to families in need. 
The good news is that hunger is a 
solvable problem. We just need to mus-ter the political will to help more com-munities like these in Massachusetts and across the country. 
There is not a single congressional 
district in the United States where hunger isn’t an issue affecting the daily lives of kids, families, seniors, or veterans. We all have a stake in this, and with strong grassroots support from communities in all 50 States, just like the ones we visited over 2 days, we have the power to make a real dif-ference and help the 48 million Ameri-cans struggling with hunger. 
Mr. Speaker, during this holiday sea-
son, I urge my colleagues and all Amer-icans to remember those who are strug-gling with hunger. They are our neigh-bors or colleagues and our friends. 
I want to thank everyone who sup-
ported this year’s Monte’s March and especially want to thank the incredible community partners on the ground for their tireless efforts day in and day out. You inspire us, and we thank you for your service. 
f 
FIXING AMERICA’S SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, or FAST Act. This critical legislation will provide 5 years of fully paid-for transportation projects across the Na-tion to repair our aging infrastructure. 
The FAST Act makes important re-
forms to highway and vehicle safety 
and expands public transportation to make Federal investment more cost-ef-fective. It also expands funding avail-able for bridges and roads. 
And, most importantly, Mr. Speaker, 
this bill was done through the regular order process, with transparent amend-ments considered and all Members hav-ing their say. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.005 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8866 December 2, 2015 
I would like to highlight several ini-
tiatives that are important to my south Florida congressional district in-cluded in the FAST Act. 
Language was included in this bill 
that I offered with Representative T
ITUS to protect our seniors and pedes-
trians in congested traffic areas. While total traffic crash fatalities are down nearly 25 percent in the last decade, pe-destrian deaths are up, hurting chil-dren and the elderly most. 
This language will encourage States 
to adopt safe and adequate accommo-dation standards for roadways and sidewalks when developing future Fed-eral projects. 
Also included in the FAST Act is ro-
bust funding levels for University Transportation Center programs, with much-welcomed increases over the next 5 years. 
One hundred twenty-five universities 
across the country participate in the UTC program, conducting critical re-search to develop future transportation technologies. Florida International University, in my district, is a world- recognized leader in accelerated bridge construction, and I am proud to advo-cate for them and all the UTCs here in Congress. 
I also introduced a bill earlier this 
month with Representative L
IPINSKI  
that was similar to this language and appreciate all the bipartisan support UTCs have received. 
Lastly, I would like to thank Chair-
man G
IBBS and Ranking Member 
NAPOLITANO for their work in the cre-
ation of the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act, or WIFIA, in last year’s WRRDA legislation. This is a perfect example of good govern-ment and will be truly revolutionary in addressing the dire water infrastruc-ture needs throughout the country. 
I represent Miami-Dade County, one 
of the 10 largest water and sewer de-partments in the Nation, that services 2.3 million people daily. The 14,000 miles of pipeline date back more than 40 years, and repairs are much-needed. 
Included in the FAST Act was a fix 
to the WIFIA program to allow for the use of tax-exempt municipal bonds in these infrastructure projects. Earlier in the year, I introduced a bill with bi-partisan support that proposed this fix, and I am grateful it was included in the FAST Act to allow local governments the tools necessary to repair our water systems. 
Lastly, I would like to thank Chair-
man S
HUSTER and Ranking Member 
DEFAZIO and their Senate counterparts 
for all of their hard work in crafting this important legislation. This final product embodies the essence of bipar-tisanship, and I am proud to serve on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
I urge the House and Senate to pass 
the FAST Act to strengthen our Na-tion’s transportation networks. I know my neighbors in south Florida, espe-cially those living in Kendall and South Dade, will be very grateful. SEVENTH ANNUAL SOUTHEAST FLORIDA  
REGIONAL CLIMATE LEADERSHIP SUMMIT  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to give accolades to Monroe County and the city of Key West for holding their Seventh Annual Southeast Florida Regional Climate Leadership Summit. 
For 7 years, they have created a 
forum for people to come together and discuss the importance of mitigating the effects of climate change. I thank them for their continued efforts and for being leaders on this critical issue that warrants serious attention. 
Like me, they believe that humans 
are a contributing factor to climate change and that our years of living ir-responsibly have caught up with us, leaving a blemish on our planet. They have dedicated time to making a posi-tive impact on our world, and I applaud them for their valiant and enduring ef-forts to see this task through. 
To all the attendees of the climate 
summit in beautiful Key West, thank you for your efforts to make the world a better place. I am confident that if we work together we can do right by future generations and leave them a cleaner, more beautiful planet. 
NELSON SOBRINO , STUDENT COUNCIL PRESIDENT  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to recognize a student in Homestead, Florida, Mr. Nelson Sobrino, and congratulate him on his recent election as student council president of Somerset City Arts Con-servatory. 
President Nelson, who is 13 years old, 
ran on a platform of adding additional school spirit days and helping the less fortunate with food during the holiday season. 
The story of President Nelson’s path 
to success at such a young age has a lot to admire. In first grade, he was diag-nosed with autism. However, Nelson has overcome difficult odds and has not only been a very successful student academically, winning awards like ‘‘Reading Plus’’ for Web-based com-prehension program, but has excelled socially as well. 
His teachers, parents, and fellow stu-
dents have been a tremendous support network and have greatly contributed to President Nelson’s success. 
So, President Nelson, I proudly rec-
ognize your leadership of the student body of Somerset City Arts and look forward to visiting with you soon. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, 
today, the world leaders, more than 100, are gathered in Paris to talk about an existential threat to all of us. This is not just the Syria issue, it is not just Iraq, it is not just terrorism, but it is about this planet’s ability to continue to sustain life as we know it. It is about climate change. Here in Washington, it is as though it 
is a different universe, not the universe in which we live, but a completely dif-ferent one. 
What I want to do is to basically 
cover this issue today of climate change. Let’s start with the underlying problem, the emission of carbon into our atmosphere. 
b1030 
For thousands and thousands of 
years, the atmospheric carbon has re-mained below 300 parts per million. This little spike here at the end—this year we reached 400 parts per million, and the consensus of scientists around the world is that this level of carbon will significantly increase the ambient air temperature of the world and the temperatures of the ocean, having a profound effect on the world’s ability to sustain itself, like the production of food. 
The last 2 years—2014 and this year— 
are going to be the hottest ever re-corded in recent centuries. What does that mean? Well, it means that the ice in Greenland is rapidly melting, as it is in the Arctic Ocean as well as Ant-arctic. Sea levels are rising and will continue to rise both because of the melting ice and the warmer tempera-ture of the ocean, which causes the water to expand. 
All of this is a serious problem for us 
if we care about the production of food and if we care about our ability to sur-vive. Here in Washington, yesterday, on the floor of this House of Represent-atives, it was a different universe. 
It was not the universe in which we 
live. It was not the planet on which we live. It was some very, very strange place, because yesterday the majority in the House of Representatives passed two pieces of legislation that would wipe out the Clean Power Act, an effort by the administration to reduce the production of coal energy here in the United States. 
Now, there is a problem in the rest of 
the world with the use of coal, and we still have that problem here in the United States. 
In The Washington Post yesterday 
there was a picture of Beijing, China. You couldn’t even see across the street. The article goes on to say that it is principally from the production of coal. 
So while we have a chance here in 
the United States—and we have been at this for many years, reducing the effect of coal and the production of coal both in terms of pollution as well as in terms of its carbon emissions—the House of Representatives, the majority party, yesterday voted to take not a step, but to take a whole mile back-wards and eliminate the ability and the effort of this Nation to continue to re-duce our consumption of coal and the pollution that is caused from there. 
Not only that, Mr. Speaker, but 
today, maybe tomorrow, we will be taking up H.R. 8, a bill that would again turn us away from the world 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.006 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8867 December 2, 2015 
problem and the solutions to it and to 
take a mighty step back into the last century. H.R. 8 is said to be energy se-curity. Well, it is the security of the coal and oil industry to be sure, but not the security of our Nation’s ability to survive in a climate-changed envi-ronment. 
It does, in fact, increase the produc-
tion and the use of coal. It does, in fact, allow for the export of oil. We want to be energy independent, but this legislation would allow the export of oil without any regulation at all and without any consideration for the American economy or the American automobile user. 
We are going in the wrong direction 
here. We ought to recognize, as 120 leaders in Paris are recognizing today, that we have a serious climate prob-lem. We must address it not with the policies that we are seeing here on the floor of the House of Representatives this week, in complete denial of what is happening around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to wake 
up. It is time for us to be aware of what is happening. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND HONORING THE 
35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARTYRDOM OF SR. DOROTHY KAZEL, JEAN DONOVAN, SR. ITA FORD, AND SR. MAURA CLARKE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, 
with great solemnity and gratitude, today I wish to honor four grace-filled women. Each of them were called to live their faith in the nation that bears their Savior’s name. Each worked tire-lessly to bring hope, healing, and joy to the poor of El Salvador. Each were bound together in tragedy on December 2, 1980. 
Maryknoll Sisters Ita Ford and 
Maura Clarke, Ursuline Sister Dorothy Kazel, and a young woman named Jean Donovan each traveled different paths to El Salvador. In the words of Sister Dorothy, they were united by a power-ful sense of responsibility to ‘‘spread the Gospel to people who needed help.’’ 
They sought to bring peace and com-
fort to vulnerable persons caught in a maelstrom of political turmoil on the 
cusp of a brutal 12-year civil war that followed the 1980 murder of newly be-atified Archbishop Oscar Romero, who was killed by an assassin’s bullet as he said Mass. 
Mr. Speaker, Sister Dorothy and 
Jean had each joined a mission team from the diocese of Cleveland, Ohio. Together they worked to ferry food and medical supplies to the sick and wounded, in whom they saw the face of Christ. 
Sister Dorothy had been engaged, but 
postponed her marriage to test a call to religious life. Jean Donovan wanted to get closer to Christ in the poor, though her friends hoped that she would leave El Salvador. Reunited with her fiance briefly to 
attend a friend’s wedding in Ireland, Jean actually chose to stay in El Sal-vador a little bit longer. She was drawn by the beauty and warmth of the Sal-vadoran people. 
Sister Ita and Sister Maura, both 
from New York and born nearly 10 years apart, had each sought a life of service through the Maryknoll reli-gious sisters. Their paths led through Chile and Nicaragua, respectively, and ultimately to El Salvador, where they each responded to Archbishop Rome-ro’s call, a plea for help. 
It has been said of Sister Ita that 
‘‘her twinkling eyes and her elfin grin would surface irrepressibly, even in the midst of poverty and sorrow.’’ Sister Maura, for her part, ‘‘was outstanding in her generosity, always saw the good in others, and could always make those whose lives she touched feel loved.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, all of these women 
could have left. Instead, they remained in El Salvador to be faithful. Sister Maura said, ‘‘There is a real peace here in spite of many frustrations and the terror around us. God is very present in His seeming absence.’’ 
They gave all that they had to the 
poor and homeless, whose difficulties were compounded by the counterinsur-gency that indiscriminately leveled many innocent lives in its crossfire. 
Mr. Speaker, while in college myself, 
pondering the essence and meaning of things, trying to figure out my own pathway, I heard the news of these women’s deaths. The rape and murder of these selfless women greatly dis-turbed me. I remember going to Mass and, overcoming my own hesitancy, of-fered a prayer for them during the community’s Prayer of the Faithful. 
The love that moved these four 
women to fly into the eye of the hurri-cane—because they could not bear to see vulnerable people suffer without re-course, without help—profoundly af-fected me and remains a part of my life today. 
As a Member of the United States 
House of Representatives, I am honored to laud the example of these excep-tional heroines. Having met with mem-bers of El Salvador’s congress, I have witnessed firsthand now the work of reconciliation that is going on, the healing of lives haunted by painful memories. 
When I first learned about the dec-
ades-long outpouring of love in service, vigils, prayers, and charitable pro-grams that were inspired by the exam-ple of these courageous women, I felt moved to actually take some small part in these celebrations, thus this talk today. 
In recalling their noble sacrifice, it is 
my fervent hope that responsible na-tions throughout this hemisphere will see in the lives of these martyrs of El Salvador a path to genuine prosperity. We can honor them fittingly by em-bracing the truly needy with integrity, peace, and justice, in genuine mutual solidarity as they live their lives. HONORING KENTUCKY GOVERNOR 
STEVE BESHEAR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 61st Governor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Steve Beshear, whose tenure as Governor comes to a close this week. 
Of his many significant accomplish-
ments, none came easily or by happen-stance. In fact, national basketball championships for both the Univer-sities of Louisville and Kentucky not-withstanding, it is tough to think of a less enviable time to walk into the Governor’s mansion. 
Within a year of his taking office, the 
global economy imploded, creating the worst economic crisis in our lifetimes and leading to unemployment as high as 10.7 percent. The health of our State was dismal, with one in five Kentucky adults carrying no health insurance. Mother Nature didn’t do him any fa-vors either. During one 11-month span, three presidential disaster declarations were issued for Louisville alone. 
To say you wouldn’t want to be the 
Governor to face those challenges is an understatement. To say you want Steve Beshear to be your Governor ad-dressing those challenges, well, that is just common sense. 
Our recovery didn’t just happen dur-
ing the tenure of Steve Beshear. It hap-pened because of Steve Beshear. Be-cause we had a Governor who wasn’t concerned with what was popular or politically savvy, he was committed to doing what needed to be done. 
He said no to the calls for European- 
style austerity and instead invested in our Commonwealth—in our people, our infrastructure, and our education—giv-ing Kentucky’s economy an immediate jolt and keeping our communities and workforce competitive for the long haul. 
The results speak for themselves. 
Today unemployment is half of what it was during the Great Recession, under 5 percent for the first time since 2001. Site Selection magazine says there is no better State in the Nation for eco-nomic development. 
Companies are investing in Kentucky 
like never before, $3.7 billion in invest-ment announced just last year. Ken-tucky is doing business like never be-fore, with exports of $27.5 billion last year, four times the national average. 
Mr. Speaker, we are building like we 
haven’t done in a long time. When I say our infrastructure was crumbling, it is not hyperbole. Bridges were literally falling down. Now they are going up. Leaders have been talking about the need for a new Ohio River bridge in Louisville for nearly 50 years. 
But Governor Beshear doesn’t talk 
the talk. He walks the walk. I will be proud to walk with him across the first of two new Ohio River bridges for the first time this weekend. 
But it is his stands that he will be 
most remembered for. If you asked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8868 December 2, 2015 
him, Steve will tell you he is just doing 
what is right. But that takes courage. Thankfully, Kentucky’s Governor has had no shortage of that. 
He reinstated an executive order pro-
hibiting LGBT discrimination against government workers, made Kentucky the first State in the Nation to adopt Common Core and the second to adopt New Generation Science Standards. 
When it came to medical care, he ab-
solutely refused to play politics with the health of his State. He expanded Medicaid and led the creation of the Nation’s most successful health ex-change, Kynect, and reduced the num-ber of Kentuckians without health in-surance from 20.4 percent to 9 percent, the best improvement in the Nation. 
In my district alone, the uninsured 
rate dropped 81 percent. For the first time, quality, affordable health insur-ance is a reality for hundreds of thou-sands of Kentuckians. It is thanks to Steve Beshear. 
Of course, he has been working for 
the people of Kentucky since long be-
fore he was a Governor, and he never did it alone. Throughout his decades of public service, he has depended on the strength of another great Kentucky leader, his wife and our first lady, Jane Beshear. 
Mr. Speaker, I have been honored to 
be Steve and Jane’s ally these past 8 years and I have been lucky to have them as mine as we worked to revi-talize Louisville’s manufacturing sec-tor, address our community’s infra-structure needs, and make sure Ken-tucky children, veterans, and working families are taken care of. 
Over the past 30 years, Mr. Speaker, 
I have had the honor of calling Steve Beshear my Attorney General, my Lieutenant Governor, and now my Gov-ernor. But, above all, I have been most proud to call him my friend. 
In his first inaugural address in 2007, 
Governor Beshear noted that the path of progress in Kentucky ‘‘will involve new thinking and new ideas. It will re-quire cooperation and patience. And it will demand courage.’’ 
Steve, you successfully embraced 
those new ideas, you promoted co-operation and patience, and you had the courage not only to serve, but to serve us well. I wish you the very best as you leave public service. 
I want to thank you, First Lady Jane 
Beshear, and your devoted staff for doing the right thing on behalf of the people of the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky. 
Mr. Speaker, Kentucky is a stronger, 
more prosperous, and a far healthier place because of the dedication and the work of our Governor Steve Beshear. 
f 
THE ELEMENTARY AND SEC-
ONDARY EDUCATION ACT MUST BE REAUTHORIZED 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Every Student Succeeds Act, which 
will reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill goes a long way 
to rectifying the problems that were created by No Child Left Behind. We have seen 14 years now of Federal en-croachment on local schools, one-size- fits-all testing, and local school dis-tricts that are not allowed to apply local solutions to local problems. 
Mr. Speaker, the version of ESEA 
that is coming to the floor later today will fix these problems. The bill will streamline the annual assessment proc-ess and will ensure that our teachers are not required to teach only the ma-terial that will be on these tests. It will remove the high stakes from these assessments and will ensure that school districts have the local control over the assessment process. 
More importantly, the bill will allow 
States to develop their own academic content and achievement standards that are designed to suit the needs of their students. Teachers and adminis-trators will be given the freedom to truly educate their students and will be able to innovate and develop real so-lutions to their problems without fear of a bureaucrat in Washington looking over their shoulder. 
Mr. Speaker, though I rise in support 
of this bill, I must say that I am dis-appointed that the final version to come out of conference did not include the text of an amendment that I of-fered that was adopted in H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
b1045 
My amendment would have forbidden 
States from requiring school districts to divert Federal education dollars away from the classroom and into State pension funds to pay off un-funded liabilities of the past. 
In my home State of Illinois, the 
State government is presently requir-ing school districts that choose to use Federal education dollars to pay teach-er salaries to divert over one-third of their Federal education dollars to the State’s Teachers’ Retirement System to cover past financial mismanage-ment. This amounts to a Federal bail-out of State pension programs at the expense of schools and education. Mr. Speaker, this only happens in Illinois. 
So what does this mean for the 10th 
District of Illinois? In 2014, Wheeling Community Consolidated School Dis-trict 21 had to send over $140,000 to the State to cover past pension obliga-tions. That is 35 percent of the $400,000 of total Federal dollars that came to Wheeling that Wheeling spent on teachers. If Wheeling had only had to pay the normal pension cost, the cur-rent pension obligation, it would have had to have contributed $32,000. That means that Wheeling was forced to di-vert over $100,000 to the pension system to cover past pension obligations at the expense of teachers in the classroom. At $40,000 per year, this would have en-abled them to hire an additional 2
1⁄2 teachers that could have been edu-
cating our children, reducing class-room sizes, and making each of our students receive the individual atten-tion that they need to succeed. 
In Waukegan, Illinois, this problem is 
even worse. Waukegan spent $2.6 mil-lion in Federal education dollars on teachers and was forced to divert over $900,000 annually to the State to cover past pension obligations. If the Dold amendment had been law, Waukegan would have had an additional $700,000 to hire more teachers, or in the case of District 60, they would have been able to offer full-day kindergarten. That makes an enormous difference in chil-dren’s lives—and parents’ lives for that matter. 
More tragically, because Illinois does 
not require the same kind of contribu-tion when teacher salaries are paid with State or local dollars, this policy is taking away Federal education dol-lars from our neediest and most vulner-able children, precisely the students that the ESEA was intended to help. 
Mr. Speaker, my amendment would 
have fixed this problem once and for all and would have ensured that education dollars intended for the students of Wheeling and Waukegan and every-where else where Federal dollars can make a real difference in our children’s lives would have actually gone to help these students. 
I will continue to fight on this issue 
and will continue to work with my col-leagues to make sure that the Federal dollars that are given to school dis-tricts are not diverted away from the neediest to cover up financial mistakes of the past. 
Mr. Speaker, Every Student Succeeds 
Act is by no means a perfect bill, but it is a significant upgrade and a step for-ward that goes a long way toward fix-ing the problems posed by No Child Left Behind. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
bill and ensure that our children’s get-ting the education they deserve is something that we can all count on. 
f 
WAR ON COAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, as we 
hear talk of bills on the floor and inter-national climate meetings with the world community, I want to bring to my colleagues’ attention and to you, Mr. Speaker, the real destruction that is going on in the fossil fuel areas of our Nation, one that I represent, the Il-linois coal basin. 
I want to start by quoting the mayor 
of a town named Galatia in two arti-cles from the paper called The South-ern. In a November 5 article, he basi-cally says: ‘‘Without the coal mines, we are going to be in dire straits. That’s all there is to it.’’ 
The mayor is referring to what we 
have come to the floor numerous times to talk about, and you actually heard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.008 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8869 December 2, 2015 
it from my colleague today, the war on 
coal, the intent by this administration to take coal out of the portfolio of electricity generation—and, really, any other fossil fuel they can get their hands on, whether it be crude oil or whether they will then move to natural gas. 
Later on, the mayor, in another arti-
cle from the same paper, on November 12, says because the New Era Mine in Galatia is now going to close, this clo-sure, ‘‘‘It impacts everybody,’ said David Harrawood, the village’s mayor. ‘It doesn’t just impact coal miners. It impacts trucking businesses, the stores, all their vendors. It’s not just one segment. Down here, we’re all tied together.’’’ 
So that is the human toll of the war 
on coal. The human toll is lost jobs, lost benefits, bankruptcies, which then creates a risk to the promised pension payments to the retirees. It becomes a loss of revenue to the taxing districts, to the counties, to the villages, to the first line responders, support for our schools. It dries up the ability for the local grocery store to operate, the local hardware store, and it is, as the mayor has said, devastating to southern Illi-nois. 
Now, when you hear the debate inter-
nationally, it is carbon dioxide, CO
2. In 
fact, I always talk in the committee about then-Senator Obama and his quote to the San Francisco Chronicle, when he was interviewed by the edi-torial board, when he was asked about climate and his plan, and here is his quote. You can YouTube it. It is easily accessible. ‘‘So if somebody wants to build a coal-powered plant, they can; It’s just that it will bankrupt them.’’ 
That has been the plan since 2008. 
That has been the plan in the first 4 years of his administration, and that is what he is striving to do, pushing with all his force to not only do here in the United States, but do in an inter-national venue. He is being successful, as we find out in the announcement of the closure of the mine in Galatia. 
The total number of coal mines open-
ing each year has fallen to its lowest point in at least a decade. The total number of operating coal mines has hit its lowest point on record, according to the Energy Information Administra-tion, which has records back to 1923. At the beginning of the Obama adminis-tration, over half the Nation’s elec-tricity came from coal. That number is down to 38 percent as of 2014. 
Now remember, coal is the most effi-
cient, the cheapest source of elec-tricity generation and creates a base-load capacity that is very critical to keep the lights on. If you lose the base-load generation and you rely on renew-ables, you really do risk keeping the lights on, and you assure the Nation of higher costs of electricity. 
So that is the war on coal, and that 
is kind of where we are right now with the administration. 
So what has been the response on the 
floor of the House? What have we done? Well, fortunately, yesterday we took a 
parliamentary procedure and a process called the Congressional Review Act to address the ability of the administra-tion to try to promulgate regulations without the authority of Congress. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 54 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
Once again, we come to You to ask 
wisdom, patience, peace, and under-standing for the Members of this peo-ple’s House. 
Give them the generosity of heart 
and the courage of true leadership to work toward a common solution to the many issues facing our Nation. 
As true statesmen and -women, may 
they find the fortitude to make judg-ments to benefit all Americans at this time and those generations to come. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. Q UIGLEY ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. QUIGLEY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY AND SYRIAN 
REFUGEES 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise 
and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I share the concerns of the majority of Americans regarding al-lowing Syrian refugees into this coun-try. Most important, I am worried that a terrorist could slip through, just like one of the terrorists involved in Paris. 
But we also can’t lose sight of an-
other vulnerability, a geographical vul-nerability, our southern border, be-cause our border is not secure. This President refuses to secure it. 
Yesterday, I spoke with the director 
of the Texas Department of Public Safety, Steve McCraw, and he made it very clear that we are seeing another surge at the border. We are seeing folks from Syria come across. This is trou-bling and wrong. 
The President must secure our border 
and protect our national security. If he refuses, we in this Congress must stop him by any means possible. 
f 
NO POLICY RIDERS 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, weeks 
ago, this body avoided a government shutdown by passing the Bipartisan Budget Act. Now we have to pass an omnibus. 
Unfortunately, many of our appro-
priations bills contain divisive policy riders that threaten to create another partisan standoff. There is an appro-priate time and place to debate these provisions: in the authorizing commit-tees. 
It seems that some Members have 
learned nothing from the brinksmanship that almost led to a government shutdown. It is hard enough to pass these measures without these divisive, controversial riders. We need to put the unnecessary fighting behind us. 
The Bipartisan Budget Act rep-
resents a chance for us to return to reasonable compromises and regular order. I call upon my colleagues to fol-low up on that accomplishment and pass a clean omnibus package. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, last Saturday marked the fifth annual Small Business Saturday, a day when we recognize the impor-tance of local businesses by shopping at these community businesses. 
Saturday’s event was particularly 
meaningful to small businesses in South Carolina, many of which were recovering from the tragic thousand- year flood in October. 
In South Carolina, over half of our 
State’s workforce is employed by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.009 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8870 December 2, 2015 
small business. Congress must do more 
to protect these vital job creators from excessive taxes and regulations. 
I am grateful to the National Federa-
tion of Independent Business, NFIB, along with the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, encouraged by the South Caro-lina Chamber of Commerce, led by Ted Pitts, as well as local Chambers of Blythewood, Chapin, Greater Colum-bia, Greater Irmo, Cayce-West Colum-bia, Lake Murray, Lexington, Batesburg-Leesville, Greater Aiken, Barnwell, Orangeburg, Midland Valley, and North Augusta, for their support of small business across the Second Dis-trict of South Carolina. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
VETERANS PROOF OF SERVICE 
RECORDS SHOULD BE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the De-
partment of Defense transfers a vet-eran’s service record to the National Archives 62 years after they are dis-charged from the military. 
100,000 archived records per year are 
requested—to determine eligibility for a medal, to research one’s medical his-tory, or to request a change in dis-charge status. 
The Department of Defense provides 
records to veterans for free, but once the records are sent to the Archives, veterans are charged $25 to $75 for a copy of their file. 
Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable 
that a veteran should have to pay the government for proof of their sacrifice and service. What is more, this fee is levied on veterans who are most likely living on a fixed income. 
This fee is unnecessary and inexcus-
able, and I ask my colleagues to sup-port legislation that I am introducing today to eliminate it. 
f 
REMEMBERING EZRA SCHWARTZ 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great sadness and a heavy heart that I rise today to honor and remem-ber 18-year-old Ezra Schwartz, a Massa-chusetts teenager whose life was trag-ically taken in Israel last month. Ezra was spending his gap year studying at a yeshiva in Israel and was one of the three people shot and killed last week by a Palestinian terrorist. 
The continued violent attacks tar-
geting Israeli civilians are, without qualification or exception, acts of ter-ror and deserve full condemnation. At-tacks on innocent civilians, whether they are American, Israeli, or Pales-tinian, have zero justification, and our response to such terrorism cannot be 
silence. 
My heart and prayers go out to the 
friends and family of Ezra, and we honor those whose lives have been lost by such hateful actions. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in re-
membering the young life of Ezra Schwartz. 
f 
THE RECENT ATTACK IN 
COLORADO SPRINGS 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, last 
Friday, a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs became the target of the 351st mass shooting in the United States this year. 
Three people were killed: an Iraq war 
veteran, a mother of two, and a local police officer. They are now among the more than 12,000 Americans who have died in gun-related incidents since the start of the year. 
The shooter in Colorado Springs is 
reported to have used a semiautomatic, AK–47-style firearm, an assault weapon that has its origins in Stalin’s Soviet Army. 
This firearm and others like it are 
weapons of war, not tools for self-de-fense. They serve no purpose other than to kill. And we can no longer per-mit the proliferation of and easy access to these weapons in the United States. 
That is why, in the coming weeks, I 
will be introducing legislation that re-authorizes the Assault Weapons Ban. During the 10 years this ban was in ef-fect, localities reported as much as a 72-percent decline in gun crimes in-volving assault weapons. 
Today, 59 percent of American voters 
support a ban on the purchase of semi-automatic and assault weapons. The only thing that stands in the way is Congress’ failure to act. The time for action is now. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN J. 
PIAZZA, SR., FOUNDER, ARMED FORCES MILITARY MUSEUM 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor and recognize a Floridian who has spent the last two decades making sure our veterans and their heroic acts are never forgotten. 
I rise today to commend John J. Pi-
azza, Sr., the founder and president of the Armed Forces Military Museum in Largo, Florida. 
A veteran himself, Mr. Piazza served 
from 1955 to 1960 in the U.S. Marine Corps and the Marine Corps Reserve. 
In 1998, he founded the Armed Forces 
Military Museum, exhibiting a per-sonal collection assembled into a mo-bile museum, with heavy equipment displayed at schools, community events, and the Florida State Fair. But, in 2008, he was able to fulfill his 
dream of opening a permanent home for great military memorabilia, vehi-cles, and equipment, both his own and those donated by those who have served. 
Mr. Speaker, today, Mr. Piazza cele-
brates his birthday, and I urge my col-leagues to not only join me in sending him very best wishes but to thank John for his lifelong dedication to hon-oring the American heroes who have served our Nation and for helping edu-cate the young men and women who today have the opportunity to learn about valor and sacrifice and our Armed Forces in Largo, Florida. 
f 
THE DISPLACED JOBS RELIEF ACT 
OF 2015 
(Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to urge my colleagues to support the Displaced Jobs Relief Act of 2015, a bill I introduced yesterday to help small businesses that have been hurt by foreign competition. 
As the Inland Empire of California 
fights back from the Great Recession, we need to make sure that we use every tool available to help our small businesses recover. 
Small businesses were dealt heavy 
blows in the past decade, both from our weakened economy and from our flawed trade agreements. International trade plays an important role in our economy, but history has taught us that not all agreements are fair. Some-times they take a toll on local busi-nesses that don’t have the ability to handle unfair foreign competition. 
That is why I introduced this bill. 
Trade Adjustment Assistance has played a crucial role in retraining and placing Americans in good-paying jobs for generations. If we increase the availability of funds, we can help pro-tect hardworking Americans from los-ing business to unfair competition overseas. 
My bill would increase the authoriza-
tion for TAA for businesses up to $50 million for each fiscal year, beginning in 2016 and running through 2021. 
Historically, these programs have al-
ways authorized $50 million a year, and, in fiscal year 2011, House Repub-
licans cut the levels to $16 million, barely 30 percent of what funding was. 
This is an important program that 
can help businesses in the Inland Em-pire and across the Nation, and I urge my colleagues to support me and the Displaced Jobs Relief Act for 2015 for the sake of American workers and busi-nesses. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SHERIFF 
AL ST. LAWRENCE 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to remember Chatham County Sheriff Al St. Lawrence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.011 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8871 December 2, 2015 
Last Tuesday, Sheriff St. Lawrence 
died after a long fight with cancer. He was 81 years old. He was a dedicated law enforcement professional for Chat-ham County for over 50 years, 23 of those years spent as sheriff. 
A U.S. Air Force veteran, he joined 
the Chatham County Police Depart-ment in 1959, after leaving the service. He was appointed to the State Peace Officers Standards and Training Coun-cil twice. He was named Police Chief of the Year three times during his tenure. 
In 1992, he ran for sheriff and won, 
being reelected five times. In his 20 years as sheriff, he oversaw numerous changes to the department, including the construction of a new jail. 
He was a gentleman, a professional, 
and a mentor. He was a man of few words and believed in personal respon-sibility. He loved the Sheriff’s Depart-ment, and he loved the people that worked there. 
I commend Sheriff Al St. Lawrence 
for years of service to his country and to the Chatham County Sheriff Depart-ment. We should all strive to achieve the success and admiration that Sheriff St. Lawrence achieved through his years of service. 
f 
INJUSTICE FOR LAQUAN 
MCDONALD 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, we have 
seen an uproar over the death of Laquan McDonald, and rightfully so. But, sadly, the injustice for Laquan goes much deeper. 
Laquan McDonald suffered more 
tragedy in his short life than anyone should have to bear. As a child, Laquan was abused at home. He was then hand-ed over to the Department of Children and Family Services, where he was sex-ually molested, not just once but in two different foster homes. 
At 17 years old, Laquan was shot 16 
times by an on-duty police officer. Even after death, the injustice contin-ued. It took 400 days before the officer who shot Laquan faced charges. 
We should all be ashamed at how our 
society failed Laquan McDonald. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remind 
my colleagues that Black lives matter, that Laquan McDonald’s life matters, and justice matters. We should all be working to ensure that Laquan gets the justice that he has been denied for so long and to end the cycle of poverty, abuse, and injustice that shaped his life. 
f 
b1215 
MEDICAL DEVICE TAX 
(Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to continue to lead the fight to repeal the medical device tax. This is a 
tax on revenue rather than profit. It leads to some of the highest corporate tax rates in the world and creates undue harm to an industry that not only creates jobs, but also improves our health and well-being. 
A company located in my district, 
NuMed, employs over 80 people and produces stents and other vascular equipment. The medical device tax pre-vents NuMed from increasing their budget on research and development by 15 percent. 
AngioDynamics, another company in 
my district, employs 950 people and creates more than 100 different medical devices, including the AngioVac Sys-tem used to treat blood clots. Re-cently, one of their executives said, ‘‘The $1 million that AngioDynamics pays in Federal excise taxes on medical device company revenues could instead be used to employ another 10 to 15 peo-ple.’’ 
We must repeal this burdensome tax 
to help create jobs and improve patient outcomes. 
f 
THE FEDERAL BUDGET 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the bipar-
tisan budget agreement signed into law last month helped to avert another manufactured political crisis here in Washington. But our work is not done. If we don’t pass a spending bill before December 11, working Americans and seniors will face another dangerous government shutdown. 
Sadly, Mr. Speaker, Republican lead-
ership continues to threaten this proc-ess over radical policy riders like defunding Planned Parenthood. Unfor-tunately, in his first press conference, the new Speaker could not rule out an-other Republican government shut-down. 
As we face tremendous threats to our 
national security, we need to set poli-tics aside. Some things in this House have to be exempt from political gamesmanship, and we would certainly think that keeping government open and functioning would be one of the things that we take out of the political conversation. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
want us to do our job. Our job is to make sure that this government runs, and we can’t do that if we continue to use politics and the threat of a govern-ment shutdown to achieve what can’t be achieved through the normal legis-lative process. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to do our job. 
f 
HONORING JIM HOFFMAN OF 
WAYNE COUNTY, NEW YORK 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor one of Wayne County, New York’s most dedicated public serv-
ants, Jim Hoffman, and to send him off on a well-deserved retirement. 
Jim’s esteemed career in public serv-
ice began when he enlisted in the U.S. Navy as a young man. It continued with his 30 years with the New York State Police, five terms serving as town supervisor in Williamson and 10 years as chairman of the Wayne Coun-ty Board of Supervisors. 
Jim has faithfully served the con-
stituents in the Town of Williamson and all of Wayne County. Under his leadership, Wayne County is certainly a better place to live. He has lowered taxes in Williamson, kept taxes stable across the county, supported our re-gion’s vast community of growers and farmers, emerged as a leader in the fight against Plan 2014, and made the Town of Williamson the first in all of New York State to function 100 percent on solar power. 
There is no question that Jim’s life-
time of service deserves recognition. He has been a great friend, mentor, and confidant throughout my time rep-resenting the people of the 24th Con-gressional District in the House of Rep-resentatives. I am so very appreciative for all that he has done for me and for our community. 
Jim, congratulations to you on a 
long and distinguished career. Enjoy your retirement with your children and grandchildren. God bless you. 
f 
THE AFGHANISTAN CODEL 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to discuss our country’s ongoing efforts in Afghanistan. 
Over Thanksgiving, I had the honor 
to join five of our other colleagues from the House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee for a trip to spend the holiday with our outstanding service men and women in Kabul, Kandahar, and Bagram Air Force base. 
Additionally, we received numerous 
briefings from senior military, State Department, and intelligence officials. We heard about the multitude of chal-lenges facing the young democracy in Afghanistan, ranging from hard secu-rity challenges emanating from the Taliban, al Qaeda, and even ISIL, to so-cietal challenges in a country with 92 percent illiteracy. 
This is now primarily an Afghan 
fight with just over 9,800 American troops remaining in the country. How-ever, the threat of international ter-rorism and the need to ensure that the country never again becomes a haven for those seeking to target the United States means that we will need to have a presence in Afghanistan for some time to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I was encouraged by the 
dedication of the men and women in uniform who continue to demonstrate their commitment to our mission. I was also encouraged by the resolve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.013 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8872 December 2, 2015 
demonstrated by Afghan President 
Ashraf Ghani to reduce corruption and rebuild the economy. 
Make no mistake, Afghanistan faces 
many challenges in the years ahead. But with the help of the United States of America, the international commu-nity, the tenacity of the Afghan lead-ers, and some good luck, the Afghan people can hope for peace and greater prosperity in the future. 
f 
RULES OF ENGAGEMENT: NO 
CLIMATE CASUALTIES 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, bul-
let holes are still visible in the walls of cafes, and the graves are fresh for those lives that were stolen by ISIS fighters in the streets of Paris. Meanwhile, the President is in Paris talking about his priority—the real threat—climate change. 
While America has been unable or 
unwilling to defeat ISIS, it has been front and center in the war on climate change. Former CIA Director Mike Morrell said: ‘‘And we didn’t go after oil wells—actually hitting oil wells that ISIS controls because we didn’t want to do environmental dam-age. . . .’’ 
The President has decided that the 
threat to the environment is more seri-ous to him than the threat of ISIS ter-rorism. 
Mr. Speaker, oil funds ISIS’ mur-
derous reign of terror, but the Presi-dent’s new limited war doctrine has one rule of engagement: no climate casualties. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for bombs to 
rain down over the ISIS war chest. Stop the flow of the blood oil. Not one more life should be lost because of a negligent and backwards strategy of a limited war based on climate change, an environmental-waged war that pro-motes not harming the environment over harming people. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
this House rose once again to observe a moment of silence for victims of gun violence, this time for the police offi-cer, the veteran, and the mother of two who were gunned down in Colorado Springs nearly 3 years after 20 school-children and 6 brave educators were shot to death at Sandy Hook Elemen-tary School in my district. It is time for moments of silence to end. It is time for action. 
Gun violence is a public health crisis 
that deserves this House to take action now. That is why we should establish a select committee on gun violence pre-vention. We are all understandably concerned 
about terrorism; yet, this House just yesterday blocked action to prevent 
terrorists, those on the Terrorist Watchlist, from acquiring deadly weap-ons to kill Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for this House 
to truly honor victims of gun violence. I invite my colleagues to join us next week for the 3rd Annual National Vigil to Prevent Gun Violence on Wednes-day, December 9. The vigil will be held at St. Mark’s Church on Capitol Hill. 
Please come and join me. Stand with 
the families and the victims of gun vio-lence from my district and across the country. 
f 
RECIPROCAL DEPOSITS 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, to realize their American Dream, many Minnesotans rely on ac-cess to financial products like business loans and mortgages. Not only do these financial instruments benefit individ-uals and families, but they help build healthy communities. 
Unfortunately, in some rural and 
urban areas, outdated regulations threaten the ability of our community banks to offer these important finan-cial products. 
Together with Congresswoman G
WEN 
MOORE , I have introduced legislation 
that will address this problem. H.R. 4116 allows certain community banks to trade large bank deposits over a se-cure network. 
This will enable depositors to do 
business with local community banks while still maintaining FDIC insurance instead of seeing important and nec-essary financial capital that could be used for local projects, purchases, and investment leave local communities. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is good 
for Minnesota. And please forgive my bias, but I happen to believe what is good for Minnesota is good for our country. 
f 
FIGHTING FOR WORKING 
AMERICANS 
(Mr. ELLISON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, Repub-
licans are willing to shut down govern-ment in a battle to protect riders that hurt working-class Americans. 
During these budget and appropria-
tion debates, Republicans have fought tooth and nail to cut investments in important programs for working fami-lies, yet they are willing to spend bil-lions on tax expenditures for wealthy corporations. 
On top of that, Mr. Speaker, they 
want to add riders that gut consumer protections, labor rights, environ-mental protections, and a woman’s right to choose. 
A recent poll found that nearly seven 
in ten Americans agree with the fol-lowing statement: ‘‘I feel angry be-
cause our political system seems to only be working for the insiders with money and power.’’ 
As Members of Congress, I urge col-
leagues on all sides to come together and heed the American people’s wishes and to put their interests up front. We need to make sure that we can pass a budget bill that isn’t loaded up with policy riders and more things that would confuse the basic issues. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot abide pro-
posals attacking the National Labor Relations Board and a worker’s right to organize. We cannot abide efforts to undermine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is helping Americans meet their financial needs. 
Mr. Speaker, we must stand up for 
the American consumer. I urge all par-ties to come together to reach these important goals. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF CHARLOTTE 
DIETRICH, POTTER COUNTY PLANNING DIRECTOR 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Charlotte Dietrich on her upcom-ing retirement as planning director of Potter County, located in Pennsylva-nia’s Fifth Congressional District. 
Charlotte was promoted to that posi-
tion in April of 2001 and had previously served as a secretary for Potter Coun-ty. 
In her more than 14 years as planning 
director, Potter County became the only county in Pennsylvania to have a Wellhead Protection Plan in place for each water authority in the county, mapping each source of water, which is perhaps our most important natural re-source. 
Additionally, under Charlotte’s lead-
ership, the county’s planning depart-ment worked to address issues sur-rounding the development of wind power in the county, along with a huge expansion of gas drilling in the Marcellus Shale formation. 
A Potter County commissioner re-
cently called Charlotte a born planner. I know those skills have been a great asset for the county in the past decade with so many big changes. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish Charlotte the 
best of luck in retirement. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 
UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the University of Houston, one of our Nation’s leading public research uni-versities, on its recent string of success inside and outside the classroom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.014 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8873 December 2, 2015 
The University of Houston was des-
ignated as a tier 1 research university by the Carnegie Foundation, making it only one of three tier 1 public univer-sities in Texas and one of only three Hispanic-serving institutions that are also tier 1 in the entire country. 
For over 90 years, Mr. Speaker, the 
University of Houston has been pro-viding affordable, world-class edu-cation to the people of Houston and Harris County and students throughout the country who come to U of H for its renowned academic programs and pro-fessional training. 
Our Chancellor Khator is here today 
in Washington. Thanks to her team and our board of regents for their lead-ership. 
The University of Houston Cougars is 
one of the top college football teams this season with an 11–1 record, ranked number 17 in the country, and can win the American Athletic Conference and go to a New Year’s Day bowl game with a win this weekend. 
Mr. Speaker, as a native Houstonian 
and a graduate of the University of Houston, it makes me proud to see our university succeed and continue to be one of the most important institutions serving our State, city, and our coun-try. Go Cougars. 
f 
b1230 
LET’S GET OUR PRIORITIES 
STRAIGHT 
(Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, let’s 
get our priorities straight when it comes to American leadership. Rather than showing leadership in the fight against ISIS or reassuring our allies in this fight, our current administration is still claiming that our greatest threat to national security is, believe it or not, climate change. 
I am all about science, but we need to 
be realistic as well. The biggest threat, according to them, isn’t radical Islam, Russia, Iran, or North Korea. It is a couple of degrees Fahrenheit over the next century or so. 
And the remedy is costly. At a cost 
to whom? At a cost to hardworking Americans. Their government man-dates mean higher energy costs for families, less energy reliability, higher manufacturing costs, and smaller take- home paychecks. 
I know that most Ohio families can’t 
afford this, Mr. Speaker. Coal plants are already shutting down up and down the Ohio River, costing us jobs and re-liable energy. We need American lead-ership that is willing to lead the fight and defeat ISIS. 
This week, the House voted to pro-
tect American families and consumers from the administration’s price hikes. Let’s get our priorities straight, Mr. Speaker, and bring the fight to ISIS, not burden Ohio families. PROTECT AMERICAN FAMILIES 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the ter-
rorist attacks in Paris reminded us that ISIS recruits fighters from across the globe and even here at home. Al-ready, the FBI has arrested over 60 Americans connected with ISIS. 
The terrorists who attacked Paris 
got their guns from the black market. But here in the United States, even suspected terrorists are allowed, under Federal law, to freely and legally buy assault weapons, buy guns, and buy ex-plosives. 
The GAO reports that, in the last 
decade, suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list attempted to buy guns and explosives over 2,200 times. And guess what; 91 percent of the time they suc-ceeded. 
Now, I know that the gun lobby op-
poses any effort to toughen background checks; but can we not, at the very least, agree that this is a matter of na-tional security, that when the FBI has reasonable suspicion that someone is connected to terror, we should stop him from buying weapons of mass mur-der? 
To any of my colleagues on the floor 
today, is there anyone in Congress who actually believes that you should be able to buy a gun while on the terrorist watch list? Is there anyone in America who believes that? 
If you are on the terrorist watch list, 
you shouldn’t buy a gun. Can this body please take this meaningful step to protect American families. Let’s put it to a vote, and let’s do it before we leave here for the holidays. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER LLOYD REED 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life, legacy, and work of Officer Lloyd Reed, Jr., who will be remembered for his kind and helpful nature. Officer Reed, a St. Clair Township, Pennsylvania, police officer, was tragically shot and killed last Sat-urday, November 28, while responding to a domestic dispute. 
A graduate of Conemaugh Township 
High School, he was an avid trout fish-erman and a NASCAR and, of course, a Steelers fan. 
Officer Reed courageously served his 
community as a law enforcement offi-cer for 25 years before his life was taken. I offer my prayers and deepest condolences to his loved ones: his friends, his colleagues, and his wife. 
All men and women who serve to pro-
tect us from harm deserve our deepest gratitude and respect. They choose to risk their lives so that the rest of us can lead peaceful, productive, and meaningful lives. Officer Reed’s life and death are a 
testament to all those who serve hon-orably as law enforcement officers. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE AND 
LEGACY OF CONGRESSWOMAN SHIRLEY CHISHOLM 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the life and legacy of Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm. 
Last week, she posthumously re-
ceived the Presidential Medal of Free-dom, our Nation’s highest civilian honor. Congresswoman Chisholm is truly deserving of this honor. 
In 1969, she became the first African 
American woman to serve in Congress. She was the first majority party Afri-can American candidate and the first Democratic woman to run for Presi-dent. She was also a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Congresswoman Chisholm—or Mrs. C, 
as we called her—was my mentor and role model. The course of my life changed, when I met Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, as a student in Mills College. At that time, I was the Black Student Union president, and I had in-vited her to speak her eloquent speech focused on the power of women and people of color to change the world. As she said: If you don’t have a seat at the table, bring a folding chair. She ex-plained why it was important for ev-eryone to get involved in the policy-making process, because too often the voices of women and people of color are unheard. 
I know that today many of us, in-
cluding myself, would not be here. We would not have the privilege to serve in this great body had it not been for Shirley Chisolm. She is truly deserving of our Nation’s highest honor. 
I would also want to wish Mrs. C a 
very happy belated birthday. She would have turned 91 on the 20th of No-vember. 
f 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 
AGENCY’S FINALIZED RENEW-ABLE FUEL STANDARD 
(Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to discuss the Environ-mental Protection Agency’s finalized Renewable Fuel Standard, otherwise known as the RFS. 
The biofuels industry has created 
good-paying, technical jobs in rural economies, helped lower gas prices for consumers, protected the environment, 
and reduced reliance on foreign oil. 
On Monday of this week, the EPA fi-
nalized RFS levels for 2014, 2015, and 2016. While they are a slight improve-ment from the proposed rule, they still fall short of congressional intent put into law in 2007. Unfortunately, this de-cision raises questions about the ad-ministration’s commitment to rural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.015 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8874 December 2, 2015 
America and domestic biofuels. Despite 
public assurances to support the biofuels economy, the EPA has done just the opposite. 
The disconnect is startling. A reduc-
tion in RFS levels increases uncer-tainty and stifles investment in the ad-vanced biofuels sector. We should all be concerned by the precedent this deci-sion sets for other renewable energy sources. It allows the administration to ignore the facts and the law in order to set a standard of its choosing. 
The RFS is working. It is time the 
EPA started listening to the people im-pacted by their rules and regulations. 
I am committed to supporting the 
biofuels industry, its producers, its farmers, and its consumers, and to con-tinue fighting against any attempts to undermine it. 
f 
EVERY CHILD SUCCEEDS ACT 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to speak today about what the House will face on educational changes in bringing forward S. 1177, the Every Child Succeeds Act, which takes us away from No Child Left Behind. 
I am very delighted that the Jackson 
Lee amendment offered during the House consideration of the bill dealing with bullying is now in this bill. It is now the law of the land once we pass it. It supports accountability-based pro-grams and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include research-based bullying preven-tion, cyberbullying prevention, disrup-tion of recruitment activity by groups or individuals involved in violent ex-tremism, and gang prevention pro-grams as well as intervention pro-grams. 
CNN had a report just last night, I 
believe, that talked about the exten-siveness of cyberbullying. One in seven students in grades K–12 is either a bully or a victim of it; 90 percent of fourth to eighth grade students report being victims of bullying; 56 percent of students have personally witnessed some type of bullying; 71 percent of students report incidents of bullying as a problem; 15 percent of all students who don’t show up for school report they have been bullied; 1 out of 20 stu-dents has seen a student with a gun at a school; and 282,000 students are phys-ically attacked in secondary schools each month. This is something that is a key part of education. To be in an education environment where you want to learn and where you are protected is key. 
Let me ask everyone to support this 
legislation. I am delighted that we have been able to come together in par-ticular around this issue of preventing bullying and cyberbullying in our schools. RECOGNIZING BEST BUDDIES 
INTERNATIONAL 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to give recognition to Best Buddies International, an organization that as-sists individuals with developmental and intellectual disabilities to become thriving members of our society. Founded in 1989, Best Buddies Inter-national has positively improved the lives of nearly 900,000 individuals. 
I am particularly proud of the suc-
cess of this organization in my home State of Florida, where there are pro-grams like Best Buddies Colleges in which schools like my alma mater of Florida International University and the University of Miami participate. 
This program nurtures one-to-one 
friendships between college students and adults with IDD so that they can be involved in campus life beyond the classroom. 
Through this and other worthwhile 
programs, participants create a bond that can truly last a lifetime while be-coming inspirational leaders and living a more independent life. 
I would like to extend my best wishes 
to Best Buddies International as it con-tinues on this noble endeavor and en-courages all to get involved and sup-port people with special needs and their families. 
f 
AFL–CIO 60TH ANNIVERSARY 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, this week 
marks the 60th anniversary of the AFL–CIO. 
The AFL–CIO serves as the voice for 
more than 12 million working Ameri-cans throughout our Nation. Through negotiating with employers, the AFL– CIO has fought and won better wages, fair hours, and more friendly family policies for millions of Americans. I fought alongside AFL–CIO for decades, and I will continue to stand with them and our workers. 
Thank you to the president of the 
North Carolina AFL–CIO, James An-drews, to Timothy Rorie with the Cen-tral Labor Council, Charlie Hines with the International Association of Ma-chinists and Aerospace Workers, Essie Hogue with the Union for Government Employees, and more than 30 other members of the North Carolina AFL– CIO executive board. Thank you. 
These leaders pour everything they 
have into fighting for workers in our communities. 
For more than 60 years, the AFL–CIO 
has represented the best in our unions and has given our workers the support they need to stand up for themselves. On this 60th anniversary of the AFL– CIO, let’s continue to support our workers by making sure that they have wages that they can live on, fair hours, 
retirement protections they deserve, and access to health care they need. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF 
HOWARD HENDERSON 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to the life of How-ard Henderson, a man who was cher-ished by many throughout southern Arizona. 
Howard moved to Douglas, Arizona, 
in 1984, when he became the owner and president of KDAP–FM and KAPR–AM radio stations. He wasted no time mak-ing his mark, both on the air and in the community. 
Howard hosted ‘‘The Trading Post’’ 
morning show, one of the most popular and listened-to shows in the area. He broadcasted over 1,000 high school games and supported community events, including serving on the local fair board. His on-air personality and active presence in Douglas earned him the nickname, Mr. Wonderful. 
I got to know Howard over recent 
years. Like many, I was touched by his professionalism, his grace, and his dedication to the community. 
On November 20, Howard passed 
away, after battling cancer, at the age of 65. We will miss hearing his voice on the airwaves and seeing his smiling face around Douglas, but we will never forget his impact on southern Arizona. 
f 
HONORING JEFFERSON COUNTY 
SHERIFF’S DEPUTY JERROD RIGDON 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor Jefferson County Sheriff’s Deputy Jerrod Rigdon, whose heroic actions saved the life of a Florida State University student in my district. 
When Deputy Rigdon arrived at the 
crash scene on the morning of October 31, the scene was horrific. The car was mangled, and the freshman student in-side had life-threatening injuries. His neck was severed, and he was quickly losing blood. 
The deputy quickly assessed the 
scene, worked to stop the bleeding, and called for a helicopter to airlift the vic-tim. Because of his fast response and heroic actions, Billy Fowler, the 18- year-old freshman in the car, is alive today. 
I want to thank Deputy Rigdon and 
all of the north Florida first respond-ers. Thank you for risking your lives to save ours. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.017 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8875 December 2, 2015 
b1245 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-
ERATION OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF THE CON-FERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 542 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 542 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing work-force, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes. No further general debate shall be in order. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-36. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (S. 1177) to re-authorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. All points of order against the conference report and against its consid-eration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one motion to recommit if ap-plicable. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee). The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 542 provides for a rule to continue consideration of the com-prehensive energy legislation on which the House began its work yesterday. 
The rule makes in order 38 amend-
ments to be considered on the House floor, 22 of which are sponsored by Democratic Members of the House, 12 of which are sponsored by Republicans, and 4 of which were submitted as bipar-tisan amendments. 
Further, the minority will be af-
forded the standard motion to recom-mit—a final opportunity to amend the bill prior to its passage. 
H. Res. 542 further provides for a rule 
to consider the conference report to S. 1177, the Student Success Act, which will move the country’s education sys-tem beyond No Child Left Behind and return the responsibility of educating our children to local and State authori-ties, where it appropriately belongs. 
As with all conference reports 
brought before the House, the rule pro-vides that debate on the measure will be conducted under the standing rules of the House and will further provide for a motion to recommit, allowing the minority yet another opportunity to amend the legislation before its final passage. 
The amendments that the Rules 
Committee made in order allow the House to weigh in on a number of im-portant issues within the sphere of en-ergy policy, from crude oil exports, to the Federal Government’s policy on fossil fuel usage, to siting and regu-latory reforms at the Department of Energy and the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission. 
I do wish to highlight an amendment 
that unfortunately was not made in order, one that I submitted to the Rules Committee, as well, during the markup of H.R. 8 in Energy and Com-merce. 
It has become clear to me, having 
worked on the Energy and Commerce Committee over the past 10 years, that the authority given to the Department of Energy to regulate and mandate effi-ciency standards in consumer products was both initially misguided and ulti-mately has proven to be cumbersome and unworkable. Mr. Speaker, I have always been a 
strong believer in energy efficiency. However, government-mandated effi-ciency standards have proven to be the wrong approach. 
For this reason, I submitted an 
amendment to repeal the Federal en-ergy conservation standards, which dictate how energy efficient consumer products must be before they can be sold in the United States. 
These mandates cover products from 
light bulbs—and, on this, we have suc-cessfully blocked it due to over-whelming public outrage—to ceiling fans, to air conditioners, to heaters, to furnaces. The list goes on and on. 
The Federal Government should not 
be setting these standards. Companies and, more importantly, their cus-tomers should be the driving force in this decision. This is about letting the free market drive innovation and tech-nological advances. The government should trust the people to make the right decisions when it comes to the products that they buy. 
When the government sets the effi-
ciency standard for a product, that often becomes the ceiling. When the market drives the standard, there is no limit to how fast and how aggressive manufacturers will ultimately be when consumers demand more efficient and better products. 
Mr. Speaker, government standards 
have proven to be unworkable. Every single time the Department of Energy proposes to set a new efficiency stand-ard for any product, manufacturers run to their Members of Congress, asking us to sign letters to the Department of Energy to implore them not to set un-workable standards. It is a predictable occurrence for every rule. 
Even in H.R. 8, we are conceding that 
the Department of Energy is moving in the wrong direction with furnace standards, and Congress has to step in and mitigate. In fact, Congress should be getting out of the way of the rela-tionship between companies and their customers. 
How many times during the appro-
priations process are we asked to vote on amendments blocking the Depart-ment of Energy from regulating con-sumer products because the Federal Government does not understand how to run a business? Instead of that ap-proach, we should be removing the De-partment of Energy’s authority alto-gether. 
The Commerce Clause of the United 
States Constitution was meant as a limitation on Federal power. The Framers intended that clause to be used to ensure that commerce could flow freely among the several States. It was never intended to allow the Fed-eral Government to micromanage ev-eryday consumer products. 
If the clause were truly meant to be 
that expansive, then the 10th Amend-ment would be meaningless. There would be no authority left to reserve to the States. This view of the Commerce Clause was reaffirmed most recently by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.019 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8876 December 2, 2015 
the Supreme Court in the National 
Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius. 
The Commerce Clause does not and 
cannot extend so far as to allow the Federal Government to regulate prod-ucts that do not pose a risk to health or safety. There is a place for the FDA to regulate safe food and drugs and for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to regulate the safety of cars on the roads, but to give the Federal Government the authority to regulate how efficient a product should be really seems to cross a constitu-tional line. 
Congress has already stepped in to 
block the Department of Energy from setting efficiency standards for light bulbs—not because Congress gained wisdom. It was because the American people understood clearly that this was government overreach at its worst, and they demanded it be fixed. 
But the same can and should be said 
about every consumer product that the Department of Energy has been given the authority to regulate in the effi-ciency space. From light bulbs, to fur-naces, to air conditioners, to ceiling fans, the Department of Energy should not be telling manufacturers how to make their products. 
I also want to say one thing about 
the amendment to H.R. 8 that was sub-mitted by the Representative from Wy-oming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ), which was also, 
unfortunately, not made in order. 
This amendment was based, in part, 
on a series of GAO studies that I and Senator M
ARKEY had commissioned to 
study the Department of Energy’s management of uranium issues and its impact on the domestic uranium min-ing industry. 
It is a critical issue for those of us 
from Western States. And it is my hope, as this body continues to work to protect that industry from further le-gally suspect actions by the Depart-ment of Energy, that Mrs. L
UMMIS ’ 
wishes will be achieved. 
The education conference report, 
known as the Every Student Succeeds Act, is a bipartisan compromise to re-authorize and reform our education system. 
For the past 13 years, our students 
and our schools have been struggling to meet the rigorous and often unrealistic demands of No Child Left Behind. 
No Child Left Behind attempted to 
improve school accountability by con-ditioning increased funding on annual testing requirements and pass rates. One hundred percent of students were supposed to be proficient by 2014, with failing schools being required to re-structure under Federal guidelines. 
A vote against the Every Student 
Succeeds Act today is a vote to keep No Child Left Behind in place, to keep the onerous average yearly progress standards in place, and to keep the high-stakes testing in place that so many of our constituents deplore. 
This compromise, which was worked 
out in committee, is a vast improve-ment. It is not a perfect bill by any 
stretch, but it is a vast improvement. And, really, for the first time, it moves control back into the hands of States and local districts, where it belongs. 
It eliminates the waiver process by 
repealing the adequate yearly progress Federal accountability system. For years, school boards in my district have been requesting relief from hav-ing to obtain waivers from the Depart-ment of Education. 
This bill will allow local districts to 
set their own testing requirements and standards to determine whether a stu-dent or a school is struggling as well as how to improve. 
Common Core incentives are elimi-
nated. Let me repeat that. Common Core incentives are eliminated. 
The Federal Government created the 
Federal education regulations and mandated their adoption by with-holding funds from schools. This inter-vention is another example of the Fed-eral Government’s prescribing its best practices over those schools and teach-ers who, every day, get up and go to work to do their best. They know their students. They know how best to teach them. Under the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act, this stops. 
This bill also provides States with 
new funding flexibility by allowing States to determine how to spend their Federal dollars—on average, 7 percent per year. In my State, this is more than $225 million annually that the State will be able to allocate in the most effective and the most efficient way possible. 
This bill is a 4-year authorization. 
That is an important point. Regardless of how you feel about the current ad-ministration, it will not be the current administration in 4 years’ time. That will allow the next administration, whoever he or she may be, the oppor-tunity to better evaluate education programs and, my hope is, to continue to reduce the Federal role for our stu-dents, schools, and teachers in Texas and throughout the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I am glad the gentleman got to edu-
cation. We heard 9 or 10 minutes about this corporate welfare energy bill, which is not going anywhere, and it is the reason that I don’t think there will be any Democrats supporting this rule. But, yes, in this rule is also a wonder-ful education bill that we are very ex-cited about, and I think we have many Democrats who will want to tell you about it here today. It is exciting to reach this point. 
I share the frustration of teachers, of 
parents, of students across the country with No Child Left Behind. I was on the State Board of Education in Colorado from 2001 to 2007 when we implemented No Child Left Behind. We saw many of the flaws at that time. 
We knew the fallacy of the formula 
for adequate yearly progress, and it was set up in such a way that all 
schools would eventually fail. We saw the rigid structure that could even in-hibit State and district innovation. 
b1300 
I am proud to say today that the bill 
under this rule is a major step forward. For those who are thinking of opposing it, realize that, in opposing it, you are ensuring that No Child Left Behind will continue exactly as it is. 
There is never a perfect alternative. I 
am sure, if each of us had the oppor-tunity to write our own education bill, we would have 435 different bills. 
What we have before us is a good, re-
alistic compromise that can replace No Child Left Behind with a new Federal education law. It is something that is long overdue for the kids of this coun-try, something that will be a boost in morale to teachers and educators in this country, and something that will encourage innovation at the State and district level. I will talk about some of those provisions that do just that. 
Just a few weeks ago I met with 
some teachers and students at Rocky Mountain High School in Fort Collins, Colorado. They expressed their frustra-tion with what has become everyday challenges in K–12 schools and how de-tached our No Child Left Behind law from 15 years ago is with the realities of education today. 
Teachers are spending less time 
teaching and more time administering high-stakes test or teaching of the test. Students are spending less time learning. As a result, schools have less time to focus on teaching real skills that students need to be ready for col-lege or to be ready for careers in tech-nical education after high school. 
Unfortunately, schools across my dis-
trict and the country have been experi-encing the same frustrations as the teachers and students at Rocky Moun-tain High who I met with a couple weeks ago. 
These frustrations are in many ways 
the result of the outdated education law, No Child Left Behind, which passed in 2001, which was well inten-tioned, but imposed a one-size-fits-all accountability system, a flawed one at that, on a diverse set of States and dis-tricts across our country. 
That is why I am so excited to be 
here on the floor of the House with the opportunity to speak about the new conference report, the new bipartisan, bicameral ESEA Reauthorization, the Every Student Succeeds Act, which passed 39–1 in our conference com-mittee. 
I encourage my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to join me and the other conferees in replacing No Child Left Behind with Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act is 
the result of years of work by both Chambers. Former Ranking Member and former Chair George Miller, former Ranking Member and Chair Buck McKeon, current Chair Mr. K
LINE, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.020 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8877 December 2, 2015 
Mr. S COTT have worked tirelessly, 
along with their staffs, over years to be able to put together something that both Democrats and Republicans can feel good about. Because guess what. We both care about kids. We both care about education. It is not a partisan issue. 
Now, we might have our differences 
about how to improve our schools. Let’s put all those good ideas on the table. And they were. And they were voiced. We were able to build and im-prove deeply upon the highly flawed first version of this bill that the House passed, which would have taken Fed-eral dollars away from the poorest schools and given it to wealthier schools. 
The House-passed bill would have 
completely failed students with dis-abilities by allowing unlimited stu-dents to have no accountability by classifying them as students with dis-abilities for alternative assessments, sweeping under the rug the tremendous amount of progress that students with disabilities have made since No Child Left Behind. 
The first version of the bill didn’t es-
tablish any accountability for gradua-tion or proficiency rates or any param-eters for interventions to ensure that we could improve struggling schools. 
Now, when the Every Student Suc-
ceeds Act finally passed the House, it barely passed. It passed in a purely par-tisan manner. No Democrats supported the bill, and many Republicans didn’t support the bill. 
Now, the silver lining of that is that 
it allowed the process to move forward. I am proud to say, after months of hard work by the staff and the chair and ranking member, the conference com-mittee has succeeded in reporting out a bill that I believe is better than the Senate bill, better than the House bill, and certainly better than No Child Left Behind. 
When the conferees met, several 
Members offered thoughtful amend-ments that built upon and improved the conference framework even more. For example, Mr. M
ESSER offered an 
amendment that would allow funds to be used to educate teachers about best practices for student data privacy. 
I offered a successful amendment 
that increases dual and concurrent en-rollment opportunities for English lan-guage learners, something near and dear to my heart as the founder of the New America School charter school network. 
The conference committee took the 
framework and turned it into a robust bill that replaces No Child Left Behind with a system that works better for students, for educators, for families, and for schools. 
When ESEA was first passed in 1965, 
first and foremost, it was seen properly as a critical piece of civil rights legis-lation. For the first time, the Federal Government was making a commit-ment that every child, regardless of race, background, or ZIP Code, de-served a great education to prepare 
them for success. 
Any reauthorization of ESEA needs 
to uphold that same commitment to civil rights that was established in 1965. While the Every Student Succeeds Act isn’t perfect, I believe that it up-holds that commitment to civil rights that is such an important role for the Federal Government to play. 
Most importantly, the Every Student 
Succeeds Act includes strong account-ability provisions that ensure that underimproving schools are identified and improved. 
Now, title I in Every Student Suc-
ceeds Act has come a long way from the original House bill. The number of Members in the House, including those in the new Democratic coalition and the Tri-Caucus, demanded stronger ac-countability provisions in the con-ference report. I am very happy to see that the conference report has deliv-ered. 
Specifically, the Every Student Suc-
ceeds Act maintains annual statewide assessments, which gives States, dis-tricts, teachers, and parents valuable information about how students are performing and the tools they need to improve student performance. This data will be broken down by subgroup, by race, by socioeconomic status, to ensure that no students are swept under the rug. 
This bill includes a clear framework 
for identifying consistently low-per-forming schools and provides resources and ensures that States intervene to improve them. It fully maintains our promise to parents of students with disabilities, the promise that schools will be accountable to ensure that their child is learning and that the unique learning needs of their children are met. 
To be clear, these requirements are 
not the same top-down, one-size-fits-all accountability provisions of No Child Left Behind. The one-size-fits-all for-mula of adequate yearly progress is rightfully gone. The accountability provisions in Every Student Succeeds Act creates a framework for States as they create their own meaningful ac-countability plans. 
This means that States can be flexi-
ble and innovative to create specific policies that work for them. It is a challenge to States to rise to the occa-sion in meeting the learning needs of all students while maintaining those Federal rails to ensure that no child is left out. 
This bill provides additional flexi-
bility around testing by allowing high- quality, Federally recognized tests to also meet the annual testing require-ments in high school. In my district, high schoolers take the Colorado State test, the ACT, and, if necessary, AP or IB exams. That is a lot of testing in the final years of high school. 
This new flexibility would mean that 
a pending application that Colorado has for the ACT to stand in place of the Colorado State test would be specifi-cally allowed in statute under this bill, 
and I couldn’t be more proud of that provision. 
This bill also maintains strong sup-
port for high-quality charter schools, something that I have made a hall-mark of my time here in Congress and have been a coauthor of bills that have passed this body overwhelmingly. That charter school language is reflected in this bill. 
The language would improve charter 
school access and service for all stu-dents, give new and innovative charter schools those tools they need to meet their goal of serving at-risk and diverse students that ensure that our limited Federal investment supports the rep-lication and expansion of high-quality, innovative charter schools. 
Before I came to Congress, I founded 
two public charter school networks. I know the freedom to innovate and the flexibility to pursue a unique mission within public education can help char-ter schools succeed at the highest lev-els. 
This bill also contains a commitment 
to education technology and innova-tion. The Investing in Innovation pro-gram has also been one of my top prior-
ities in this bill. 
In Colorado, the St. Vrain Valley 
School District, which I represent a good portion of, received a $3.6 million innovation grant to expand programs for at-risk kids in seven schools. 
Because of that grant, St. Vrain was 
able to extend the school year at four elementary schools that serve at-risk kids, target math students at risk of failing at two middle schools that im-plement the STEM Academy at Sky-line High School. I couldn’t be more proud of this provision. 
Now, this rule also has a corporate 
welfare giveaway to the oil and gas in-dustry. Thankfully, they are two sepa-rate votes. So my colleagues can vote against corporate welfare for the oil and gas industry, one of the most prof-itable industries on the face of the planet, and vote for kids. 
I do encourage my colleagues to vote 
against the rule, which has the oil and gas corporate welfare bill. If it simply was a straight-up vote on ESEA, I think my Democratic colleagues would join me in supporting the rule. Unfor-tunately, it is not. 
They stuck another bill in there that 
is an enormous multibillion-dollar giveaway to the most profitable indus-try on the face of the planet, trying to preserve the fossil fuel industry rather than find a pathway forward to transi-tion toward a lower carbon emission future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), a valuable 
senior member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague, Dr. B
URGESS , for yielding 
time. 
Mr. Speaker, as a child, my family’s 
home didn’t have electricity or running 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.022 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8878 December 2, 2015 
water. My parents, while dedicated and 
hardworking, were poor, with little for-mal education. 
Fortunately, I was pushed by the 
right people, teachers and administra-tors, who wouldn’t let me settle for less than my best. In the mountains of North Carolina, I learned firsthand the power of education and its vital role in the success of individual Americans. 
Unfortunately, today’s K–12 edu-
cation system is failing our students. Decades of Washington’s counter-productive mandates and the No Child Left Behind law have resulted in stag-nant student achievement, dis-appointing graduation rates, and high school graduates entering college and the workforce without the knowledge and resources they need to succeed. 
Parents and education leaders have 
lost much of their decisionmaking au-thority to Washington bureaucrats, and the Secretary of Education has bullied States into adopting the Obama administration’s pet policies. 
The rule we are debating now would 
provide for consideration of a con-ference committee agreement, the Every Student Succeeds Act, reauthor-izing and reforming the Elementary and Secondary Education Act that would allow Congress finally to replace the No Child Left Behind. 
As a grandmother, educator, and 
former school board member, I know students are best served when teachers, parents, and administrators are the driving force behind improving edu-cation. This agreement does just that by reducing the Federal footprint in the Nation’s classrooms and restoring control to the people who know their students best. 
The compromise Every Student Suc-
ceeds Act gets Washington out of the business of running schools. It protects State and local autonomy by prohib-iting the Secretary of Education from coercing States into adopting Common Core or punishing them for abandoning it. 
It also would place unprecedented re-
strictions on the authority of the Sec-retary of Education, preventing the Secretary from imposing new require-ments on States and school districts through executive fiat, as President Obama’s Department of Education has done repeatedly over the past 3 years. 
The proposal eliminates the burden-
some one-size-fits-all accountability system that has done more to tie up States and school districts in red tape than to support local efforts to educate children. It also reduces the size of the Federal education bureaucracy by eliminating ineffective and duplicative Federal programs and requiring the Secretary of Education to reduce the Department’s workforce accordingly. 
If Congress were to fail to act, States 
would be forced to choose between the fundamentally flawed policies of No Child Left Behind, which double down on Federal programs, mandates, and spending, and the Obama administra-tion’s controversial temporary condi-tional waiver scheme, which has im-
posed the administration’s preferred policies and heightened the level of un-certainty shared by States and school districts. America’s students deserve better. 
That is why I am so pleased today’s 
agreement gives States a better chance to succeed by getting Washington out of their way. Our work has been vali-
dated by The Wall Street Journal, which stated that the bill would rep-resent the largest evolution of Federal control to the States in a quarter cen-tury. It is far better than the status quo that would continue if nothing passes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
G
RAVES of Louisiana). The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. BURGESS. I yield an additional 
15 seconds to the gentlewoman from North Carolina. 
Ms. FOXX. By reversing No Child 
Left Behind, one-size-fits-all micro-management of classrooms, Congress is giving parents, teachers, and local edu-cation leaders the tools they need to repair a broken education system and help all children reach their potential. It is time to get Washington out of the way. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this rule and the underlying conference committee agreement, the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), a member of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank my colleague for yielding and for all of the work that he has put in on an important and necessary ad-vancement in our education system. 
As he mentioned, the rule we are de-
bating today also incorporates a rule for an energy bill that I wanted to ad-dress today because nowhere is the need for a comprehensive energy policy more critical than in my home State of Massachusetts and the entire region of New England. 
With recent announced closures of 
two plants in our region, one coal and one nuclear, we are facing the loss of over 2,000 megawatts of an already an-tiquated, already overtaxed electric grid. That loss of capacity is already causing the bills of our consumers to skyrocket through a quadrupling of our capacity rates, from $1 billion to over $4 billion. 
Those closures and subsequent rate 
increases underscore our need for a roadmap that puts us on a path toward renewable energy while balancing the reliability and affordability. 
b1315 
The bill before us today does exactly 
the opposite. It reverses course and re-news our investment in outdated en-ergy resources while putting up road-blocks that will halt the innovation our energy infrastructure so des-perately needs. 
In particular, I am very concerned 
with section 1110 of the bill, which would require regional grid operators 
to conduct a reliability analysis each time a rate change is filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion. 
Unfortunately, reliability comes at a 
cost, and the analysis required by sec-tion 1110 fails to even consider its im-pact on ratepayers. It ignores the con-cerns that I hear across my district every single day. Rate increases mean families can’t save, businesses can’t grow, local towns can’t plan for the fu-ture. 
That is why I introduced an amend-
ment which would simply add ‘‘at the lowest possible cost’’ to the reliability analysis in section 1110. Unfortunately, it was not made in order. It was a sim-ple amendment that would have given much-needed direction and flexibility to each regional operator to determine what its reliability needs are and how much it is going to cost local rate-payers. 
The reliability analysis is a clear 
benefit to fuel types that can be stored and ignores the realities and benefits of other sources of energy, including re-newables. The criteria required in this analysis fails to consider regional dis-parities, such as natural gas resources, local policies, and infrastructure. 
If the majority is going to insist on a 
reliability analysis, at the very least we should consider the impact the analysis would have on energy costs to our constituents. 
To say I am disappointed about what 
this bill has become would be a tremen-dous understatement. I hope today’s vote will send a signal to the majority that this version does not have a viable pathway forward and that our Caucus remains committed to working with them on a bill that does. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
Mr. BYRNE. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, as a former member of 
the Alabama State school board, former chancellor of postsecondary education for the State of Alabama, and as a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I am proud to support this rule and the un-derlying legislation. 
For too long, our Nation’s education 
system has failed under a heavy, top- down system of mandates and require-ments set by Washington bureaucrats and special interest groups. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act 
changes that by getting Washington out of the way and empowering our local teachers, principals, and adminis-trators. This legislation achieves these goals by reducing the Federal Govern-ment’s role in K–12 education and re-storing control over education back to the States and local school districts, where it belongs. 
The Wall Street Journal editorial 
board calls this legislation the largest devolution of Federal control to the States in a quarter-century. National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.023 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8879 December 2, 2015 
Journal notes that the bill marks a 
rollback of Federal power, while Polit-ico points out that the bill cuts down on the number of education programs. 
I hear concerns often from my con-
stituents in southwest Alabama about the Common Core standards. Well, this bill expressly prohibits the Secretary of Education from influencing or coerc-ing States into adopting Common Core. This bill makes clear that it is solely a State’s responsibility to set academic standards and pick assessments. 
These restrictions on the Federal 
Secretary of Education are unprece-dented and will end the Secretary’s ability to influence education policy through executive fiat and conditional waivers. 
Some may wonder what the alter-
native is to this legislation, so let me tell you. 
Without this bill, we will continue to 
allow the Obama administration and the Federal Government to dictate education policy to the States. 
Without this bill, the Secretary of 
Education will continue to use Federal grants and money to coerce States into adopting certain academic standards, like Common Core. 
Without this bill, the Federal Depart-
ment of Education will continue to op-erate more than 80 programs which are ineffective, duplicative, and unneces-sary. 
Without this bill, teachers will con-
tinue to have their hands tied by poli-cies and assessments put forward by bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. 
Washington has no business telling 
our States and local school districts how to best run their schools. So let’s pass the Every Student Succeeds Act. Let’s get Washington out of the way, and let’s empower our local teachers, parents, and students. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
rule and to support the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I have 
a great deal of respect for the ranking member’s intellect and integrity, as well as the chairman, in working through this rule. 
But it is simply disgraceful that 
while the President of the United States, our President, was in Paris this week to unite the world against the growing threat of climate change, this House chose to take up this particular legislation that would undermine the transition to cleaner power sources. 
These irresponsible bills put the 
American people at risk by exposing them to the dangers of carbon pollu-tion, further exacerbating the negative impacts of climate change and putting our natural resources in jeopardy. 
While some of my friends choose to 
deny solid scientific evidence, more than 12,000 peer-reviewed scientific studies are in agreement: Climate change is real, and humans are largely responsible by releasing large amounts of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse 
gasses into the atmosphere from burn-ing fossil fuels to produce energy. 
But this is the most embarrassing 
part for our country: that this House is ignoring the scientific and national se-curity community, which has long rec-ognized the national security threat climate change poses for future genera-tions. 
The longer term consequences of fail-
ing to act to address climate change may add further instability in regions that are already teetering on the edge of crisis. This could impair future ac-cess to food and water, damage infra-structure or interrupt commercial ac-tivity, and increase competition and tension between countries vying for limited resources. 
Now, as this body chooses to ignore 
our military leaders, we are faced with a choice. We can reject the continued calls to pull fossil fuels from the ground, or we can put our heads in the sand and pretend everything is fine, hunky-dory. 
While I may not be a scientist or a 
military expert, I don’t think it is dif-ficult to walk and chew gum at the same time. We can listen to the experts by investing our time and efforts in both short-term and long-term policies to keep the public safe. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and in support of both bills that this rule will bring to the floor. 
I thank the gentleman from Texas 
for yielding me this time. I find myself in very strong agreement with him on every point that he raised in his out-standing opening statement. 
In regard to the energy efficiency 
bill, Mr. Speaker, unemployment is a serious problem in this country, but we have much more underemployment. We have ended up with the best educated waiters and waitresses in the world, as many thousands of college graduates can’t find good jobs. 
Our environmental rules and regula-
tions and red tape have caused several million good jobs to go to other coun-tries over the last 40 or 50 years. We need more good jobs in this country, Mr. Speaker, and this energy bill will help reduce this movement of jobs to other countries. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I rise primarily 
today to speak in favor of the Every Student Succeeds legislation. 
In 2001, I was one of just 45 Members 
of the House who voted against the No Child Left Behind Federal education law. Just 10 of those 45 remain in the House today: Republican Congressmen S
AM JOHNSON , W ALTER JONES , J OE 
PITTS, DANA ROHRABACHER , JIMSEN-
SENBRENNER , PETE SESSIONS , and my-
self; and Democrats J OHN CONYERS , 
BOBBY SCOTT, and M AXINE WATERS . 
This turned out to be one of the most 
popular votes I ever cast, especially with teachers. I have spoken well over a thousand 
times in schools through the years, and I voted against the bill in 2001 because I felt the teachers, principals, and par-ents in east Tennessee had enough common sense and intelligence to run their own schools and classrooms and didn’t need Washington bureaucrats telling them what to do. 
The No Child Left Behind law was a 
great overreaction to failed schools in some of our Nation’s biggest cities, and it needs to be replaced. Today, I rise in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act so we can leave behind the No Child Left Behind law. 
As a previous speaker mentioned, the 
Wall Street Journal on Monday pub-lished an editorial calling this bill ‘‘a bipartisan compromise’’ that would be ‘‘the largest devolution of Federal con-trol . . . in a quarter-century.’’ 
The paper pointed out that ‘‘it’s far 
better than the status quo which would continue if nothing passes,’’ and de-scribed the bill as ‘‘a rare opportunity for real reform.’’ 
This bill should please many conserv-
atives because it does away with the Common Core mandate. 
This legislation is an example of 
great work by my own Senator, con-stituent, and friend, Senator L
AMAR  
ALEXANDER . This bill is just one of 
many reasons why Senator A LEXANDER  
is one of the most respected Members of the other body, and I commend him for his efforts to improve our Nation’s schools. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
these two bills that this rule brings to the floor. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), a member of the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, this bill is 
missing a great opportunity where we have common ground on energy effi-ciency. Mr. U
PTON and Mr. W HITFIELD  
are great chairmen of the sub-committee and the standing committee and made an honest effort to try to in-clude all of the possible things that we could do on energy efficiency, but we came up short. 
The American Council for an Energy- 
Efficient Economy—and that is made up of a lot of private sector companies that are trying to meet the demand that their consumers, corporate con-sumers, and individuals have to get more bang for their energy dollar by using less and saving more—has said that this bill will not reduce energy consumption in the United States. It will increase it, at a cost of about $20 billion through 2040. 
Why are we doing that? Energy effi-
ciency is the area where we agree. There is a lot of contentious debate about climate change; we are not going to resolve that today. But we have bi-partisan agreement that we should use less energy. It is good for our cus-tomers, and it is good for the economy, and it is good for the environment. We came up short. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.025 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8880 December 2, 2015 
Many of the costs in energy effi-
ciency could be saved with building codes language, which Mr. M
CKINLEY , 
an engineer on the Republican side, in-troduced along with me. That is not in this bill. 
There was a number of other bipar-
tisan amendments that could have been offered. One by Mr. K
INZINGER , the 
Smart Building Acceleration Act, should be in the bill. One by Mr. R
EED, 
the Smart Manufacturing Leadership Act, should be in the bill. 
So energy efficiency, that is the 
place we can work together, and it is the place where we save money by using less energy and improving our economy and improving the environ-ment as well. 
The second area is the renewable fuel 
standards. 
We have a huge debate in this Con-
gress. If you are a corn farmer and you are from that district, the renewable fuel standards work for you because it increases what you get for producing corn. 
Everywhere else, you are getting 
hammered. The cost to farmers who have to pay grain bills is higher. The cost to consumers who have to buy food is higher. The cost to small engine owners who have to get more repairs is higher. And it is bad for the environ-ment. 
That has been determined, I think, to 
be a well-intended flop. 
Many of us had amendments that 
were going to let this Congress vote on the renewable fuel standard. It was de-nied by the Committee on Rules be-cause the Congressional Budget Office has said that if we actually passed an amendment eliminating the renewable fuel standards, drivers of pickup trucks and cars would get higher gas mileage, and, therefore, there would be less rev-enue in the transportation bill from the gas tax, and we might have to pay more to farmers as a subsidy. 
Now, what is going on here when we 
can’t take a vote on a proposal that would have the effect of saving the driving public money on gas? 
You know, I am willing to take that 
vote. I am willing to take the heat for saving drivers in this country money because they can get better mileage without ethanol in the fuel. 
Mr. Speaker, there has been a real ef-
fort here on the committee to make progress. My goal is that we keep at it and try to improve this bill as it goes along the legislative path. 
b1330 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN). 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the rule, but I would like to speak on some of the positive benefits I see in the education portion of this bill coming down the pike later on today. 
First and foremost, I think we are 
learning a lot, Mr. Speaker, about what it really means to prepare young kids 
for an education today. And I believe the brain science that is unfolding in our country and the world is helping us better understand exactly how young minds work and how our own brains work. I think it is smart for us to send more power back to the local districts and then support programming that can help kids learn better. 
A component of this bill, the Student 
Support and Academic Enrichment grant program, allows for helping to educate well-rounded kids, allows us to focus on well-rounded education, focus on safe and healthy kids, and gives local school districts an opportunity to invest in programs like the social and emotional learning programs that are going on around this country. 
It is an interesting study. A meta- 
analysis done of about 213 programs with 270,000 kids participating in social and emotional learning programs saw an 11 percentile point increase in test scores. That closes the achievement gap. We have seen a 10 percent increase in prosocial behavior, a 10 percent de-crease in antisocial behavior, and a 20 percent swing in the behavior of the kids. 
We have great programs, like the 
MindUP program that Goldie Hawn started, having a tremendous impact around the country. 
In my own congressional district, in 
Warren City Schools, we have the Inner Resilience Social and Emotional Learning program. In one of our schools, we have seen a 60 percent re-duction in out-of-school suspensions. That is a 60 percent reduction. 
And these programs are having sig-
nificant benefits. If you look at the qualities that a young person needs, I believe this bill helps us get back to re-defining what the common core is. In my estimation, the common core is: Are we teaching kids mental dis-cipline? the ability to be aware? the ability to be focused? the ability to cultivate one of the key components to a successful life, and that is the ability to regulate your own emotional state? 
This comes well before science, tech-
nology, engineering, and math. Teach-ing these key, fundamental character-istics—mental discipline, physical dis-cipline, focus, concentration, self-regu-lation—are key components before you even get to the academic side of things. 
The other component in here is cre-
ating healthy schools. This gets into the school lunches. This gets into the food that these kids eat. If the student is not getting healthy foods, they are not going to be able to concentrate, they are not going to be able to have a high energy level, they are not going to be able to do well academically. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. To me, self-regu-
lation, awareness, attention, healthy foods, and healthy environment are the building blocks before we even get to the academic component of what hap-
pens in the classroom. 
I want to thank the committees and 
the conference committee for putting this together and just recognize that I believe there is a new way of educating our kids emerging here. There is a new common core developing, and that is the mental discipline and the physical health of our young people. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-
vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would close a loophole allowing suspected terrorists to legally buy guns. This bill would bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the terrorist watch list. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, we have be-
fore us today an education bill that is a vast improvement over the status quo. I am proud to say it is a result of the work product between Democrats and Republicans working together to finally replace an outdated educational law with one that makes a lot more sense. 
It maintains the original goal of 
ESEA from 1965—that is, to protect the civil rights of all Americans, to ensure that no school district can sweep under the rug or deny a quality education to any student because of their ethnicity or race or income status—and it allows States and districts the flexibility to meet those needs. It allows States and districts the flexibility to do some-thing, but not the flexibility to do nothing. That is the fine line that Democrats and Republicans have worked together to seek and have ac-complished with this bill. 
Beginning in 2011, the Department of 
Education embarked on an unprece-dented process of granting annual ESEA waivers to States and some dis-tricts. Now, you have heard that waiv-er process blasted from the other side. Absent that waiver process, under the formula of adequate yearly progress, nearly every State and district would have been labeled a failure. So I hope that my colleagues are grateful for a waiver process that has succeeded in granting waivers not only to my home 
State of Colorado, but to most States and districts across the country. 
Now, of course, the waiver process 
opened up a Pandora’s box. We can all agree it gave too much power to a sin-gle Federal agency. Not knowing who the next President is going to be, that should be something that Democrats and Republicans are concerned about. 
While President Obama and Sec-
retary Duncan’s use of the waiver proc-ess allowed States to get out from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.026 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8881 December 2, 2015 
under a flawed law, we can’t nec-
essarily count on the next President to be as generous with the waiver process in the No Child Left Behind, which is why it is completely appropriate and why you see so many Democrats, Re-publicans, educators, and school board members lining up to say: You know what? We need better statutory guid-ance, and we need to eliminate the one flawed Federal measurement of ade-quate yearly progress and replace it with an accountability system that works at the State and district level and maintains the Federal commit-ment to civil rights for all students. 
Now, I personally agree with some of 
the reforms that resulted from the ESEA waivers, but a complex annual waiver process is at the whim of who-ever the chief executive is at a certain time. It is not sound policy over time to improve our public schools. 
I am proud to say this bill, ESEA, 
has broad support from a diverse coali-tion of stakeholders. It has support from superintendents, teachers, the Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable, the National Center for Learning Disabilities, the National Council of La Raza, Third Way, the STEM Education Coalition, the Na-tional Governors Association, and many others who are very well-re-garded organizations that support the bill. And just over the past few days, I have heard from constituents who sup-port the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
I have spent most of my public career 
in education. I believe that education is the single most powerful tool for cre-ating opportunity, for ending poverty, for lifting people into the middle class and beyond. 
I have served as chairman of the 
State Board of Education of Colorado. I founded two charter schools. I served as superintendent of a charter school, the New America School. During my time in Congress, I have sat on the House Education and the Workforce Committee. And on a personal note, I have a preschool-age son. 
Nothing could be more important for 
the future of our country than improv-ing our public schools. Education is im-portant to me, just as it is important to thousands of families in my district and parents everywhere. The Every Student Succeeds Act is a good bill that will move our education system forward. 
I am proud to support the conference 
report, though, again, I am opposed to the rule and H.R. 8, the corporate wel-fare for the oil and gas industry bill, which was, unfortunately, put under the same rule as an education bill that I think many of us can agree on. 
I want to talk about some of the spe-
cific language around charter schools that I worked hard to include in this bill. 
I am proud to say that this version of 
the bill maintains strong Federal sup-port for new and innovative charter schools as well as allowing for the rep-lication and expansion of public char-ter school models that we know work 
for at-risk kids. 
It is one of the great things about 
education. For every challenge we face, for every problem we see in public edu-cation, we also see an example of what works: a great teacher in a classroom defying the odds by helping at-risk stu-dents achieve; a great school; a great principal; a great site leader who has turned around a low-performing school, improved graduation rates, and made sure that more kids have access to col-lege. 
These stories are a reality in dis-
tricts like Denver Public Schools, Jef-ferson County Public Schools, Boulder Valley School District, Poudre School District; and in districts across the country, there are examples of what works and what doesn’t work. 
The truth is that the Federal Govern-
ment and States need to ensure that districts change what doesn’t work, and one of the best ways to do that is to take proven models of success and expand and replicate them. One of those models that can work is public charter schools. 
I am proud to say the public charter 
schools have been embraced in my home State of Colorado. Denver Public Schools, which serves a high percent-age of at-risk kids, has over 20 percent of their children choosing to attend public charter schools. Our State also enjoys strong school choice across all public schools and even between dis-tricts. 
This bill improves upon the charter 
school language by allowing the grants to be used for expanding and repli-cating successful models and upping the bar on authorizing practices and ensuring that quality public charter schools are meeting the needs of learn-ers across the country. 
Many of these charter schools 
wouldn’t get off the ground without these Federal startup grants because they don’t receive any public funds or State funds—in my home State of Colo-rado, until June of the year they open; in other States, it might be a little bit different. But generally speaking, all of those planning costs and operating costs for that year, until they open, are not compensated because they have no student enrollment at that point. 
Believe me, it takes money to get 
public charter schools off the ground. They raise money from philanthropy. Some school districts who want more public charter schools help seed them, too. And the Federal investment, along with that, will help ensure that these great educators and great ideas have a chance to actually start a public char-ter school that meets a real learning need in the community. 
I couldn’t be more proud that those 
priorities of the All-STAR Act and the charter school bill passed overwhelm-ingly by this body in two different leg-islative sessions are reflected in this final bill. 
I encourage my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question, to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the education bill, and to vote ‘‘no’’ on the corporate welfare for the oil and gas industry bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire as to the amount of time re-maining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 11
3⁄4minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides 
for further consideration of two impor-tant bills affecting the future of this country: the country’s energy future and the future of education. They are important bills. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the previous question, vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the under-lying bills. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support to S. 1177, which is a sea change that moves the nation’s education system away from ‘‘No Child Left Behind.’’ 
I thank Chairman K
LINE, Ranking Member 
SCOTT , and all the members of the House and 
Senate Conference Committee for their work in bringing the Every Child Succeeds Act. 
As the founding member and Chair of the 
Congressional Children’s Caucus, I am in sup-port of this bill because it places the education of our nation’s children first. 
I am pleased that the Jackson Lee Amend-
ment offered during the House consideration of this bill intended to fight bullying in edu-cation settings is included in S. 1177. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment supports ac-
countability-based programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include research-based bullying preven-tion, cyberbullying prevention, and disruption of recruitment activity by groups or individuals involved in violent extremism, and gang pre-vention programs as well as intervention pro-grams regarding bullying. 
Statistics on Bully: Consider the daily reality for too many of 
our children who are threatened and hurt daily and will not tell adults about their pain or shame: 1 in 7 Students in Grades K–12 is ei-ther a bully or a victim of bullying. 90 percent of 4th to 8th Grade Students report being vic-tims of bullying of some type. 56 percent of students have personally witnessed some type of bullying at school. 71 percent of students report incidents of bullying as a problem at their school. 15 percent of all students who don’t show up for school reported being out of fear of being bullied while at school. 1 out of 20 students has seen a student with a gun at school. 282,000 students are physically at-tacked in secondary schools each month. 
Consequences of bullying: 15 percent of all 
school absenteeism is directly related to fears of being bullied at school. According to bul-lying statistics, 1 out of every 10 students who drops out of school does so because of re-peated bullying. Suicides linked to bullying are the saddest statistic. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment also address-
es growing concerns regarding violent extre-mism and student social media use. 
As the Ranking Member of the Judiciary 
Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.027 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8882 December 2, 2015 
Security, and Investigations, as well as a Sen-
ior Member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I believe that we must address emerg-ing threats where they are, and do so as early as possible. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act reflects 
the core principles for what today’s children need to be prepared to succeed. 
The bill includes support for students and 
schools in state accountability plans to create an opportunity for great transparency in mak-ing sure the classroom experiences of stu-dents will prepare them for higher education or employment opportunities by: (1.) reducing the amount of standardized testing in schools and decoupling high-stakes decision making and statewide standardized tests; and, (2.) ensur-ing that educators’ voices are part of decision making at the federal, state and local levels. 
This year marks the 50th anniversary of 
Congress passing the landmark Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA). 
It is appropriate that Congress is taking this 
important bipartisan step in education reform that is drawing broad support from leading or-ganizations, including the following: (1.) Na-tional Education Association; (2.) Leadership Conference on Civil Rights; (3.) National Council of La Raza; (4.) Teach for America; (5.) U.S. Chamber of Commerce; and (6.) Business Roundtable. 
The bill before the House will move the na-
tion toward an education policy built for suc-cess from the classrooms to the workplace. 
In 2011, the number of children enrolled in 
elementary, middle schools and high schools nationally is 54,876,000, which included 38,716,000 in elementary schools and 16,160,000 in high schools. 
Access to a great education is the best 
medicine for our nation’s disparities in our economic system and social justice chal-lenges. 
A major reason for the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act was the unanimous, landmark ruling of the United States Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education, in which the Supreme Court held that education ‘‘is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms.’’ 
A great education lifts all aspirations and 
opens doors of opportunity for every student in communities across the nation. 
Today lifelong learning is an imperative for 
workers to remain current and viable in the employment market place. 
A great education today yield benefits far 
into the future as it produces inventors, think-ers, artists, and leaders. 
It is well past time to correct flaws in the 
‘‘No Child Left Behind’’ law and focus on facili-tating this growth and laying the foundation for student success. 
According to a 2011 report by the Brookings 
Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program, ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy,’’ 26 million jobs, or 20 percent of all occupations, required knowl-edge in one or more STEM areas. 
The same report stressed that fully half of 
all STEM jobs available to workers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on average $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent higher than jobs with similar education requirements. 
The economy is changing rapidly and our 
education system needs the guidance and support provided by H.R. 1177. 
I urge all members to join with me in voting 
in support of H.R. 1177. The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 542 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative 
Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on the adoption of the resolution, if ordered, and the motion to instruct on H.R. 644. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 177, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 653] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.020 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8883 December 2, 2015 
Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—177 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bucshon 
Cleaver Cuellar Huffman Meeks Nadler 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Speier Takai 
Webster (FL) Williams 
b1410 
Mr. ASHFORD changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 181, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 654] 
AYES—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce 
Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.004 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8884 December 2, 2015 
Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Bishop (MI) 
Black Cuellar Marchant McCollum 
Meeks Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta 
Takai Webster (FL) Williams 
b1420 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES 
ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITA-TION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to instruct on the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) on which the yeas and 
nays were ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to instruct. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 193, nays 232, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 655] 
YEAS—193 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Griffith Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone 
Pascrell Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—232 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers McSally 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cuellar 
Meeks Payne Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Takai Webster (FL) 
Williams 
b1430 
So the motion to instruct was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN ). Without objection, the 
Chair appoints the following conferees on H.R. 644: 
Messrs. B
RADY of Texas, R EICHERT , 
TIBERI , L EVIN, and Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California. 
There was no objection. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, I call up the con-ference report on the bill (S. 1177) to re-authorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 542, the con-ference report is considered read. 
(For conference report and state-
ment, see proceedings of the House of November 30, 2015, at page H8444.) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 542, the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE) 
and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the conference report to accompany S. 1177. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in strong support of the 
conference report to accompany S. 1177, to be known as the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
After years of congressional delay 
and executive overreach, Congress is fi-nally replacing No Child Left Behind. More importantly, we are replacing the old approach to education with a new approach that will help every child in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.005 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8885 December 2, 2015 
every school receive an excellent edu-
cation. 
For more than a decade, Washington 
has been micromanaging our class-rooms. Federal rules now dictate how States and local communities measure student achievement, fix broken schools, spend taxpayer resources, and hire and fire their teachers. 
No Child Left Behind was based on 
good intentions, but it was also based on the flawed premise that Washington knows what students need to succeed in school. 
And what do we have to show for it? 
Less than half of all fourth and eighth graders are proficient in reading and math. An achievement gap continues to separate poor and minority students from their more affluent peers. In some neighborhoods, children are far more likely to drop out of high school than earn a diploma. 
Parents, teachers, superintendents, 
and other education leaders have been telling us for years that the top-down approach to education is not working. Yet some still believe that more pro-grams, more mandates, and more bu-reaucrats will help get this right. Well, those days will soon be over. 
Today, we turn the page on the failed 
status quo and turn over to our Na-tion’s parents and our State and local leaders the authority, flexibility, and certainty they need to deliver children an excellent education. 
We reached this moment because re-
placing No Child Left Behind has long been a leading priority for House Re-publicans. For years, we have fought to improve K–12 education with three basic principles: reducing the Federal role, restoring local control, and em-powering parents. The final bill by the House and Senate conference com-mittee reflects these principles. 
The bill reduces the Federal role in 
K–12 education by repealing dozens of ineffective programs which place un-precedented restrictions on the Sec-retary of Education; eliminating one- size-fits-all schemes around account-ability and school improvement, end-ing the era of high-stakes testing; and preventing this administration and fu-ture administrations from coercing or incentivizing States to adopt Common Core. 
The bill restores local control by pro-
tecting the right of States to opt out of Federal education programs and by de-livering new funding flexibility so tax-payer resources are better spent on local priorities. 
The conference agreement also re-
turns to States and school districts the responsibility for accountability and school improvement. A set of broad pa-rameters will help taxpayers know that their money is being well spent while ensuring State and local leaders have the authority necessary to run their schools. 
The bill also empowers parents by 
providing moms and dads with the in-formation they need to hold their schools accountable. The conference agreement strengthens school choice 
by reforming programs that affect charter schools and magnet schools, and it prevents any Federal inter-ference with our Nation’s private schools and home schools. 
Reducing the Federal role, restoring 
local control, empowering parents— these are the principles we have fought for because these are the principles that will help give every child a shot at a quality education. 
Now, let me be clear. This is not a 
perfect bill. To make progress, you find common ground. But make no mistake, we compromised on the detail, but we did not compromise on the principles. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
are tired of waiting for us to replace a flawed education law. They are tired of the Federal intrusion, of the condi-tional waivers, and of the Federal coer-cion. Most importantly, they are tired of seeing their kids being trapped in failing schools. 
Let’s do the job we were sent here to 
do. Let’s replace No Child Left Behind with new policies that are based on principles we believe in. 
For these reasons, I strongly urge my 
colleagues to support this conference agreement. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I am honored to endorse the con-
ference report on S. 1177, the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
We have certainly come a long way 
since we were on the floor debating H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, earlier this year. I had sincere objections to much that was found in H.R. 5, but thanks to the commitment to work to-gether to try to fashion a decent bill with Chairman K
LINE and our counter-
parts in the Senate, Senator A LEX-
ANDER and Senator M URRAY , along with 
the many long nights from our respec-tive staffs, we found a way to produce a conference report that balances the desire for more localized decision-making with the need for Federal over-sight to ensure equity for underserved students. 
This conference report is the embodi-
ment of what we can do when we work together in Washington—a workable compromise that does not force either side to desert its core beliefs. 
Mr. Speaker, the modern Federal role 
in elementary and secondary education began with the promise in Brown v. Board of Education when a unanimous Supreme Court held that, in 1954, ‘‘it is doubtful that any child may reason-ably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an edu-cation’’ and that ‘‘such an opportunity is a right which must be made avail-able to all on equal terms.’’ 
Yet, despite the Brown decision, our 
education system has remained fun-damentally unequal. That inequality is virtually guaranteed by the fact that we fund education basically by the real estate tax, guaranteeing that wealthier areas will have more funds than low-in-
come areas. 
Across the Nation, gaps in equity 
persist. These gaps made it impossible to realize the opportunity of an edu-cation to all on equal terms because too many schools lacked the basic re-sources necessary for success. Too many schools failed children year after year. 
And these gaps disproportionately af-
fected the politically disconnected: those in poverty, racial minorities, stu-dents with disabilities, and English language learners. This was unaccept-able. 
In 1965, Congress addressed the in-
equality by passing the first Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act, ESEA, which provided Federal money to address—and I quote from the origi-nal bill—‘‘the special educational needs of children of low-income families and the impact that concentrations of low- income families have on the ability of local educational agencies to support adequate educational programs.’’ 
Simply put, Congress acknowledged 
that the right to an education is a civil right that knows no State boundaries and that the Federal Government has a role to ensure that all States are ful-filling their promises for all of Amer-ica’s children. 
The current iteration of the ESEA, 
No Child Left Behind, has run its course. It is so broken that the admin-istration currently offers over 40 States waivers from its most unwork-able provisions. This has not only cre-ated a great amount of uncertainty for students, parents, educators, and com-munities, but it has also resulted in uneven protections for underserved students and a lack of transparency for our communities. 
This conference report improves upon 
both the current law and the waivers, lives up to the promises of Brown and the intent of the original ESEA, and addresses the key challenges of No Child Left Behind. 
First, the Every Student Succeeds 
Act maintains high standards for all children but allows States to deter-mine those standards in a way that re-quires those standards to be aligned with college readiness. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act re-
quires States to put in place assess-ment, accountability, and improve-ment policies that will close the achievement gap but with locally de-signed, evidence-based strategies that meet the unique needs of students and schools. 
The conference report requires the 
transparent reporting of data to ensure that schools are responsible for not only the achievement of all of their students but also for the equitable allo-cation of resources to support student learning. 
The conference report helps States 
and school districts reduce the overuse of exclusionary policies by allowing the existing funding to be used for the Youth PROMISE plans, which is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.036 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8886 December 2, 2015 
issue I have been working on for many 
years. 
Youth PROMISE plans are com-
prehensive, evidence-based plans that are designed to address neighborhoods with significant crime, teen pregnancy, and other problems, and they are de-signed to reinvest savings generated by those plans to keep the plans working in the future. 
The conference report recognizes the 
importance of early learning, a priority of both red and blue States alike, by authorizing a program to assist States in improving the coordination, quality, improvement, and access to pre-K. 
Most importantly, while many of 
these new systems will be created by the States, under the conference re-port, the Federal Government main-tains the ability to make sure that States and localities are living up to their commitments—that all students are being counted and that schools are being held accountable for their achievement. 
While this conference report is not 
the bill that I would have written alone—or that any Member would have written alone, for that matter—I have no doubt that this bipartisan con-ference report will make a positive dif-ference in the lives of our Nation’s children and will live up to the goal of the original ESEA: making an oppor-tunity for an education available to all on equal terms. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), the chairman of the 
Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education Subcommittee. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I recog-
nize Chairman K
LINE especially for the 
work he has done over a long period of time, 7 years or so, bringing this House, this Congress, to where we are today. It truly is leadership at its best. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s face it. No Child 
Left Behind’s high-stakes testing, which requires every child to be caught up to grade level within 1 year, is sim-ply unworkable, as well-intentioned as it may have been. 
Currently, the Secretary of Edu-
cation, through waivers, can run schools by executive fiat, imposing re-quirements on State testing standards and conditioning receipt of Federal funds on adopting Common Core stand-ards. 
b1445 
It’s time for a positive change, and 
that change is the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. This bill, as pointed out here, as The Wall Street Journal puts it, is the largest transfer of Federal control, Mr. Speaker, to the States in 25 years, where this authority and op-portunity frankly belongs. 
This bill empowers States, and it 
ends the federally mandated high- stakes testing, which is the core, which is the heart of No Child Left Behind, which is causing all the stress that we see from our teachers, our school ad-
ministrators, our parents, and espe-cially our students. If it produced the results that we intended, maybe that is one thing. But all it is producing is stress and an unworkable situation. 
The people who best know how to 
test, how long to test, what to test, et cetera, et cetera, are our parents, our teachers, our voters, our taxpayers, our local school administrators. Let them have this responsibility back. 
It provides flexibility so voters and 
taxpayers, through their locally elect-ed officials, can decide for themselves what success looks like. It recognizes that, when it comes to determining academic standards, States, school ad-ministrators, and parents know what is best. 
It is time we put our children first so 
we can compete in a global, 21st-cen-tury world and win again. It is time we trust parents, teachers, and local edu-cation leaders more than we trust Fed-eral bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. This bill is a huge step in that direc-tion. 
I urge all of my colleagues, Repub-
lican and Democrat, to support it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ), who is the ranking member of 
the subcommittee that reported this bill. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I thank both the chair and ranking 
member for their leadership. It has been a privilege to work on this with both of you. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express 
my strong support for the reauthoriza-tion of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. It is long overdue. For years, our Nation’s students, their par-ents, and teachers have implored Con-gress to address the flaws in No Child Left Behind. 
Today we finally have a bill that ad-
dresses many of the most difficult issues. Though not perfect, this bill is a significant improvement over No Child Left Behind. 
Education is our Nation’s great 
equalizer. Education opens the doors of opportunity to all of our Nation’s chil-dren. This year we commemorated the 50th anniversary of President Johnson signing the original ESEA. 
Fifty years ago, as part of the Great 
Society legislation, we passed ESEA as a civil rights law that affirmed the right of every child to a quality edu-cation. It further underscored the be-lief that poverty should not be an ob-stacle to student success. 
The bill before us protects title I 
funding, ensures equitable allocation of resources to schools. It recognizes the importance of afterschool education and maintains subgroup disaggregation of data for reporting. 
Further, the Student Support and 
Academic Enrichment Grants program is formula based and distributes dollars that fill resource and opportunity gaps based on the need and population. While ESSA does give States and 
local districts more flexibility, it does not absolve the Federal Government of its responsibility to protect the civil rights of underserved students. Make no mistake. The Department of Edu-cation maintains its authority to over-see implementation of the law and take action against States and districts that aren’t honoring the civil rights legacy of the ESEA. 
It was my goal that the final bill pro-
vide equal educational opportunities for all children, regardless of race, eth-nicity, income, language, or disability. I believe the Every Student Succeeds Act achieves this goal by striking a balance in the best interest of all of our Nation’s students. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), a member of 
the Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education Subcommittee of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman K
LINE 
for the opportunity to voice my sup-port for this comprehensive overhaul of No Child Left Behind, which has been a long time in the making. 
As a member of the House Education 
and the Workforce Committee, I can attest to this conference report being the product of many years of hard work. I am happy to have been a con-feree for the Every Student Succeeds Act, which, through a bipartisan agree-ment, provides more flexibility for our States, school districts, educators, par-ents, and students. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act will 
establish a more appropriate Federal role in education by ending the era of mandated high-stakes testing, limiting the power of the Secretary of Edu-cation to dictate cookie-cutter stand-ards, repealing dozens of ineffective and duplicative programs, and ensuring resources are delivered to where they are most effective and necessary. 
I am especially grateful to the con-
ferees for their adoption of an amend-ment that will instruct the Depart-ment of Education to finally study the fairness of the current title I formulas used to offset the effects of poverty upon young learners. 
ESEA, which is celebrating its 50th 
anniversary, was created to provide each student an equal opportunity under the law. But, unfortunately, we are still not targeting those areas with the highest concentration of poverty. 
I am hopeful that we can continue to 
embrace the spirit of ESEA and ensure that we are always working in the di-rection of providing great educational opportunities for all children. 
I want to thank my friend, my col-
league, and my chairman, J
OHNKLINE, 
for his leadership to accomplish this historical education reform. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
conference report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.037 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8887 December 2, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of this legislation. It has been 13 long years since ESEA was rewritten. As we have heard from prior speakers, there are many problems that have been identified with No Child Left Behind, which we have heard from across the board in terms of parents, educators, administrators, and in terms of the need to update and revise this legislation. 
What we also know is that the Amer-
ican economy has changed over the last 13 years and so has the world econ-omy. One of the biggest problems that employers have today is the lack of in-dividuals with degrees in science, tech-nology, engineering, and math, STEM technology. 
The good news is that this bill up-
grades the K–12 system to give kids the tools that they are going to need to succeed with these jobs, which now are growing three times as fast as non- 
STEM jobs. The good news is it pro-vides incomes twice as large as non- STEM jobs. 
So what the bill does is it creates a 
STEM master teacher core, provides professional development training to STEM educators, greater access for thousands of school districts to Federal funding to support STEM programs, in-cluding partnerships with nonprofits. 
It encourages alternative certifi-
cation programs to allow more STEM teachers to come from industry and will retain and provide promising STEM teachers with differential pay. This is what our school systems need and this is what our kids need to have the tools to succeed in the future. 
It is a great achievement that the 
chairman and the ranking member de-fied all the conventional wisdom to get this bill to move forward. It is almost like Pope Francis created some aura that you capitalized on. I mean that sincerely. 
This is an incredible achievement to 
break through the barriers that have prevented us from coming together as an institution to really fix what in many respects is the most important issue, which is creating a future for the kids and our grandchildren. 
I urge strong support of this legisla-
tion. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
commend the gentleman from Con-necticut for mentioning Pope Francis and not mentioning ladies basketball. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), the chair of 
the Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber for doing the Herculean work on this bill, Every Student Succeeds Act, and the conference report. Many, many, many hours and many Con-gresses could not make this happen. They did. My hat is off to them. When I go home to Tennessee and 
talk to the teachers, students, adminis-trators, and the parents, what do I hear? There is too much Federal con-trol, too many forms to fill out, we are teaching to the test, the students are frustrated, the teachers are frustrated. 
Just go sit in front of a group of 
teachers and ask them: Would you be a teacher again? I promise you that over half of them will hold up their hand and say: No. I wouldn’t be a teacher again. 
That is terrible. We have to make an 
environment where the educators are enjoying what they do. 
For the most part, I think teachers 
have one of the most important jobs in this country. I am a product of the public education system, 23 years. If I hadn’t had great teachers, I would not have had the opportunity to be a doc-tor and I wouldn’t have had the oppor-tunity to serve in the U.S. Congress. So I am forever grateful. 
What do we do? What do they say? 
They say: Look, this adequate yearly progress we are being judged on, these tests, as far as our students moving along, the Common Core—I hear that all the time at home—we don’t need a national school board telling us what to teach in our community. 
We heard them. Both sides of the 
aisle heard them and said: Okay. What we will do is we will push that control back down to the local level and you decide what is your curriculum, but you are going to be held accountable for how your student outcomes are. If you have students and minorities, we will be able to ferret those out and im-prove those students’ outcomes. 
We have eliminated or altered 49 dif-
ferent programs into a flexibility grant that will make it easier for the admin-istrators to run their school systems. I think the main thing we want to do at the end of the day is that we want to create an environment where our stu-dents have the best opportunity in the world to achieve because they are now competing on a world basis. 
For that reason, I think this bill does 
that. I encourage my colleagues to vote for this. 
I am proud to stand on the House floor 
today in support of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. Everywhere I go in my district, I hear from teachers, parents, administrators and students, who all tell me that we need to return control to the local level. Just as a one- size-fits-all approach doesn’t work for health care reform, it will not work for education. Each state, school district and student are dif-ferent, and local administrators, teachers and parents—not the federal government—should make decisions based on what’s best for their students. 
There are a lot of good reasons for conserv-
atives to support this bill, because on virtually every account it reduces the federal govern-ment’s ability to control state and local edu-cation. This bill replaces the national account-ability system with a state-led one, ensuring local leaders’ voice is heard. It also eliminates duplicative, expensive and unnecessary pro-grams and replaces them with a Local Aca-demic Flexible Grant, providing funding for 
school systems to better serve and support their students. 
Perhaps most importantly, conservatives 
can feel good about supporting this because of how far it goes in stopping the federal gov-ernment’s intrusion into academic standards and curriculum, and in particular the adoption of the Common Core State Standards Initia-tive. While these standards were developed in a process that began as a state-led initiative, in recent years concern has increased as the Department of Education has been coercing states into adopting these standards as a con-dition of getting education waivers and grants. The bill would take away the Department’s ability to require Common Core as a condition of federal grants, which ensures the decision on whether or not to adopt Common Core will truly be left up to the states—as it should be. If you claim to be concerned about or opposed to Common Core, then you must support this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, a lot of people ask me, why 
does it matter whether we agree on education policy? Well, on my way home after work just the other evening, I met a boy at the grocery stow who was looking for some items on the shelves. He asked me for help in locating crushed pineapples because he told me he couldn’t read the words. So I helped him and we found the crushed pineapples. But it hit me—this is why we want to invest in edu-cation. We have to have a system that en-sures that boy and thousands of other kids just like him are given the opportunity to suc-ceed in life, and that starts with a good edu-cation. We have a great opportunity to start helping that child by agreeing to this bill, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to make that happen. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ), a former 
educator herself. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I stand in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act. I want to thank Chair-men A
LEXANDER and K LINE and Rank-
ing Members M URRAY and S COTT for 
their yearlong work on this bill. 
At its heart, the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act is a civil rights law based on a simple, yet pow-erful, promise made to all American children. It is a promise that, no mat-ter where you live, what you look like, or what resources you have, you de-serve a quality education. 
Unfortunately, No Child Left 
Behind’s one-size-fits-all approach de-railed the fulfillment of this promise by creating an untenable environment of excessive, high-stakes testing that undermines educators’ ability to serve their students. 
While not perfect, the Every Student 
Succeeds Act is a substantial improve-ment that takes us one step closer to delivering on the promise of a quality education. 
ESSA will provide schools with the 
resources and guidelines they need to deliver on this promise by directing re-sources to the children most in need and allowing school districts the flexi-bility to use title IV funds in a way that best works for their students. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.038 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8888 December 2, 2015 
As someone who has dedicated my 
life to dropout prevention, I am over-joyed to see this bill includes my amendment allowing title IV funds to be used for dropout prevention and re-entry programs. But this is just the first step for our children. 
It is the champions of our children’s 
education—the teachers, the parents, the principals, and the mentors—who will create an environment of learning. That environment will ensure that our children’s hearts and minds are posi-tively shaped by our collective wisdom, our support, and our love. 
I want to thank the teachers and par-
ents across our Nation and especially in Florida for their work and commit-ment. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
conference report and stand united for a single purpose: our children. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ), a member of the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
As a father of three children who 
have attended public schools, I know the importance of allowing those who know our students best to be the deci-sionmakers. 
I want to thank everybody who is in-
volved in educating our children. My wife and I certainly appreciate those who have sacrificed so much time to take care of our children. 
Since coming to Congress, I have 
heard from parents, teachers, school board members, and school leaders that No Child Left Behind is not producing the results our children need. 
b1500 
States and local school districts need 
flexibility to deliver a quality edu-cation to our students. This agreement does just that. It gets the Federal Gov-ernment out of our classrooms and puts the decisionmaking back in the hands of our State and local leaders. 
This agreement prevents the Sec-
retary from legislating through execu-tive fiat. It prohibits the Secretary from adding new requirements through regulations and from adding new re-quirements as a condition of approval of a State plan. 
As a Member of the House Committee 
on Education and the Workforce and a conferee on this agreement, I am pleased with the determination of my colleagues in this Congress to move be-yond the failed policies of No Child Left Behind. Our children deserve a quality education, and this bill is a step in the right direction. 
Mr. Speaker, I do want to thank the 
chairman and the ranking member and those in the Senate for all their hard work. I know the staff from both sides, people that we get to work with every day who work hard for the people of this country and who have worked hard for our children. I appreciate the hard work they have done in bringing this 
agreement to where we are today. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
conference agreement. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). 
Mr. TAKANO. I thank the gentleman 
from Virginia for yielding time. 
Mr. Speaker, as a former public 
schoolteacher for 24 years, I am proud to rise in support of this bill, which will improve our schools, offer more support to teachers, and, most impor-tantly, provide more students the edu-cation they deserve. 
Having served in the classroom dur-
ing the implementation of No Child Left Behind, I can say without hesi-tation that our current education sys-tem needs a reset. 
While well-intentioned, No Child Left 
Behind created a punitive approach to education policy that punishes under-performing schools instead of helping them to improve. That rigid, test-driv-en approach to accountability, com-bined with heavyhanded intervention from the Federal Government, has failed to close the achievement gaps in our country. 
This reauthorization replaces our 
test-and-punish system with a more flexible test-and-reveal approach that returns decisionmaking to States and school districts. It will empower edu-cators who best understand their stu-dents’ needs to develop new ways to meet local challenges. 
I am also pleased this bill increases 
overall education funding and ensures States are maintaining their invest-ments in schools. 
As a teacher, I might not give this 
bill an A-plus, but it is a solid bipar-tisan compromise, and it is an overdue replacement for a status quo that we all know is unacceptable. For that rea-son, I give this bill a passing grade. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. M
ESSER ), another member of 
the committee. 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I have 
not heard from one parent, student, or teacher who likes No Child Left Be-hind. Despite what may have been the best of intentions, its one-size-fits-all mandates led to Federal Government micromanagement in the classroom, overtested kids, and anxiety-ridden teachers, but, sadly, no significant im-provement in student outcomes. 
That is why virtually everyone wants 
to repeal No Child Left Behind. Today we have an opportunity to do just that by supporting the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. It is a new approach to the Federal role in education. If you read it, there is a lot to like in the bill. 
By voting for this bill, we can end 
Federal Common Core mandates and stop the march towards a Federal cur-riculum. We can end high-stakes test-ing and abolish the unworkable ade-quate yearly progress metrics. Best of all, we can give power over education back to the people we trust: the par-ents, the teachers, and the local school 
administrators who are best positioned to make good decisions for our kids. 
Access to a quality education is the 
gateway to opportunity in modern America. We still have a long way to go before we can make sure every child has that kind of access, but the Every Student Succeeds Act is a big step in the right direction. 
I urge my colleagues for their sup-
port. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the Demo-
cratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank Mr. S COTT for 
yielding. I want to thank Mr. K LINE, 
the chairman of the committee, and Ranking Member S
COTT for their work 
on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, Frederick Douglass was 
born a slave on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. He became one of the great leaders in our country. Obviously, he worked hard with Abraham Lincoln to see the issuing of the Emancipation Proclamation. He said this: ‘‘It is easi-er to build strong children than to re-pair broken men.’’ 
This bill is about investment in the 
future, investment in children. Invest-ing in elementary and secondary edu-cation is one of the most consequential acts we will undertake in this House. The impact of our investments in edu-cation will be felt long after we are gone. It will have a significant bearing on the future well-being of our econ-omy and our democracy. 
I want to thank Chairman K
LINE and 
Ranking Member S COTT, as well as 
Senators L AMAR ALEXANDER and P ATTY  
MURRAY , the chair and ranking mem-
ber of the Senate HELP Committee, for their extraordinary efforts on this bill. 
This is a bipartisan bill. We worked 
together. Frankly, we had a little trou-ble working together here, but they worked together there, and then we worked together here. It is turning out well. 
My friend indicated that he would 
not give this bill an A-plus. I was try-ing to reflect on any bill that I have ever voted on that I would give an A- plus to. It is not a perfect bill, but it represents a reasonable compromise that will strengthen elementary and secondary education in this country, provide certainty going forward, and help prepare the next generation of students—no matter who they are, how they learn, or where they live—for suc-cess in college, in their careers, in their vocations, and as future innovators and entrepreneurs in our economy. 
I am particularly proud—and I thank 
Mr. S
COTT, and I thank also the two 
Senate leaders, as well as Mr. K LINE— 
that this conference report includes the Full-Service Community Schools program, which I have championed for several years. 
My wife, Judy, was an early child-
hood educator and administrator in Prince George’s County, Maryland. She 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.040 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8889 December 2, 2015 
died over 18 years ago. It is from her, 
however, that I first learned of the po-tential of full-service community schools, and our State has very suc-cessfully created a network of schools using this integrated approach named in her memory. 
There will be 52 Judy Centers around 
our State for 3- and 4-year-olds. Some of them are privately funded, they are so popular, some publicly funded, and some in partnership. These Judy Cen-ters enable low-income families with very young children to access a range of critical services all in one place. When starting kindergarten, children whose families participated in Judy Center programs performed better than those whose families did not. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
OLD). The time of the gentleman has 
expired. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Judy Centers are help-
ing to close that gap. 
In closing, I urge my colleagues to 
vote for this bill because it is a step forward. It is an indication, as well, that we can work in a bipartisan fash-ion to the benefit of the people we rep-resent. I urge my colleagues to vote for this conference report. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), a member of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in strong support of the Every Student Succeeds Act. I want to thank my colleagues on the Committee on Education and the Workforce for their tireless efforts to improve K–12 education for all students, especially Chairman K
LINE, Chairman R OKITA , 
and Ranking Members S COTT and 
FUDGE . 
Throughout this process, we have 
identified the successes and failures of No Child Left Behind. This agreement allows us to capture the spirit of that last ESEA reauthorization: education is the great civil rights issue of our time, and every child in this country can learn, no matter the color of their skin, the ZIP Code they live in, the language their parents speak, or their income level. 
We also learned from the failures of 
No Child Left Behind that led to an overly rigid, one-size-fits-all account-ability system, inevitably giving the Federal Government an outsized role in public education. That is why the legis-lation before us today returns decision-making authority to States and local school districts, empowering commu-nities and giving America’s teachers the respect they deserve. 
I am especially pleased that the bill 
we are considering today includes my amendment, which will ensure that children learning English are counted without being counted out, and that the teachers and schools who serve them are given more time to help these students succeed. As a former member of the Miami- 
Dade County School Board, I am proud to have been a part of this process as a conferee. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bipartisan compromise. This agreement promotes school choice, empowers local leaders, and, most importantly, puts children, not Washington bureaucrats, at the center of America’s education system. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
could you advise us how much time is still available on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has 13
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Min-nesota has 14
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, the stu-
dents, educators, parents, and school board members I have spoken with over the years have been waiting for this day, and I am glad we are finally reach-ing agreement on a new education law, and we are going to leave behind No Child Left Behind. 
It was a well-intentioned law. Its 
goal was to create more equitable edu-cation for children across the country, but it resulted in too much emphasis on one-size-fits-all mandates and inter-ventions, and the adequate yearly progress requirements caused too much focus on high-stakes testing. Change is long overdue. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act re-
turns flexibility to States and school districts to design interventions that address the specific needs of their schools. Importantly, it has States use multiple measures of academic progress in their accountability sys-tems so no schools will be punished for the performance of students on a single exam. They can focus on addressing re-source inequalities and improving school climate and delivering access to advanced coursework and rich cur-ricula. 
After hearing frequent concerns from 
students and teachers about the need for fewer, better assessments, I am pleased that the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act includes a bipartisan provi-sion I authored with Congressman R
YANCOSTELLO to help school districts 
eliminate unnecessary testing. 
The bill also improves STEM learn-
ing by encouraging the incorporation of art, music, and design. A well-round-ed education that teaches our students to think creatively is good for their fu-tures and good for the innovation econ-omy. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act has 
States set high standards for students. It requires States and school districts to intervene in schools where students have poor academic outcomes and where subgroups of students, such as English learners, low-income students, or students of color, lag behind their peers. 
The law we are voting on today is 
true to the legacy of the original Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act and its goal of closing achievement 
gaps and promoting equitable opportu-nities and outcomes for students. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Chairman 
K
LINE and Chairman A LEXANDER and 
Ranking Members S COTT and M URRAY  
and their very hardworking staffs for their commitment to this bipartisan accomplishment. 
I support the Every Student Succeeds 
Act and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, in an effort 
to balance the speakers on each side, I will reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ). 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank the gentleman not only for yielding, but for his and Chairman K
LINE’s hard work on this bill. 
I rise today in support of the Every 
Student Succeeds Act. Defending pub-lic education is one of the reasons that I came to Congress. For years, we have witnessed a negative impact on public education, from underfunding our schools to stripping teachers of their rights to collectively bargain for fair pay and conditions, like in my home State of Wisconsin. 
b1515 
At the same time, punitive policies 
which limit teachers’ and administra-tors’ abilities to manage their class-rooms have further hampered student achievement. It is past time we renew the promise of an ESEA which has stu-dents’ best interests at heart. 
I meet with teachers and administra-
tors from Wisconsin’s Second Congres-sional District regularly and was stunned when I was told that one-third of a school’s staff turned over last year because schools lack the financial sup-port and autonomy they need to give students the educational experience they deserve. Teachers are being asked to do more with less, and it is coming at the expense of our kids’ education. 
While this bill is not perfect, I am 
pleased that we are finally discussing a bill today that aims to put students first and trusts our teachers, who dedi-cate their careers to education. This bill trusts and empowers teachers to ensure their voices are heard on the Federal, State, and local level, while increasing teacher quality and profes-sional development and reducing the burden of testing in schools. 
These are good improvements, Mr. 
Speaker, good for our Nation’s chil-dren. And that is why I support this bill. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ISHOP ), another member of 
the committee. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I would too like to voice my appre-ciation to Chairman K
LINE and the 
ranking member for their hard work on this legislation. 
I am a father of three children in the 
K–12 education system in my home-town. And I think all of us would agree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.042 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8890 December 2, 2015 
here that we have a moral obligation 
to ensure the best possible educational environment for our children. 
Unfortunately, the past 25 years have 
seen student achievement actually go down. We can blame that on a lot of things. There is plenty of blame to go around. But the best question that we can ask today is: What is Congress going to do about it? 
And the answer, I believe, begins 
with the Every Student Succeeds Act. It is a bipartisan bill that helps to limit the role of Federal bureaucrats, restore local control, and empower par-ents. 
The Wall Street Journal has called 
this ‘‘the largest shift of Federal con-trol to the States in a quarter-cen-tury.’’ And they are precisely correct. It gives more flexibility back to local school districts and gives States the right to set their own standards. So if a State wants out of Common Core, they would have the option to do that. 
What is more, parents can get infor-
mation on local school performance so they can do what is best for their chil-dren. And when it comes to holding schools accountable, State and local leaders will get that responsibility 
back, as they should. 
But, above all, this bill replaces the 
No Child Left Behind Act. I think we can all agree that our current system is broken. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. So let’s 
make a difference here today and adopt a smart public policy. Do it for our children. Make sure that they have an excellent education. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank Chairman K LINE and 
Ranking Member S COTT for their lead-
ership on this bill and for proving that Congress can listen to our educators, administrators, and communities and put the needs of our students first. 
We all know that a great country de-
serves great schools. And I am pleased to join champions of education in both Chambers, both sides of the aisle, in supporting this blueprint for schools that invites every child to participate, no matter a child’s income, race, ZIP Code, or disability. 
This bill helps fulfill the unrealized 
promise of No Child Left Behind by protecting resources for schools in un-derserved communities. It provides ac-countability and equality of access while reducing reliance on high-stakes tests. It creates opportunities for our most vulnerable students—homeless and foster youth—who have suffered abuse and those who have experienced trauma. And, for the first time, we have a bill that invests in early learn-ing through Preschool Development Grants. This legislation brings us closer to 
ensuring that every child gets a fair shot at their dream. 
I thank my colleagues for their work 
and commitment to our country’s chil-dren and to our economic future. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ). 
Ms. ADAMS. I thank the gentleman 
from Virginia for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 played a major role in ensuring all students have access to quality education. Be-cause of this legislation, over the past 50 years, we have made remarkable progress in closing the achievement gap that plagues many low-income stu-dents. However, we still have a lot of work to do. 
The last reauthorization, No Child 
Left Behind, was signed into law in 2002 
and hasn’t been updated since. In that time, we have seen many changes in our education system and the needs of our students and educators, in addition to the unintended consequences of No Child Left Behind. 
So I am proud today that we are fi-
nally moving forward with a bipartisan bill that keeps the best interests of American students and educators in mind. The Every Student Succeeds Act is a true embodiment of what a strong-er reauthorized Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act should look like. 
This legislation upholds the key prin-
ciples of equal access to education for all, rich or poor, and upholds account-ability systems that ensure success. From promoting access to early edu-cation to supporting our neediest stu-dents and our teachers and investing in STEM education, this legislation puts our students first and helps to close achievement gaps. 
Our children are our future. Edu-
cating them shouldn’t be a Democrat or a Republican issue. So I urge all of my colleagues to support our students by supporting this critical bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the chairman as 
well as the ranking member for their hard work on this bill. Thank you for getting us to this important day. 
Today, I rise in support of the Every 
Student Succeeds Act. This bicameral legislation improves K–12 education by repealing No Child Left Behind and scales back Washington’s role in edu-cation by restoring authority to those who know our students best. 
As we have seen, the current top- 
down approach is not working. The arms of Washington have extended far too long into the classroom. We need a change; American students deserve a change. And the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act is a powerful step forward in reforming our educational system. 
This legislation stops Federal micro-
management of local schools, gets rid of unnecessary programs, downsizes 
the Federal education bureaucracy, places new restrictions on the author-ity of the Secretary of Education, and, most importantly, restores control back to the local level, letting States and school districts address the needs of our students. 
Teachers, school officials, and par-
ents have an ear to the ground each day. They know what our school-children need to succeed. This is what I hear every time I am in the district. Washington bureaucrats do not belong in the classroom. 
I am proud to support this legislation 
that gives students the tools they need for a successful future. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the con-ference report. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time is re-maining on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has 7 minutes re-maining, and the gentleman from Min-nesota has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to say what a 
pleasure it is to be here to support the Every Student Succeeds Act, having spent much of my first year in the dis-trict going to school districts and schools. 
And I will be able to go back in the 
coming weeks and say that we have this bipartisan compromise through the hard work of Chairman K
LINE and 
Ranking Member S COTT and Chairman 
ALEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY. So I congratulate and thank them 
for their hard work. 
I am also pleased to see that a num-
ber of priorities I share with my Demo-cratic and Republican colleagues were included in the final version of the landmark bill. 
The conference report for Every Stu-
dent Succeeds Act sets national edu-cation standards that ensure all Amer-ican students, regardless of geography, socioeconomic status, race, or gender, receive a quality education. 
Included in the bill are several meas-
ures that I am proud to have worked on with colleagues which are meant to protect students. I am pleased that a number of them, such as promoting ef-ficient and effective Head Start pro-grams, protecting student athletes from concussions, and providing stu-dents with academic and extra-curricular support beyond the normal school day, which we know is impor-tant, were included. 
While the concussion-related provi-
sions of the bill are an important first step, it does not go far enough to com-bat the devastating physical and neu-rological impacts of brain injuries like those we recently heard about sus-tained by Hall of Fame football player Frank Gifford. There is a demonstrated need for increased vigilance and im-proved education on this important 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.043 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8891 December 2, 2015 
topic, and I look forward to working 
with my colleagues on this and other issues. 
Again, I want to thank the chairman 
and the ranking member, and I urge all my colleagues to support this very im-portant piece of legislation. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, when ESEA 
was first signed in 1965, it was a crit-ical piece of civil rights legislation. In fact, when President Lyndon Johnson signed the bill, he said it bridges the gap between helplessness and hope for millions of students affected by it. 
The bill before us today maintains 
President Johnson’s commitment to the achievement of every child, regard-less of race, socioeconomic back-ground, or ZIP Code. 
Many of my colleagues have talked 
about the new flexibility provided in the bill. Well, that is true, but it is flexibility to meet the learning needs of every kid, not the flexibility to fail. 
Flexibility does not mean freedom 
from responsibility. States are ac-countable for the achievement of each and every child under this bill, and I am confident that President Obama wouldn’t sign any bill that doesn’t maintain strong civil rights protec-tions. And I would never support a bill that would allow students to be swept under the rug. 
This bill upholds the spirit of the 
original Elementary and Secondary Education Act. I am proud to support it today and support innovative solu-tions to improve the opportunities for learning that every child in our coun-try has. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, a lot has been said 
about the work being done in this com-mittee. I think it is important to point out that the chair and I didn’t do all this work. His staff, Senator M
URRAY ’s 
staff, and Senator A LEXANDER ’s staff 
worked hard. 
I would like to read the names of 
some of the members of my staff that worked on this legislation, starting with Denise Forte, Brian Kennedy, Jacque Chevalier, Helen Pajcic, Chris-tian Haines, Kevin McDermott, Alex Payne, Kiara Pesante, Arika Trim, Rayna Reid, Michael Taylor, Austin Barbera, and Veronique Pluviose. 
Also, House Legislation Council staff 
Anna Shpak, Susan Fleishman, and Brendan Gallagher worked hard on this legislation; and Congressional Re-search Service staff Becky Skinner and Jody Feder. 
I would like to mention those names 
as hardworking members that have brought about all of this bipartisan co-operation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the dis-
tinguished Democratic leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding and for his extraordinary leadership as the new ranking member on the Education and the Workforce Committee, bringing with him all of his commitment to education in our country as well as his knowledge of the connection of young people to our jus-tice system and how to provide oppor-tunities for them in the safest possible way. I thank Mr. S
COTT for his great 
leadership. 
We are all very, very proud of you. I 
know your predecessor in this role, Mr. George Miller, would be as well. 
b1530 
I thank you, Chairman K
LINE, for 
your leadership as well and for ena-bling this bipartisan legislation to come to the floor. I salute the chair-man and ranking member in the Sen-ate as well. 
Fifty years ago our Nation took a 
bold and historic step forward for edu-cational opportunity, for the strength of our economy, and for the health of our democracy, which is based on an informed electorate, enacting the ESEA. 
Today the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act stands as one of the landmark victories in both the struggle for civil rights and the War on Poverty. 
At the bill signing in 1965, President 
Lyndon B. Johnson, himself a former teacher, explained: ‘‘No law I have signed or will ever sign means more to the future of America.’’ President Johnson added: ‘‘Education is the only valid passport from poverty.’’ 
In addition to what it returns to the 
individual and enables that person to reach his or her aspirations, education brings much to our economy. In fact, nothing brings more to the Treasury of our country than investments in edu-cation, from early childhood education, K–12, which we are addressing today, higher education, postsecondary edu-cation, lifetime learning. 
Indeed, the ESEA’s commitment to 
expanding education access, especially to our most vulnerable students, has proven essential to bridging the gap be-tween poverty and possibility for gen-erations of Americans. 
Yet, for the first time in our Nation’s 
history, more than half of the students attending public school live in poverty. To close the opportunity gap, we must close the education gap that limits the future of so many children and commu-nities. 
Today we are thankful to be passing 
a bipartisan agreement that will strengthen the education of all of our children. It helps States to improve low-performing schools and empowers teachers and administrators with bet-ter training and support. It targets funding to the most at-risk 
and needy students, with enhanced title I investments. It provides vital re-sources for English language learners and homeless youth. 
It amplifies the voices of educators 
and parents, what we have always wanted, schools, a place where children can learn, teachers can teach, and par-ents can participate. It replaces high- stakes testing with State and local dis-trict flexibility. 
We are bolstering our commitment to 
strong STEM, arts, and early education for children in every ZIP code. 
In our area and other parts of the 
country, we call STEM STEAM, Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and Mathematics, all of that re-inforced in this legislation. 
With these improvements in the 
ESEA authorization before us, it is no wonder that this agreement is sup-ported by a far-ranging coalition, in-cluding the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, the Business Roundtable, the National Governors Association, the Leadership Conference of Civil and Human Rights, AFT and NEA, two leading teachers unions, the National Center for Learning Disabilities, and many more. 
We all agree that education is a na-
tional security issue. President Eisen-hower taught us that. It is also an eco-nomic issue. It is one of the most press-ing civil rights issues of our time. 
With this legislation, we help ensure 
that access to high-quality education is the right of every student. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
passing this strong bipartisan reau-thorization of the historic ESEA, the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
Once again I thank the distinguished 
chairman, Mr. K
LINE, and our ranking 
member, of whom we are very, very, proud as well, Mr. S
COTT. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
As has already been pointed out, this 
bill does not include everything every-body wanted. But the civil rights and education community both support the legislation because of the significant civil rights implications in the bill. This will go a long way in giving equal opportunity in education. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  
a long list of education and civil rights organizations that have endorsed the bill. 
ESSA E NDORSEMENT MASTER LIST 
Alliance for Excellent Education (AEE), 
American Federation of School Administra-tors (AFSA), American Federation of Teach-ers (AFT), American Library Association (ALA), Association for Career and Technical Education (ACTE), Association of University Centers on Disabilities (AUCD), Business Roundtable (BRT), Business Civil Rights Co-alition, California Children’s Advocacy Coa-lition, Chiefs for Change (C4C), Communities in Schools (CIS), Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD), Cooperative Council for Oklahoma School Administration (CCOSA), Council for Exceptional Children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.044 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8892 December 2, 2015 
(CEC), Council of Chief State School Officers 
(CCSSO), Council of Parent Attorneys and Advocates (COPAA), Council of the Great City Schools (CGCS), Democrats for Edu-cation Reform (DFER), Easter Seals, Edu-cation Trust. 
Grantmakers in the Arts (GIRTS), Inter-
state Migrant Education Council (IMEC), Knowledge Alliance (KA), Los Angeles Uni-fied School District (LAUSD), Magnet Schools of America (MSA), National Alliance for Public Charter Schools (NAPCS), Na-tional Association of Charter School Author-izers (NACSA), National Association of Councils on Developmental Disabilities (NACDD), National Association of Elemen-tary School Principals (NAESP), National Association of Federally Impacted Schools (NAFIS), National Association of School Psychologists (NASP), National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP), National Association of State Boards of Edu-cation (NASBE), National Center for Learn-ing Disabilities (NCLD), National Center for Special Education in Charter Schools (NCSECS), National Center for Techno-logical Literacy (NCTL), National Council of La Raza (NCLR), National Council of State Legislatures (NCSL), National Disability Rights Network (NDRN), National Education Association (NEA). 
National Governors Association (NGA), 
National PTA, National School Boards Asso-ciation (NSBA), PACER Center, Software & Information Industry Association (SIIA), STEM Education Coalition, Teach For America (TFA), The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights (LCCHR), The School Superintendents Association (AASA), Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America (OU), US Chamber of Commerce, United Way Worldwide. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the chair for his cooperation and hard work, and I urge our Members to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
I want to start by thanking my col-
leagues on the committee in the House and in the Senate, particularly the Ranking Member, Mr. S
COTT, Senators 
ALEXANDER and M URRAY , and their 
staffs. We would absolutely not be here today without their hard work. 
Today is a big day. We have an im-
portant opportunity to approve a bill that will replace No Child Left Behind with new policies that reduce the Fed-eral role, restore local control, and em-power parents, three principles that will help every child in every school re-ceive a quality education. 
This effort began in earnest almost 5 
years ago. It was February 10, 2011, when the Education and the Workforce Committee held its first hearing under the new Republican majority to exam-ine the challenges and opportunities facing K–12 classrooms. 
Since that first hearing, we have held 
dozens of hearings and multiple mark-ups and spent many hours on the floor considering amendments and debating competing ideas for improving edu-cation. All of those efforts are reflected in the final bill we have today. 
Behind all of that hard work was a 
team of dedicated staff. They put in long hours and sacrificed a great deal to draft the House and Senate pro-posals, move them through our respec-
tive committees and chambers, and then went to work developing this bi-partisan, bicameral bill we are dis-cussing today. 
My friend and colleague, the ranking 
member, Mr. S
COTT, talked about 
members of his staff and what a fan-tastic job they have done, and I know from many reports that they put in an awful lot of hours. 
In fact, Mr. Speaker, this process has 
been underway for so long that some staff who started this journey with us have now moved on to other endeavors: former staffers, including James Bergeron, Alex Sollberger, Casey Buboltz, Heather Couri, Dan Shorts, Matt Frame, Angelyn Shapiro, and Barrett Karr. 
And then there are those who are 
with us today and many who have been a part of this effort from the beginning. I wish I had time to recognize every-body, but I have a few minutes and am going to recognize quite a few of them: Republican staff members on our com-mittee, including Janelle Belland, Krisann Pearce, Lauren Aronson, Dominique McKay, Lauren Reddington, Sheariah Yousefi, James Forester, Kathlyn Ehl, Leslie Tatum, Mandy Schaumburg, Brian Newell. 
Of course, I would like to recognize 
the Republican Staff Director, Juliane Sullivan, who always leads the team with patience, skill, and determina-tion; Amy Jones, our education policy staff director, who was a firm, yet fair, negotiator throughout the entire proc-ess. 
And last, but certainly not least, our 
senior education policy advisor is Brad Thomas, sitting here patiently beside me today. According to our most re-cent estimates, Brad has spent more than 60 straight days here at the office working out the details of this final bill. We could not have done it without his knowledge, expertise, and dedica-tion. 
Brad, we are grateful for your serv-
ice. 
Again, because of the hard work of 
both Republican and Democrat staff on the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, as well as the staff of Senators M
URRAY and A LEXANDER , we will soon 
have a new education law that helps every child in every school receive an excellent education. 
I would remind all of my colleagues 
that, when we come in to vote a little later this afternoon, it is a binary choice. You can vote for this new direc-tion, give our children a better oppor-tunity, or you can vote to keep No Child Left Behind the law of the land. It is an either-or choice. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the conference report to accompany S. 1177. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I support the Every Student Succeeds Act. It preserves critical civil rights protections for students, maintains the historic commitment to low-income children and communities, and strikes a delicate balance between federal ac-
countability and state flexibility to meet local needs. I thank Ranking Member B
OBBY SCOTT  
and Chairman K LINE—as well as the former 
Committee leaders George Miller and Buck McKeon—for their leadership. This is not a perfect bill, but it is a good bill. It represents an improvement over the current waiver proc-ess and over the outdated, one-size-fits-all, punitive No Child Left Behind law. I especially am proud that the bill includes multiple provi-sions that I have championed for years. 
Foremost, the bill maintains federal account-
ability in public education. The Elementary and Secondary Education Act at its heart is a civil rights law, and, as such, it is essential that the federal government provide oversight to en-sure equal educational opportunity under the law. Although the bill transfers considerable power to the states to oversee their improve-ment and limits some Secretarial authority, it requires states to take action in every school in which any group of students is consistently underperforming under the state’s account-ability system, in all high school dropout fac-tories where one-third or more of students fail 
to graduate, and in the lowest-performing 5 percent of schools. 
The bill enhances transparency into the 
educational success of vulnerable students. Many years ago, I wanted to know how Afri-can American boys were doing in school only to learn that we did not know because we did not collect student data in a way to answer that question. I have fought to change this be-cause we cannot develop educational inter-ventions to help students—especially vulner-able students—if we lack a clear under-standing of how various groups of students are learning. This bill requires reporting of out-comes and indicators by important student characteristics to inform our understanding of student learning and direct interventions. 
Further, the bill adds to the our under-
standing of student experiences by including critical information about discipline practices, including rate of suspensions, expulsions, re-ferrals to law enforcement, and school-related arrests. Given that African Americans—espe-cially African-American boys—disproportion-ately experience harsh discipline that contrib-utes to the school-to-prison pipeline, clear in-formation about actual practice is key. Impor-tantly, the bill also discourages the overuse of exclusionary and dangerous discipline prac-tices by requiring state plans to describe how they will improve learning by decreasing such practices. Similarly, the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act promises to improve the school en-vironment for students by decreasing bullying. For over a decade I have led a bill to direct greater federal resources to promote bullying- free learning environments. In addition to re-quiring states and districts to report incidents of discipline, bullying, and harassment, the bill provides funding for states and localities to im-plement evidenced-based positive behavioral interventions and supports and other success-ful approaches that improve behavior, reduce harsh discipline, and decrease bullying and harassment so that teachers can teach and students can learn. 
The bill addresses key educational chal-
lenges for foster youth for which I have advo-cated, including: ensuring that foster youth can remain in their current school when they enter care or change placements when doing so is in their best interest; allowing immediate en-rollment in a new school, prompt access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.009 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8893 December 2, 2015 
educational records, and assistance in trans-
ferring and recovering credits to remain on track for graduation; assuring a point of con-tact for foster youth within the education sys-tem when such a contact exists in the cor-responding child welfare agency; requiring school districts and child welfare agencies to work together to ensure funding for transpor-tation exists to allow students to remain in their schools of origin and to remove negative effects of unreliable transportation; and man-dating that the Department of Education and Health and Human Services report on the progress made in and remaining barriers to addressing educational stability. Further, the bill requires states and localities to report on the student outcomes of foster youth and homeless youth to better understand their educational attainment. 
The bill provides critical protections for stu-
dents with disabilities that I have promoted, such as advancing high learning standards for students with the most significant disabilities. It caps the use of alternative, less-rigorous tests for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities at one percent of all students and prohibits states from counting lesser creden-tials as a regular high school diploma. 
The bill does many additional important 
things. It invests in teachers by improving pro-fessional supports, recognizing that states and localities are better-suited to implement teach-er evaluations than federal officials, and re-quiring collaboration with teachers and the prohibition on overturning existing collective bargaining agreements if states voluntarily de-velop teacher evaluation programs. It helps improve equitable distribution of resources among school districts, promotes responsible testing policies that reduce over-testing and discourage the use of tests for high-stakes de-cisions, expands early childhood education, in-creases federal investment in education, and maintains the historic and necessary state fi-nancial commitment to education. 
This bill does raise concerns and the need 
for vigilance. With the greater responsibility given to states, there is a heightened need for monitoring by the federal government, advo-cates, and the civil rights community to ensure that critical supports go to the schools and students in need to close achievement gaps and improve learning. 
This is not a perfect bill, but it is a good bill 
that advances educational opportunity. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting its pas-sage. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
today to support the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
This bipartisan bill will end the unworkable, 
one-size-fits all No Child Left Behind Act and give control of our kids’ education back to our states, local school districts, teachers, and parents. I have always believed that edu-cational decisions are best left to the people who are closest to the students, and that means moving power out of Washington, D.C. and back into our own communities. 
It restores state and local control by allow-
ing states to opt out of federal education pro-grams, protecting states’ abilities to control their own standards and assessments, and providing school districts with more funding flexibility. 
It empowers parents by preventing federal 
interference in private and home schools, pro-moting school choice by strengthening charter and magnet schools, and allowing funds in eli-
gible school districts to follow students to the schools they actually attend. 
And, it includes unprecedented restrictions 
on the Secretary of Education’s authority, and prevents the federal government from requir-ing or coercing states to adopt the Common Core curriculum. 
Most importantly, it reauthorizes the 21st 
Century Community Learning Centers (21st CCLC) program as a separate and directed federal funding stream under Title IV. 
The 21st CCLC program is the only federal 
funding source for our nation’s afterschool pro-grams, which students and working families across America rely on each and every day. In my district in Pennsylvania, the program pro-vides 49 percent of total funding for SHINE, or ‘‘Schools and Homes In Education,’’ a suc-cessful afterschool educational program in Carbon and Luzerne counties. 
I have worked on SHINE for many years 
back home with my friend, state Senator John Yudichak—a Democrat—because helping our kids succeed should always be a bipartisan cause. And, we have succeeded in making it one today. 
Afterschool programs like SHINE are known 
to improve academic achievement, increase school attendance, and engage families in education. They also keep our kids safe re-sulting in lower incidences of drug-use and vi-olence. 
Where I’m from in Pennsylvania, this is ex-
tremely important. Gangs have become a big and persistent problem in some of our neigh-borhoods. 
In the end, this is truly a banner day for the 
school children of northeastern Pennsylvania and across the country. SHINE and countless other afterschool programs have touched so many families and given kids education oppor-tunities they otherwise would not have had. 
I know these programs help families and I 
can assure my constituents that I will continue to advocate and support afterschool programs here in Congress both now and in the future. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to express my support for the Every Student Succeeds Act. This bill is a much-needed improvement to No Child Left Behind (NCLB). The fundamental purpose of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) was created to ensure that disadvan-taged children are provided a high-quality edu-cation that allows them to compete on a level playing field with their more-advantaged peers. I believe this bill is a step in the right direction. 
I believe No Child Left Behind (NCLB) is 
flawed and must be reformed. Reauthorization presents a tremendous opportunity to make much-needed improvements and brings our education system into the 21st century. 
For too many years, Congress has stalled in 
updating the standards for our nation’s stu-dents. I applaud the efforts of this body for working across the aisle to make sure that every student has the tools they need to suc-ceed. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act strength-
ens critical programs and uses funds for the promotion of innovation, increased access to STEM education, arts education, literacy, com-munity involvement in schools, teacher quality, and other important programs. 
This conference authorizes the Preschool 
Development Grants program that will supple-ment existing funds to improve coordination, quality and access for early childhood edu-
cation. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for the Every 
Student Succeeds Act and support reauthor-ization that restores our nation’s commitment to providing equal opportunity for all students regardless of their background and protect our country’s students including the most vulner-able, which was the intention of this landmark civil rights law. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Every Student Succeeds Act to finally address serious flaws in federal edu-cation law and reject the old ‘‘one-size-fits-all’’ approach while continuing to hold states and schools accountable for the learning of every child. I thank Ranking Member Bobby Scott for his tireless efforts to support students in un-derserved communities and close the achieve-ment gap. 
Today’s bill provides needed flexibility in the 
classroom while maintaining ‘‘guardrails’’ to make sure that all students have the oppor-tunity to succeed. It scales back the singular focus on high-stakes testing with a broader and more representative accountability system that will help identify and address gaps. It in-cludes evidence-based interventions for schools where students aren’t learning or aren’t graduating. And it targets resources to the students who need them most. 
The bill allows for funding for critical sup-
ports, including mental health, drug and vio-lence prevention, and Youth PROMISE plans. There are resources for a well-rounded edu-cation, including arts, geography, history, and foreign language. Dedicated funding is pre-served for Promise Neighborhoods and Full- Service Community Schools to coordinate services for children and families, and for afterschool programs to provide out-of-school time opportunities. It will be critical to provide adequate funding for these priorities through the appropriations process. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act includes 
important funding for early childhood edu-cation programs that help provide a strong start for children. I strongly support efforts to provide universal pre-K, and today’s bill is a good step to improving coordination of early learning opportunities. Today’s bill is not per-fect, but it is a strong compromise and a crit-ical improvement over current law. As Con-gress has worked to rewrite this law, I am grateful to the teachers, parents, administra-tors, school board members, students, and many others in Maryland schools who have shared their experiences and input with me. I look forward to continuing to work with them to ensure that this legislation is implemented and funded in a way that works for our schools and students. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), a reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) of 1965. The ESEA was a landmark civil rights bill that boosted the academic achievement of low-in-come and minority students, and I am pleased to see its much-needed reauthorization, fol-lowing its previous reauthorization in the 2001 No Child Left Behind Act. I must acknowledge, however, that the ESSA is not a perfect bill. For example, this bill does not require student data to be disaggregated for Asian American and Pacific Islander subgroups, and does not require states to act if federal resources are given inequitably to schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.012 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8894 December 2, 2015 
However, the bill is a significant improve-
ment over the No Child Left Behind Act and the ESEA reauthorization that passed out of the House earlier this year. For example, I was heartened to see that the bill includes academic standards that will prepare students for college and careers, requirements for states to intervene in schools in need of gov-ernment support, removal of No Child Left Behind’s most punitive provisions, and in-creased monitoring, regulation, and focus on the unique needs of English Language Learn-ers. These provisions are critical to helping underserved students achieve academic and lifelong success. 
I was also pleased to see that the ESSA in-
cludes strong language to address violence in our schools and communities. For example, it maintains dedicated funding for afterschool programs and makes violence prevention and trauma support efforts eligible for federal funds, provisions which Congresswoman K
AREN BASS and I urged in a letter to edu-
cation leaders last month. 
For these reasons, I am proud to stand in 
support of this bipartisan legislation in order to improve the quality of education received by our country’s most vulnerable students. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to 
offer the following Joint Statement of Legisla-tive Intent on the Conference Report to ac-company S. 1177, the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act, on behalf of myself and Mr. J
OHN 
KLINE, Chairman of the Education and the 
Workforce Committee. 
JOINT STATEMENT OF LEGISLATIVE INTENT ON  
CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY S . 1177, 
THE EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT  
Like our colleagues, we support this con-
ference report because we believe states and school districts should be left to set their own education priorities. The House-passed bill included strong prohibitions that clearly did just that. The conference report main-tains strong, unprecedented prohibitions on the Secretary of Education. For example, 
Section 1111(e) clearly states the Secretary 
may not add any requirements or criteria outside the scope of this act, and further 
says the Secretary may not ‘‘be in excess of statutory authority given to the Secretary.’’ This section goes on to lay out specific terms the Secretary cannot prescribe, sets clear limits on the guidance the Secretary may offer, and also clearly states that the Sec-retary is prohibited from defining terms that are inconsistent with or outside the scope of this Act. 
Then there are provisions in Titles I and 
VIII that ensure standards and curriculum are left to the discretion of states without federal control or mandates, and the same is true for assessments. 
Finally, the conference report also in-
cludes a Sense of Congress that states and local educational agencies retain the right and responsibility of determining edu-cational curriculum, programs of instruc-tion, and assessments. 
The conference report makes it clear the 
Secretary is not to put any undue limits on the ability of states to determine their account-ability systems, their standards, or what tests they give their students. The clear intent and legislative language of this report devolves au-thority over education decisions back to the states and severely limits the Secretary’s abil-ity to interfere in any way. 
Ensuring a limited role for the U.S. Sec-
retary of Education was a critically important priority throughout the reauthorization process and this agreement meets that priority. For example, the Secretary may not limit the 
ability of states to determine how the meas-ures of student performance are weighted within state accountability systems. The Sec-retary also cannot prescribe school support and improvement strategies, or any aspect of a state’s teacher evaluation system, or the methodology used to differentiate schools in a state. 
Also, the Secretary may not create new pol-
icy by creatively defining terms in the law. Let us say definitively, as the Chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee and Subcommittee Chairman of the subcommittee 
of jurisdiction, this new law reins in the Sec-retary and ensures state and local education officials make the decisions about their schools under this new law. 
Over the past few years, the Secretary has 
exceeded his authority by placing conditions on waivers to states and local educational agencies. The conference report prevents the Secretary from applying any new conditions on waivers or the state plans required in the law by including language that clearly states the Secretary may not add any new conditions for the approval of waivers or state plans that are outside the scope of the law. In plain English, this means if the law does not give the Secretary the authority to require some-thing, then he may not unilaterally create an ability to do that. 
We are glad to be able to support a bill that 
will return control to states, where it should al-ways be, and appreciate the strong support of colleagues as well. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 542, 
the previous question is ordered. 
The question is on the conference re-
port. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 22, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION RE-AUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–360) on the resolution (H. Res. 546) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECU-
RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-
tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the bill, H.R. 8. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
P
OLIQUIN ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 542 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 8. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
D
OLD) kindly take the chair. 
b1541 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manu-facturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other pur-poses, with Mr. D
OLD(Acting Chair) in 
the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, December 1, 2015, all time for general debate pursuant to House Resolution 539 had expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 542, no 
further general debate shall be in order. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–36. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 8 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House 
of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘North American Energy Security and In-frastructure Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—MODERNIZING AND PROTECTING 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
Subtitle A—Energy Delivery, Reliability, and 
Security 
Sec. 1101. FERC process coordination. 
Sec. 1102. Resolving environmental and grid re-
liability conflicts. 
Sec. 1103. Emergency preparedness for energy 
supply disruptions. 
Sec. 1104. Critical electric infrastructure secu-
rity. 
Sec. 1105. Strategic Transformer Reserve. Sec. 1106. Cyber Sense. Sec. 1107. State coverage and consideration of 
PURPA standards for electric utilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.021 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8895 December 2, 2015 
Sec. 1108. Reliability analysis for certain rules 
that affect electric generating fa-cilities. 
Sec. 1109. Carbon capture, utilization, and se-
questration technologies. 
Sec. 1110. Reliability and performance assur-
ance in Regional Transmission Organizations. 
Subtitle B—Energy Security and Infrastructure 
Modernization 
Sec. 1201. Energy Security and Infrastructure 
Modernization Fund. 
Subtitle C—Hydropower Regulatory 
Modernization 
Sec. 1301. Hydroelectric production and effi-
ciency incentives. 
Sec. 1302. Protection of private property rights 
in hydropower licensing. 
Sec. 1303. Extension of time for FERC project 
involving W. Kerr Scott Dam. 
Sec. 1304. Hydropower licensing and process im-
provements. 
Sec. 1305. Judicial review of delayed Federal 
authorizations. 
Sec. 1306. Licensing study improvements. Sec. 1307. Closed-loop pumped storage projects. Sec. 1308. License amendment improvements. Sec. 1309. Promoting hydropower development 
at existing nonpowered dams. 
TITLE II—21ST CENTURY WORKFORCE 
Sec. 2001. Energy and manufacturing workforce 
development. 
TITLE III—ENERGY SECURITY AND 
DIPLOMACY 
Sec. 3001. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 3002. Energy security valuation. Sec. 3003. North American energy security plan. Sec. 3004. Collective energy security. Sec. 3005. Strategic Petroleum Reserve mission 
readiness plan. 
Sec. 3006. Authorization to export natural gas. 
TITLE IV—ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
Subtitle A—Energy Efficiency 
C
HAPTER 1—F EDERAL AGENCY ENERGY  
EFFICIENCY  
Sec. 4111. Energy-efficient and energy-saving 
information technologies. 
Sec. 4112. Energy efficient data centers. Sec. 4113. Report on energy and water savings 
potential from thermal insulation. 
Sec. 4114. Federal purchase requirement. Sec. 4115. Energy performance requirement for 
Federal buildings. 
Sec. 4116. Federal building energy efficiency 
performance standards; certifi-cation system and level for Fed-eral buildings. 
Sec. 4117. Operation of battery recharging sta-
tions in parking areas used by Federal employees. 
C
HAPTER 2—E NERGY EFFICIENT TECHNOLOGY  
ANDMANUFACTURING  
Sec. 4121. Inclusion of Smart Grid capability on 
Energy Guide labels. 
Sec. 4122. Voluntary verification programs for 
air conditioning, furnace, boiler, heat pump, and water heater products. 
Sec. 4123. Facilitating consensus furnace stand-
ards. 
Sec. 4124. Future of Industry program. Sec. 4125. No warranty for certain certified En-
ergy Star products. 
Sec. 4126. Clarification to effective date for re-
gional standards. 
Sec. 4127. Internet of Things report. 
C
HAPTER 3—E NERGY PERFORMANCE  
CONTRACTING  
Sec. 4131. Use of energy and water efficiency 
measures in Federal buildings. 
CHAPTER 4—S CHOOL BUILDINGS  
Sec. 4141. Coordination of energy retrofitting 
assistance for schools. CHAPTER 5—B UILDING ENERGY CODES 
Sec. 4151. Greater energy efficiency in building 
codes. 
Sec. 4152. Voluntary nature of building asset 
rating program. 
CHAPTER 6—EPCA T ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS AND  
CLARIFICATIONS  
Sec. 4161. Modifying product definitions. 
Sec. 4162. Clarifying rulemaking procedures. 
CHAPTER 7—E NERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  
Sec. 4171. Smart energy and water efficiency 
pilot program. 
Sec. 4172. WaterSense. 
Subtitle B—Accountability 
CHAPTER 1—M ARKET MANIPULATION , 
ENFORCEMENT , ANDCOMPLIANCE  
Sec. 4211. FERC Office of Compliance Assist-
ance and Public Participation. 
CHAPTER 2—M ARKET REFORMS  
Sec. 4221. GAO study on wholesale electricity 
markets. 
Sec. 4222. Clarification of facility merger au-
thorization. 
CHAPTER 3—C ODEMAINTENANCE  
Sec. 4231. Repeal of off-highway motor vehicles 
study. 
Sec. 4232. Repeal of methanol study. Sec. 4233. Repeal of residential energy effi-
ciency standards study. 
Sec. 4234. Repeal of weatherization study. Sec. 4235. Repeal of report to Congress. Sec. 4236. Repeal of report by General Services 
Administration. 
Sec. 4237. Repeal of intergovernmental energy 
management planning and coordi-nation workshops. 
Sec. 4238. Repeal of Inspector General audit 
survey and President’s Council on Integrity and Efficiency report to Congress. 
Sec. 4239. Repeal of procurement and identi-
fication of energy efficient prod-ucts program. 
Sec. 4240. Repeal of national action plan for de-
mand response. 
Sec. 4241. Repeal of national coal policy study. Sec. 4242. Repeal of study on compliance prob-
lem of small electric utility sys-tems. 
Sec. 4243. Repeal of study of socioeconomic im-
pacts of increased coal production and other energy development. 
Sec. 4244. Repeal of study of the use of petro-
leum and natural gas in combus-tors. 
Sec. 4245. Repeal of submission of reports. Sec. 4246. Repeal of electric utility conservation 
plan. 
Sec. 4247. Technical amendment to Powerplant 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978. 
Sec. 4248. Emergency energy conservation re-
peals. 
Sec. 4249. Repeal of State utility regulatory as-
sistance. 
Sec. 4250. Repeal of survey of energy saving po-
tential. 
Sec. 4251. Repeal of photovoltaic energy pro-
gram. 
Sec. 4252. Repeal of energy auditor training 
and certification. 
C
HAPTER 4—U SE OF EXISTING FUNDS 
Sec. 4261. Use of existing funds. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL ENERGY SECURITY 
CORRIDORS 
Sec. 5001. Short title. 
Sec. 5002. Designation of National Energy Secu-
rity Corridors on Federal lands. 
Sec. 5003. Notification requirement. 
TITLE VI—ELECTRICITY RELIABILITY AND 
FOREST PROTECTION 
Sec. 6001. Short title. 
Sec. 6002. Vegetation management, facility in-
spection, and operation and main-tenance on Federal lands con-taining electric transmission and distribution facilities. TITLE I—MODERNIZING AND PROTECTING 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
Subtitle A—Energy Delivery, Reliability, and 
Security 
SEC. 1101. FERC PROCESS COORDINATION. 
Section 15 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 
717n) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (b)(2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) O THER AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each Federal and State 
agency considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization shall cooperate with the Commission and comply with the deadlines established by the Commission. 
‘‘(B) I
DENTIFICATION .—The Commission shall 
identify, as early as practicable after it is noti-fied by a prospective applicant of a potential project requiring Commission authorization, any Federal or State agency, local government, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an application for that Federal authorization. 
‘‘(C) N
OTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall no-
tify any agency identified under subparagraph (B) of the opportunity to cooperate or partici-pate in the review process. 
‘‘(ii) D
EADLINE .—A notification issued under 
clause (i) shall establish a deadline by which a response to the notification shall be submitted, which may be extended by the Commission for good cause.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (A); 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-
paragraph (C); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) set deadlines for all such Federal author-
izations; and’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR FEDERAL AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .—A final decision on a Federal authoriza-
tion is due no later than 90 days after the Com-mission issues its final environmental document, unless a schedule is otherwise established by Federal law. 
‘‘(3) C
ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—Each Federal 
and State agency considering an aspect of an application for a Federal authorization shall— 
‘‘(A) carry out the obligations of that agency 
under applicable law concurrently, and in con-junction, with the review required by the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), unless doing so would im-pair the ability of the agency to conduct needed analysis or otherwise carry out those obliga-tions; 
‘‘(B) formulate and implement administrative, 
policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of required Federal authorizations no later than 90 days after the Commission issues its final environmental docu-ment; and 
‘‘(C) transmit to the Commission a statement— ‘‘(i) acknowledging receipt of the schedule es-
tablished under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(ii) setting forth the plan formulated under 
subparagraph (B) of this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(A) I DENTIFICATION .—Federal and State 
agencies that may consider an aspect of an ap-plication for Federal authorization shall iden-tify, as early as possible, any issues of concern that may delay or prevent an agency from work-ing with the Commission to resolve such issues and granting such authorization. 
‘‘(B) I
SSUE RESOLUTION .—The Commission 
may forward any issue of concern identified under subparagraph (A) to the heads of the rel-evant agencies (including, in the case of a fail-ure by the State agency, the Federal agency overseeing the delegated authority) for resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8896 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(5) F AILURE TO MEET SCHEDULE .—If a Fed-
eral or State agency does not complete a pro-ceeding for an approval that is required for a Federal authorization in accordance with the schedule established by the Commission under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) the applicant may pursue remedies under 
section 19(d); and 
‘‘(B) the head of the relevant Federal agency 
(including, in the case of a failure by a State agency, the Federal agency overseeing the dele-gated authority) shall notify Congress and the Commission of such failure and set forth a rec-ommended implementation plan to ensure com-pletion of the proceeding for an approval.’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (d) through 
(f) as subsections (g) through (i), respectively; and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(d) R
EMOTE SURVEYS .—If a Federal or State 
agency considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization requires the applicant to submit environmental data, the agency shall consider any such data gathered by aerial or other remote means that the applicant submits. The agency may grant a conditional approval for Federal authorization, conditioned on the verification of such data by subsequent onsite inspection. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING .—The Commis-
sion, and Federal and State agencies, may allow an applicant seeking Federal authorization to fund a third-party contractor to assist in re-viewing the application. 
‘‘(f) A
CCOUNTABILITY , TRANSPARENCY , EFFI-
CIENCY .—For applications requiring multiple 
Federal authorizations, the Commission, with input from any Federal or State agency consid-ering an aspect of an application, shall track and make available to the public on the Com-mission’s website information related to the ac-tions required to complete permitting, reviews, and other actions required. Such information shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) The schedule established by the Commis-
sion under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A list of all the actions required by each 
applicable agency to complete permitting, re-views, and other actions necessary to obtain a final decision on the Federal authorization. 
‘‘(3) The expected completion date for each 
such action. 
‘‘(4) A point of contact at the agency account-
able for each such action. 
‘‘(5) In the event that an action is still pend-
ing as of the expected date of completion, a brief explanation of the reasons for the delay.’’. 
SEC. 1102. RESOLVING ENVIRONMENTAL AND 
GRID RELIABILITY CONFLICTS. 
(a) C OMPLIANCE WITH OR VIOLATION OF ENVI-
RONMENTAL LAWS WHILE UNDER EMERGENCY  
ORDER .—Section 202(c) of the Federal Power 
Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(c)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(c)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) With respect to an order issued under this 
subsection that may result in a conflict with a requirement of any Federal, State, or local envi-ronmental law or regulation, the Commission shall ensure that such order requires genera-tion, delivery, interchange, or transmission of electric energy only during hours necessary to meet the emergency and serve the public inter-est, and, to the maximum extent practicable, is consistent with any applicable Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation and mini-mizes any adverse environmental impacts. 
‘‘(3) To the extent any omission or action 
taken by a party, that is necessary to comply with an order issued under this subsection, in-cluding any omission or action taken to volun-tarily comply with such order, results in non-compliance with, or causes such party to not comply with, any Federal, State, or local envi-ronmental law or regulation, such omission or action shall not be considered a violation of such environmental law or regulation, or subject such party to any requirement, civil or criminal 
liability, or a citizen suit under such environ-mental law or regulation. 
‘‘(4)(A) An order issued under this subsection 
that may result in a conflict with a requirement of any Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation shall expire not later than 90 days after it is issued. The Commission may renew or reissue such order pursuant to para-graphs (1) and (2) for subsequent periods, not to exceed 90 days for each period, as the Commis-sion determines necessary to meet the emergency and serve the public interest. 
‘‘(B) In renewing or reissuing an order under 
subparagraph (A), the Commission shall consult with the primary Federal agency with expertise in the environmental interest protected by such law or regulation, and shall include in any such renewed or reissued order such conditions as such Federal agency determines necessary to minimize any adverse environmental impacts to the extent practicable. The conditions, if any, submitted by such Federal agency shall be made available to the public. The Commission may ex-clude such a condition from the renewed or re-issued order if it determines that such condition would prevent the order from adequately ad-dressing the emergency necessitating such order and provides in the order, or otherwise makes publicly available, an explanation of such deter-mination. 
‘‘(5) If an order issued under this subsection is 
subsequently stayed, modified, or set aside by a court pursuant to section 313 or any other provi-sion of law, any omission or action previously taken by a party that was necessary to comply with the order while the order was in effect, in-cluding any omission or action taken to volun-tarily comply with the order, shall remain sub-ject to paragraph (3).’’. 
(b) T
EMPORARY CONNECTION OR CONSTRUC -
TION BY MUNICIPALITIES .—Section 202(d) of the 
Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(d)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘or municipality’’ before ‘‘en-gaged in the transmission or sale of electric en-ergy’’. 
SEC. 1103. EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FOR EN-
ERGY SUPPLY DISRUPTIONS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that recent nat-
ural disasters have underscored the importance of having resilient oil and natural gas infra-structure and effective ways for industry and government to communicate to address energy supply disruptions. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR ACTIVITIES TOEN-
HANCE EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FOR NATURAL  
DISASTERS .—The Secretary of Energy shall de-
velop and adopt procedures to— 
(1) improve communication and coordination 
between the Department of Energy’s energy re-sponse team, Federal partners, and industry; 
(2) leverage the Energy Information Adminis-
tration’s subject matter expertise within the De-partment’s energy response team to improve sup-ply chain situation assessments; 
(3) establish company liaisons and direct com-
munication with the Department’s energy re-sponse team to improve situation assessments; 
(4) streamline and enhance processes for ob-
taining temporary regulatory relief to speed up emergency response and recovery; 
(5) facilitate and increase engagement among 
States, the oil and natural gas industry, and the Department in developing State and local en-ergy assurance plans; 
(6) establish routine education and training 
programs for key government emergency re-sponse positions with the Department and States; and 
(7) involve States and the oil and natural gas 
industry in comprehensive drill and exercise programs. 
(c) C
OOPERATION .—The activities carried out 
under subsection (b) shall include collaborative efforts with State and local government officials and the private sector. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a report de-
scribing the effectiveness of the activities au-thorized under this section. 
SEC. 1104. CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE 
SECURITY. 
(a) C RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE SECU-
RITY.—Part II of the Federal Power Act (16 
U.S.C. 824 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 215 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 215A. CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC-
TURE SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
‘‘(1) B ULK-POWER SYSTEM ; ELECTRIC RELI -
ABILITY ORGANIZATION ; REGIONAL ENTITY .—The 
terms ‘bulk-power system’, ‘Electric Reliability Organization’, and ‘regional entity’ have the meanings given such terms in paragraphs (1), (2), and (7) of section 215(a), respectively. 
‘‘(2) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
The term ‘critical electric infrastructure’ means a system or asset of the bulk-power system, whether physical or virtual, the incapacity or destruction of which would negatively affect national security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of such matters. 
‘‘(3) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN -
FORMATION .—The term ‘critical electric infra-
structure information’ means information re-lated to critical electric infrastructure, or pro-posed critical electrical infrastructure, gen-erated by or provided to the Commission or other Federal agency, other than classified national security information, that is designated as crit-ical electric infrastructure information by the Commission under subsection (d)(2). Such term includes information that qualifies as critical energy infrastructure information under the Commission’s regulations. 
‘‘(4) D
EFENSE CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—The term ‘defense critical electric infra-
structure’ means any electric infrastructure lo-cated in the United States (including the terri-tories) that serves a facility designated by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (c), but is not owned or operated by the owner or operator of such facility. 
‘‘(5) E
LECTROMAGNETIC PULSE .—The term 
‘electromagnetic pulse’ means 1 or more pulses of electromagnetic energy emitted by a device capable of disabling or disrupting operation of, or destroying, electronic devices or communica-tions networks, including hardware, software, and data, by means of such a pulse. 
‘‘(6) G
EOMAGNETIC STORM .—The term ‘geo-
magnetic storm’ means a temporary disturbance of the Earth’s magnetic field resulting from solar activity. 
‘‘(7) G
RID SECURITY EMERGENCY .—The term 
‘grid security emergency’ means the occurrence or imminent danger of— 
‘‘(A)(i) a malicious act using electronic com-
munication or an electromagnetic pulse, or a geomagnetic storm event, that could disrupt the operation of those electronic devices or commu-nications networks, including hardware, soft-ware, and data, that are essential to the reli-ability of critical electric infrastructure or of de-fense critical electric infrastructure; and 
‘‘(ii) disruption of the operation of such de-
vices or networks, with significant adverse ef-fects on the reliability of critical electric infra-structure or of defense critical electric infra-structure, as a result of such act or event; or 
‘‘(B)(i) a direct physical attack on critical 
electric infrastructure or on defense critical elec-tric infrastructure; and 
‘‘(ii) significant adverse effects on the reli-
ability of critical electric infrastructure or of de-fense critical electric infrastructure as a result of such physical attack. 
‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Energy. 
‘‘(b) A UTHORITY TOADDRESS GRIDSECURITY  
EMERGENCY .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—Whenever the President 
issues and provides to the Secretary a written 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8897 December 2, 2015 
directive or determination identifying a grid se-
curity emergency, the Secretary may, with or without notice, hearing, or report, issue such or-ders for emergency measures as are necessary in the judgment of the Secretary to protect or re-store the reliability of critical electric infrastruc-ture or of defense critical electric infrastructure during such emergency. As soon as practicable but not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Secretary shall, after notice and opportunity for comment, estab-lish rules of procedure that ensure that such au-thority can be exercised expeditiously. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION OF CONGRESS .—Whenever 
the President issues and provides to the Sec-retary a written directive or determination under paragraph (1), the President shall promptly notify congressional committees of rel-evant jurisdiction, including the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, of the contents of, and justification for, such directive or deter-mination. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—Before issuing an order 
for emergency measures under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable in light of the nature of the grid security emer-gency and the urgency of the need for action, consult with appropriate governmental authori-ties in Canada and Mexico, entities described in paragraph (4), the Electricity Sub-sector Coordi-nating Council, the Commission, and other ap-propriate Federal agencies regarding implemen-tation of such emergency measures. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—An order for emergency 
measures under this subsection may apply to— 
‘‘(A) the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(B) a regional entity; or ‘‘(C) any owner, user, or operator of critical 
electric infrastructure or of defense critical elec-tric infrastructure within the United States. 
‘‘(5) E
XPIRATION AND REISSUANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), an order for emergency measures issued under paragraph (1) shall expire no later than 15 days after its issuance. 
‘‘(B) E
XTENSIONS .—The Secretary may reissue 
an order for emergency measures issued under paragraph (1) for subsequent periods, not to ex-ceed 15 days for each such period, provided that the President, for each such period, issues and provides to the Secretary a written directive or determination that the grid security emergency identified under paragraph (1) continues to exist or that the emergency measure continues to be required. 
‘‘(6) C
OST RECOVERY .— 
‘‘(A) C RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .—If 
the Commission determines that owners, opera-tors, or users of critical electric infrastructure have incurred substantial costs to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under this subsection and that such costs were pru-dently incurred and cannot reasonably be recov-ered through regulated rates or market prices for the electric energy or services sold by such owners, operators, or users, the Commission shall, consistent with the requirements of sec-tion 205, after notice and an opportunity for comment, establish a mechanism that permits such owners, operators, or users to recover such costs. 
‘‘(B) D
EFENSE CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—To the extent the owner or operator of 
defense critical electric infrastructure is re-quired to take emergency measures pursuant to an order issued under this subsection, the own-ers or operators of a critical defense facility or facilities designated by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (c) that rely upon such infrastruc-ture shall bear the full incremental costs of the measures. 
‘‘(7) T
EMPORARY ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFOR -
MATION .—The Secretary, and other appropriate 
Federal agencies, shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with their obligations to protect classified information, provide temporary access to classified information related to a grid secu-
rity emergency for which emergency measures are issued under paragraph (1) to key personnel of any entity subject to such emergency meas-ures to enable optimum communication between the entity and the Secretary and other appro-priate Federal agencies regarding the grid secu-rity emergency. 
‘‘(c) D
ESIGNATION OF CRITICAL DEFENSE FA-
CILITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or oper-ators of infrastructure that may be defense crit-ical electric infrastructure, shall identify and designate facilities located in the United States (including the territories) that are— 
‘‘(1) critical to the defense of the United 
States; and 
‘‘(2) vulnerable to a disruption of the supply 
of electric energy provided to such facility by an external provider. 
The Secretary may, in consultation with appro-
priate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or operators of defense critical electric in-frastructure, periodically revise the list of des-ignated facilities as necessary. 
‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION AND SHARING OF CRITICAL  
ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) P ROTECTION OF CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRA -
STRUCTURE INFORMATION .—Critical electric in-
frastructure information— 
‘‘(A) shall be exempt from disclosure under 
section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code; and 
‘‘(B) shall not be made available by any Fed-
eral, State, political subdivision or tribal au-thority pursuant to any Federal, State, political subdivision or tribal law requiring public disclo-sure of information or records. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION AND SHARING OF CRITICAL  
ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .—Not 
later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall promulgate such regulations and issue such orders as nec-essary to— 
‘‘(A) designate information as critical electric 
infrastructure information; 
‘‘(B) prohibit the unauthorized disclosure of 
critical electric infrastructure information; 
‘‘(C) ensure there are appropriate sanctions in 
place for Commissioners, officers, employees, or agents of the Commission who knowingly and willfully disclose critical electric infrastructure information in a manner that is not authorized under this section; and 
‘‘(D) taking into account standards of the 
Electric Reliability Organization, facilitate vol-untary sharing of critical electric infrastructure information with, between, and by— 
‘‘(i) Federal, State, political subdivision, and 
tribal authorities; 
‘‘(ii) the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(iii) regional entities; ‘‘(iv) information sharing and analysis centers 
established pursuant to Presidential Decision Directive 63; 
‘‘(v) owners, operators, and users of critical 
electric infrastructure in the United States; and 
‘‘(vi) other entities determined appropriate by 
the Commission. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In promulgating regu-
lations and issuing orders under paragraph (2), the Commission shall take into consideration the role of State commissions in reviewing the pru-dence and cost of investments, determining the rates and terms of conditions for electric serv-ices, and ensuring the safety and reliability of the bulk-power system and distribution facilities within their respective jurisdictions. 
‘‘(4) P
ROTOCOLS .—The Commission shall, in 
consultation with Canadian and Mexican au-thorities, develop protocols for the voluntary sharing of critical electric infrastructure infor-mation with Canadian and Mexican authorities and owners, operators, and users of the bulk- power system outside the United States. ‘‘(5) N
O REQUIRED SHARING OF INFORMATION .— 
Nothing in this section shall require a person or entity in possession of critical electric infra-structure information to share such information with Federal, State, political subdivision, or tribal authorities, or any other person or entity. 
‘‘(6) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO CON -
GRESS .—Nothing in this section shall permit or 
authorize the withholding of information from Congress, any committee or subcommittee there-of, or the Comptroller General. 
‘‘(7) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPROTECTED INFORMA -
TION.—In implementing this section, the Com-
mission shall protect from disclosure only the minimum amount of information necessary to protect the security and reliability of the bulk- power system and distribution facilities. The Commission shall segregate critical electric in-frastructure information within documents and electronic communications, wherever feasible, to facilitate disclosure of information that is not designated as critical electric infrastructure in-formation. 
‘‘(8) D
URATION OF DESIGNATION .—Information 
may not be designated as critical electric infra-structure information for longer than 5 years, unless specifically re-designated by the Commis-sion. 
‘‘(9) R
EMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—The Commis-
sion shall remove the designation of critical electric infrastructure information, in whole or in part, from a document or electronic commu-nication if the Commission determines that the unauthorized disclosure of such information could no longer be used to impair the security or reliability of the bulk-power system or distribu-tion facilities. 
‘‘(10) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF DESIGNATIONS .— 
Notwithstanding section 313(b), any determina-tion by the Commission concerning the designa-tion of critical electric infrastructure informa-tion under this subsection shall be subject to re-view under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, except that such review shall be brought in the district court of the United States in the district in which the complainant resides, or has his principal place of business, or in the District of Columbia. In such a case the court shall ex-amine in camera the contents of documents or electronic communications that are the subject of the determination under review to determine whether such documents or any part thereof were improperly designated or not designated as critical electric infrastructure information. 
‘‘(e) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—The Secretary 
shall facilitate and, to the extent practicable, expedite the acquisition of adequate security clearances by key personnel of any entity sub-ject to the requirements of this section, to enable optimum communication with Federal agencies regarding threats to the security of the critical electric infrastructure. The Secretary, the Com-mission, and other appropriate Federal agencies shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with their obligations to protect classified and critical electric infrastructure information, share timely actionable information regarding grid security with appropriate key personnel of owners, operators, and users of the critical elec-tric infrastructure. 
‘‘(f) C
LARIFICATIONS OF LIABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLIANCE WITH OR VIOLATION OF THIS  
ACT.—Except as provided in paragraph (4), to 
the extent any action or omission taken by an entity that is necessary to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1), including any action or omission taken to voluntarily comply with such order, results in noncompliance with, or causes such entity not to comply with any rule, order, regulation, or provision of this Act, including any reliability standard approved by the Commission pursuant to section 215, such action or omission shall not be considered a violation of such rule, order, regulation, or provision. 
‘‘(2) R
ELATION TO SECTION 202(c).—Except as 
provided in paragraph (4), an action or omission taken by an owner, operator, or user of critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8898 December 2, 2015 
electric infrastructure or of defense critical elec-
tric infrastructure to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1) shall be treated as an action or omission taken to comply with an order issued under sec-tion 202(c) for purposes of such section. 
‘‘(3) S
HARING OR RECEIPT OF INFORMATION .— 
No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any Federal or State court for the sharing or re-ceipt of information under, and that is con-ducted in accordance with, subsection (d). 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to require dis-missal of a cause of action against an entity that, in the course of complying with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1) by taking an action or omission for which they would be liable but for paragraph (1) or (2), takes such action or omission in a grossly negligent manner.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) J URISDICTION .—Section 201(b)(2) of the 
Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘215A,’’ after ‘‘215,’’ each place it appears. 
(2) P
UBLIC UTILITY .—Section 201(e) of the 
Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824(e)) is amended by inserting ‘‘215A,’’ after ‘‘215,’’. 
SEC. 1105. STRATEGIC TRANSFORMER RESERVE. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the storage 
of strategically located spare large power trans-formers and emergency mobile substations will reduce the vulnerability of the United States to multiple risks facing electric grid reliability, in-cluding physical attack, cyber attack, electro-magnetic pulse, geomagnetic disturbances, se-vere weather, and seismic events. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B ULK-POWER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘bulk- 
power system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). 
(2) C
RITICALLY DAMAGED LARGE POWER TRANS -
FORMER .—The term ‘‘critically damaged large 
power transformer’’ means a large power trans-former that— 
(A) has sustained extensive damage such 
that— 
(i) repair or refurbishment is not economically 
viable; or 
(ii) the extensive time to repair or refurbish 
the large power transformer would create an ex-tended period of instability in the bulk-power system; and 
(B) prior to sustaining such damage, was part 
of the bulk-power system. 
(3) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .—The 
term ‘‘critical electric infrastructure’’ has the meaning given that term in section 215A of the Federal Power Act. 
(4) E
LECTRIC RELIABILITY ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘‘Electric Reliability Organization’’ has the meaning given such term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). 
(5) E
MERGENCY MOBILE SUBSTATION .—The 
term ‘‘emergency mobile substation’’ means a mobile substation or mobile transformer that is— 
(A) assembled and permanently mounted on a 
trailer that is capable of highway travel and meets relevant Department of Transportation regulations; and 
(B) intended for express deployment and ca-
pable of being rapidly placed into service. 
(6) L
ARGE POWER TRANSFORMER .—The term 
‘‘large power transformer’’ means a power transformer with a maximum nameplate rating of 100 megavolt-amperes or higher, including re-lated critical equipment, that is, or is intended to be, a part of the bulk-power system. 
(7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Energy. 
(8) S PARE LARGE POWER TRANSFORMER .—The 
term ‘‘spare large power transformer’’ means a large power transformer that is stored within the Strategic Transformer Reserve to be avail-able to temporarily replace a critically damaged large power transformer. (c) S
TRATEGIC TRANSFORMER RESERVE PLAN.— 
(1) P LAN.—Not later than one year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, shall, in consultation with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion, the Electricity Sub-sector Coordinating Council, the Electric Reliability Organization, and owners and operators of critical electric in-frastructure and defense and military installa-tions, prepare and submit to Congress a plan to establish a Strategic Transformer Reserve for the storage, in strategically located facilities, of spare large power transformers and emergency mobile substations in sufficient numbers to tem-porarily replace critically damaged large power transformers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and mili-tary installations. 
(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Strategic Transformer 
Reserve plan shall include a description of— 
(A) the appropriate number and type of spare 
large power transformers necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulk-power system, critical electric infrastructure, and de-fense and military installations to mitigate sig-nificant impacts to the electric grid resulting from— 
(i) physical attack; (ii) cyber attack; (iii) electromagnetic pulse attack; 
(iv) geomagnetic disturbances; (v) severe weather; or (vi) seismic events; (B) other critical electric grid equipment for 
which an inventory of spare equipment, includ-ing emergency mobile substations, is necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulk-power system, critical electric infrastruc-ture, and defense and military installations; 
(C) the degree to which utility sector actions 
or initiatives, including individual utility own-ership of spare equipment, joint ownership of spare equipment inventory, sharing agreements, or other spare equipment reserves or arrange-ments, satisfy the needs identified under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B); 
(D) the potential locations for, and feasibility 
and appropriate number of, strategic storage lo-cations for reserve equipment, including consid-eration of— 
(i) the physical security of such locations; (ii) the protection of the confidentiality of 
such locations; and 
(iii) the proximity of such locations to sites of 
potentially critically damaged large power transformers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and mili-tary installations, so as to enable efficient deliv-ery of equipment to such sites; 
(E) the necessary degree of flexibility of spare 
large power transformers to be included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve to conform to dif-ferent substation configurations, including con-sideration of transformer— 
(i) power and voltage rating for each winding; (ii) overload requirements; (iii) impedance between windings; (iv) configuration of windings; and (v) tap requirements; (F) an estimate of the direct cost of the Stra-
tegic Transformer Reserve, as proposed, includ-ing— 
(i) the cost of storage facilities; (ii) the cost of the equipment; and (iii) management, maintenance, and operation 
costs; 
(G) the funding options available to establish, 
stock, manage, and maintain the Strategic Transformer Reserve, including consideration of fees on owners and operators of bulk-power sys-tem facilities, critical electric infrastructure, and defense and military installations relying on the Strategic Transformer Reserve, use of Federal appropriations, and public-private cost- sharing options; 
(H) the ease and speed of transportation, in-
stallation, and energization of spare large power transformers to be included in the Strategic 
Transformer Reserve, including consideration of factors such as— 
(i) transformer transportation weight; (ii) transformer size; (iii) topology of critical substations; (iv) availability of appropriate transformer 
mounting pads; 
(v) flexibility of the spare large power trans-
formers as described in subparagraph (E); and 
(vi) ability to rapidly transition a spare large 
power transformer from storage to energization; 
(I) eligibility criteria for withdrawal of equip-
ment from the Strategic Transformer Reserve; 
(J) the process by which owners or operators 
of critically damaged large power transformers or substations that are critical electric infra-structure or serve defense and military installa-tions may apply for a withdrawal from the Stra-tegic Transformer Reserve; 
(K) the process by which equipment with-
drawn from the Strategic Transformer Reserve is returned to the Strategic Transformer Reserve or is replaced; 
(L) possible fees to be paid by users of equip-
ment withdrawn from the Strategic Transformer Reserve; 
(M) possible fees to be paid by owners and op-
erators of large power transformers and sub-stations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations to cover operating costs of the Strategic Trans-former Reserve; 
(N) the domestic and international large 
power transformer supply chain; 
(O) the potential reliability, cost, and oper-
ational benefits of including emergency mobile substations in any Strategic Transformer Re-serve established under this section; and 
(P) other considerations for designing, con-
structing, stocking, funding, and managing the Strategic Transformer Reserve. 
(d) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may es-
tablish a Strategic Transformer Reserve in ac-cordance with the plan prepared pursuant to subsection (c) after the date that is 6 months after the date on which such plan is submitted to Congress. 
(e) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Any infor-
mation included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve plan, or shared in the preparation and development of such plan, the disclosure of which could cause harm to critical electric in-frastructure, shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requir-ing disclosure of information or records. 
SEC. 1106. CYBER SENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall establish a voluntary Cyber Sense program to identify and promote cyber-secure products intended for use in the bulk-power system, as defined in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). 
(b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out 
subsection (a), the Secretary of Energy shall— 
(1) establish a Cyber Sense testing process to 
identify products and technologies intended for use in the bulk-power system, including prod-ucts relating to industrial control systems, such as supervisory control and data acquisition sys-tems; 
(2) for products tested and identified under 
the Cyber Sense program, establish and main-tain cybersecurity vulnerability reporting proc-esses and a related database; 
(3) promulgate regulations regarding vulner-
ability reporting processes for products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program; 
(4) provide technical assistance to utilities, 
product manufacturers, and other electric sector stakeholders to develop solutions to mitigate identified vulnerabilities in products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program; 
(5) biennially review products tested and iden-
tified under the Cyber Sense program for vulnerabilities and provide analysis with respect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8899 December 2, 2015 
to how such products respond to and mitigate 
cyber threats; 
(6) develop procurement guidance for utilities 
for products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program; 
(7) provide reasonable notice to the public, 
and solicit comments from the public, prior to establishing or revising the Cyber Sense testing process; 
(8) oversee Cyber Sense testing carried out by 
third parties; and 
(9) consider incentives to encourage the use in 
the bulk-power system of products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program. 
(c) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Any vul-
nerability reported pursuant to regulations pro-mulgated under subsection (b)(3), the disclosure of which could cause harm to critical electric in-frastructure (as defined in section 215A of the Federal Power Act), shall be exempt from disclo-sure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of information or records. 
(d) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT LIABILITY .—Con-
sistent with other voluntary Federal Govern-ment certification programs, nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to authorize the com-mencement of an action against the United States Government with respect to the testing and identification of a product under the Cyber Sense program. 
SEC. 1107. STATE COVERAGE AND CONSIDER-
ATION OF PURPA STANDARDS FOR ELECTRIC UTILITIES. 
(a) S TATE CONSIDERATION OF RESILIENCY AND  
ADVANCED ENERGY ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGIES  
ANDRELIABLE GENERATION .— 
(1) C ONSIDERATION .—Section 111(d) of the 
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2621(d)) is amended by adding the fol-lowing at the end: 
‘‘(20) I
MPROVING THE RESILIENCE OF ELECTRIC  
INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each electric utility shall 
develop a plan to use resiliency-related tech-nologies, upgrades, measures, and other ap-proaches designed to improve the resilience of electric infrastructure, mitigate power outages, continue delivery of vital services, and maintain the flow of power to facilities critical to public health, safety, and welfare, to the extent prac-ticable using the most current data, metrics, and frameworks related to current and future threats, including physical and cyber attacks, electromagnetic pulse attacks, geomagnetic dis-turbances, seismic events, and severe weather and other environmental stressors. 
‘‘(B) R
ESILIENCY -RELATED TECHNOLOGIES .— 
For purposes of this paragraph, examples of re-siliency-related technologies, upgrades, meas-ures, and other approaches include— 
‘‘(i) hardening, or other enhanced protection, 
of utility poles, wiring, cabling, and other dis-tribution components, facilities, or structures; 
‘‘(ii) advanced grid technologies capable of 
isolating or repairing problems remotely, such as advanced metering infrastructure, high-tech sensors, grid monitoring and control systems, and remote reconfiguration and redundancy systems; 
‘‘(iii) cybersecurity products and components; ‘‘(iv) distributed generation, including back- 
up generation to power critical facilities and es-sential services, and related integration compo-nents, such as advanced inverter technology; 
‘‘(v) microgrid systems, including hybrid 
microgrid systems for isolated communities; 
‘‘(vi) combined heat and power; ‘‘(vii) waste heat resources; ‘‘(viii) non-grid-scale energy storage tech-
nologies; 
‘‘(ix) wiring, cabling, and other distribution 
components, including submersible distribution components, and enclosures; 
‘‘(x) electronically controlled reclosers and 
similar technologies for power restoration, in-cluding emergency mobile substations, as de-fined in section 1105 of the North American En-ergy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015; ‘‘(xi) advanced energy analytics technology, 
such as Internet-based and cloud-based com-puting solutions and subscription licensing mod-els; 
‘‘(xii) measures that enhance resilience 
through planning, preparation, response, and 
recovery activities; 
‘‘(xiii) operational capabilities to enhance re-
silience through rapid response recovery; and 
‘‘(xiv) measures to ensure availability of key 
critical components through contracts, coopera-tive agreements, stockpiling and prepositioning, or other measures. 
‘‘(C) R
ATE RECOVERY .—Each State regulatory 
authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) shall consider authorizing each such electric utility to recover any capital, operating expenditure, or other costs of the electric utility related to the procurement, deployment, or use of resiliency- related technologies, including a reasonable rate of return on the capital expenditures of the elec-tric utility for the procurement, deployment, or use of resiliency-related technologies. 
‘‘(21) P
ROMOTING INVESTMENTS IN ADVANCED  
ENERGY ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each electric utility shall 
develop and implement a plan for deploying ad-vanced energy analytics technology. 
‘‘(B) R
ATE RECOVERY .—Each State regulatory 
authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) shall consider confirming and clarifying, if necessary, that each such electric utility is authorized to recover the costs of the electric utility relating to the procurement, deployment, or use of ad-vanced energy analytics technology, including a reasonable rate of return on all such costs in-curred by the electric utility for the procure-ment, deployment, or use of advanced energy analytics technology, provided such technology is used by the electric utility for purposes of re-alizing operational efficiencies, cost savings, en-hanced energy management and customer en-gagement, improvements in system reliability, safety, and cybersecurity, or other benefits to ratepayers. 
‘‘(C) A
DVANCED ENERGY ANALYTICS TECH -
NOLOGY .—For purposes of this paragraph, ex-
amples of advanced energy analytics technology include Internet-based and cloud-based com-puting solutions and subscription licensing mod-els, including software as a service that uses cyber-physical systems to allow the correlation of data aggregated from appropriate data sources and smart grid sensor networks, employs analytics and machine learning, or employs other advanced computing solutions and models. 
‘‘(22) A
SSURING ELECTRIC RELIABILITY WITH  
RELIABLE GENERATION .— 
‘‘(A) A SSURANCE OF ELECTRIC RELIABILITY .— 
Each electric utility shall adopt or modify poli-cies to ensure that such electric utility incor-porates reliable generation into its integrated re-source plan to assure the availability of electric energy over a 10-year planning period. 
‘‘(B) R
ELIABLE GENERATION .—For purposes of 
this paragraph, ‘reliable generation’ means elec-tric generation facilities with reliability at-tributes that include— 
‘‘(i)(I) possession of adequate fuel on-site to 
enable operation for an extended period of time; 
‘‘(II) the operational ability to generate elec-
tric energy from more than one source; or 
‘‘(III) fuel certainty, through firm contractual 
obligations, that ensures adequate fuel supply to enable operation, for an extended period of time, for the duration of an emergency or severe weather conditions; 
‘‘(ii) operational characteristics that enable 
the generation of electric energy for the dura-tion of an emergency or severe weather condi-tions; and 
‘‘(iii) unless procured through other procure-
ment mechanisms, essential reliability services, including frequency support and regulation services. 
‘‘(23) S
UBSIDIZATION OF CUSTOMER -SIDE TECH -
NOLOGY .— ‘‘(A) C ONSIDERATION .—To the extent that a 
State regulatory authority may require or allow rates charged by any electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority to electric consumers that do not use a customer-side technology to include any cost, fee, or charge that directly or indirectly cross-subsidizes the deployment, con-struction, maintenance, or operation of that customer-side technology, such authority shall evaluate whether subsidizing the deployment, construction, maintenance, or operation of a customer-side technology would— 
‘‘(i) result in benefits predominately enjoyed 
by only the users of that customer-side tech-nology; 
‘‘(ii) shift costs of a customer-side technology 
to electricity consumers that do not use that customer-side technology, particularly where disparate economic or resource conditions exist among the electricity consumers cross-sub-sidizing the costumer-side technology; 
‘‘(iii) negatively affect resource utilization, 
fuel diversity, or grid security; 
‘‘(iv) provide any unfair competitive advan-
tage to market the customer-side technology; and 
‘‘(v) be necessary to fulfill an obligation to 
serve electric consumers. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—Each State regulatory 
authority shall make available to the public the evaluation completed under subparagraph (A) at least 90 days prior to any proceedings in which such authority considers the cross-sub-sidization of a customer-side technology. 
‘‘(C) C
USTOMER -SIDE TECHNOLOGY .—For pur-
poses of this paragraph, the term ‘customer-side technology’ means a device connected to the electricity distribution system— 
‘‘(i) at, or on the customer side of, the meter; 
or 
‘‘(ii) that, if owned or operated by or on be-
half of an electric utility, would otherwise be at, or on the customer side of, the meter.’’. 
(2) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
(A) T IME LIMITATIONS .—Section 112(b) of the 
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7)(A) Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this paragraph, each State regu-latory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated electric utility, as appli-cable, shall commence the consideration referred to in section 111, or set a hearing date for con-sideration, with respect to the standards estab-lished by paragraphs (20), (22), and (23) of sec-tion 111(d). 
‘‘(B) Not later than 2 years after the date of 
the enactment of this paragraph, each State reg-ulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated electric utility, as appli-cable, shall complete the consideration, and shall make the determination, referred to in sec-tion 111 with respect to each standard estab-lished by paragraphs (20), (22), and (23) of sec-tion 111(d). 
‘‘(8)(A) Not later than 6 months after the date 
of enactment of this paragraph, each State reg-ulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated electric utility shall com-mence the consideration referred to in section 111, or set a hearing date for consideration, with respect to the standard established by para-graph (21) of section 111(d). 
‘‘(B) Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this paragraph, each State regu-latory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated electric utility shall com-plete the consideration, and shall make the de-termination, referred to in section 111 with re-spect to the standard established by paragraph (21) of section 111(d).’’. 
(B) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—Section 112(c) of 
the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8900 December 2, 2015 
1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(c)) is amended by adding 
the following at the end: ‘‘In the case of the standards established by paragraphs (20) through (23) of section 111(d), the reference con-tained in this subsection to the date of enact-ment of this Act shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the date of enactment of such para-graphs.’’. 
(C) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .—Section 112 of the 
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .—Subsections (b) 
and (c) of this section shall not apply to a standard established by paragraph (20), (21), (22), or (23) of section 111(d) in the case of any electric utility in a State if— 
‘‘(1) before the date of enactment of this sub-
section, the State has implemented for such util-ity the standard concerned (or a comparable standard); 
‘‘(2) the State regulatory authority for such 
State or relevant nonregulated electric utility has conducted a proceeding to consider imple-mentation of the standard concerned (or a com-parable standard) for such utility during the 3- year period ending on the date of enactment of this subsection; or 
‘‘(3) the State legislature has voted on the im-
plementation of the standard concerned (or a comparable standard) for such utility during the 3-year period ending on the date of enactment of this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
OVERAGE FOR COMPETITIVE MARKETS .— 
Section 102 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2612) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) C
OVERAGE FOR COMPETITIVE MARKETS .— 
The requirements of this title do not apply to the operations of an electric utility, or to pro-ceedings respecting such operations, to the ex-tent that such operations or proceedings, or any portion thereof, relate to the competitive sale of retail electric energy that is unbundled or sepa-rated from the regulated provision or sale of dis-tribution service.’’. 
SEC. 1108. RELIABILITY ANALYSIS FOR CERTAIN 
RULES THAT AFFECT ELECTRIC GEN-ERATING FACILITIES. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply 
with respect to any proposed or final covered rule issued by a Federal agency for which com-pliance with the rule may impact an electric utility generating unit or units, including by re-sulting in closure or interruption to operations of such a unit or units. 
(b) R
ELIABILITY ANALYSIS .— 
(1) A NALYSIS OF RULES .—The Federal Energy 
Regulatory Commission, in consultation with the Electric Reliability Organization, shall con-duct an independent reliability analysis of a proposed or final covered rule under this section to evaluate the anticipated effects of implemen-tation and enforcement of the rule on— 
(A) electric reliability and resource adequacy; (B) the electricity generation portfolio of the 
United States; 
(C) the operation of wholesale electricity mar-
kets; and 
(D) energy delivery and infrastructure, in-
cluding electric transmission facilities and nat-ural gas pipelines. 
(2) R
ELEVANT INFORMATION .— 
(A) M ATERIALS FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .—A 
Federal agency shall provide to the Commission materials and information relevant to the anal-ysis required under paragraph (1) for a rule, in-cluding relevant data, modeling, and resource adequacy and reliability assessments, prepared or relied upon by such agency in developing the rule. 
(B) A
NALYSES FROM OTHER ENTITIES .—The 
Electric Reliability Organization, regional enti-ties, regional transmission organizations, inde-pendent system operators, and other reliability coordinators and planning authorities shall timely conduct analyses and provide such infor-mation as may be reasonably requested by the Commission. (3) N
OTICE .—A Federal agency shall provide 
to the Commission notice of the issuance of any proposed or final covered rule not later than 15 days after the date of such issuance. 
(c) P
ROPOSED RULES.—Not later than 150 days 
after the date of publication in the Federal Reg-ister of a proposed rule described in subsection (a), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall make available to the public an analysis of the proposed rule conducted in accordance with subsection (b), and any relevant special assess-ment or seasonal or long-term reliability assess-ment completed by the Electric Reliability Orga-nization. 
(d) F
INAL RULES.— 
(1) I NCLUSION .—A final rule described in sub-
section (a) shall include, if available at the time of issuance, a copy of the analysis conducted pursuant to subsection (c) of the rule as pro-posed. 
(2) A
NALYSIS .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of publication in the Federal Register of a final rule described in subsection (a), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall make available to the public an analysis of the final rule conducted in accordance with sub-section (b), and any relevant special assessment or seasonal or long-term reliability assessment completed by the Electric Reliability Organiza-tion. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E LECTRIC RELIABILITY ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘‘Electric Reliability Organization’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). 
(2) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal 
agency’’ means an agency, as that term is de-fined in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(3) C
OVERED RULE .—The term ‘‘covered rule’’ 
means a proposed or final rule that is estimated by the Federal agency issuing the rule, or the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to result in an annual effect on the economy of $1,000,000,000 or more. 
SEC. 1109. CARBON CAPTURE, UTILIZATION, AND 
SEQUESTRATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE ENERGY POLICY ACT 
OF2005.— 
(1) F OSSIL ENERGY .—Section 961(a) of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16291(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(8) Improving the conversion, use, and stor-
age of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels.’’. 
(2) C
OAL AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES PRO -
GRAM .—Section 962(b)(1) of the Energy Policy 
Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16292(b)(1)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘during each of calendar years 
2008, 2010, 2012, and 2016, and during each fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2021,’’ and inserting ‘‘during each fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2016,’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘allow for large-scale dem-
onstration and’’ after ‘‘technologies that would’’; and 
(C) by inserting ‘‘commercial use,’’ after ‘‘use 
of coal for’’. 
(b) I
NCREASED ACCOUNTABILITY WITHRESPECT  
TOCARBON CAPTURE , UTILIZATION , ANDSEQUES -
TRATION PROJECTS .— 
(1) DOE EVALUATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy (in 
this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall, in accordance with this subsection, annu-ally conduct an evaluation, and make rec-ommendations, with respect to each project con-ducted by the Secretary for research, develop-ment, demonstration, or deployment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nologies (also known as carbon capture and storage and utilization technologies). 
(B) S
COPE.—For purposes of this subsection, a 
project includes any contract, lease, cooperative agreement, or other similar transaction with a public agency or private organization or person, entered into or performed, or any payment made, by the Secretary for research, develop-ment, demonstration, or deployment of carbon 
capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nologies. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR EVALUATION .—In con-
ducting an evaluation of a project under this subsection, the Secretary shall— 
(A) examine if the project has made advance-
ments toward achieving any specific goal of the project with respect to a carbon capture, utiliza-tion, and sequestration technology; and 
(B) evaluate and determine if the project has 
made significant progress in advancing a carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nology. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—For each evaluation 
of a project conducted under this subsection, if the Secretary determines that— 
(A) significant progress in advancing a carbon 
capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nology has been made, the Secretary shall assess the funding of the project and make a rec-ommendation as to whether increased funding is necessary to advance the project; or 
(B) significant progress in advancing a carbon 
capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nology has not been made, the Secretary shall— 
(i) assess the funding of the project and make 
a recommendation as to whether increased funding is necessary to advance the project; 
(ii) assess and determine if the project has 
reached its full potential; and 
(iii) make a recommendation as to whether the 
project should continue. 
(4) R
EPORTS .— 
(A) R EPORT ON EVALUATIONS AND REC -
OMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
(i) issue a report on the evaluations conducted 
and recommendations made during the previous year pursuant to this subsection; and 
(ii) make each such report available on the 
Internet website of the Department of Energy. 
(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and every 3 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Subcommittee on Energy and Power of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on— 
(i) the evaluations conducted and rec-
ommendations made during the previous 3 years pursuant to this subsection; and 
(ii) the progress of the Department of Energy 
in advancing carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies, including progress in achieving the Department of Energy’s goal of having an array of advanced carbon capture and sequestration technologies ready by 2020 for large-scale demonstration. 
SEC. 1110. RELIABILITY AND PERFORMANCE AS-
SURANCE IN REGIONAL TRANS-MISSION ORGANIZATIONS. 
Part II of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 
824 et seq.), as amended by section 1104, is fur-ther amended by adding after section 215A the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 215B. RELIABILITY AND PERFORMANCE AS-
SURANCE IN REGIONAL TRANS-MISSION ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) E XISTING CAPACITY MARKETS .— 
‘‘(1) A NALYSIS CONCERNING CAPACITY MARKET  
DESIGN .—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of enactment of this section, each Regional Transmission Organization, and each Inde-pendent System Operator, that operates a ca-pacity market, or a comparable market intended to ensure the procurement and availability of sufficient future electric energy resources, that is subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission, shall provide to the Commission an analysis of how the structure of such market meets the fol-lowing criteria: 
‘‘(A) The structure of such market utilizes 
competitive market forces to the extent prac-ticable in procuring capacity resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8901 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(B) Consistent with subparagraph (A), the 
structure of such market includes resource-neu-tral performance criteria that ensure the pro-curement of sufficient capacity from physical generation facilities that have reliability at-tributes that include— 
‘‘(i)(I) possession of adequate fuel on-site to 
enable operation for an extended period of time; 
‘‘(II) the operational ability to generate elec-
tric energy from more than one fuel source; or 
‘‘(III) fuel certainty, through firm contractual 
obligations, that ensures adequate fuel supply to enable operation, for an extended period of time, for the duration of an emergency or severe weather conditions; 
‘‘(ii) operational characteristics that enable 
the generation of electric energy for the dura-tion of an emergency or severe weather condi-tions; and 
‘‘(iii) unless procured through other markets 
or procurement mechanisms, essential reliability services, including frequency support and regu-lation services. 
‘‘(2) C
OMMISSION EVALUATION AND REPORT .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Commission shall make publicly available, and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in the Senate, a report con-taining— 
‘‘(A) evaluation of whether the structure of 
each market addressed in an analysis submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) meets the criteria under such paragraph, based on the analysis; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent a market so addressed does 
not meet such criteria, any recommendations with respect to the procurement of sufficient ca-pacity, as described in paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(b) C
OMMISSION EVALUATION AND REPORT  
FORNEWSCHEDULES .— 
‘‘(1) I NCLUSION OF ANALYSIS IN FILING .—Ex-
cept as provided in subsection (a)(2), whenever a Regional Transmission Organization or Inde-pendent System Operator files a new schedule under section 205 to establish a market described in subsection (a)(1), or that substantially modi-fies the capacity market design of a market de-scribed in subsection (a)(1), the Regional Trans-mission Organization or Independent System Operator shall include in any such filing the analysis required by subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(2) E
VALUATION AND REPORT .—Not later than 
180 days of receiving an analysis under para-graph (1), the Commission shall make publicly available, and submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce in the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in the Senate, a report containing— 
‘‘(A) an evaluation of whether the structure 
of the market addressed in the analysis meets the criteria under subsection (a)(1), based on the analysis; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent the market does not meet 
such criteria, any recommendations with respect to the procurement of sufficient capacity, as de-scribed in subsection (a)(1)(B). 
‘‘(c) E
FFECT ON EXISTING APPROVALS .—Noth-
ing in this section shall be considered to— 
‘‘(1) require a modification of the Commis-
sion’s approval of the capacity market design approved pursuant to docket numbers ER15–623– 000, EL15–29–000, EL14–52–000, and ER14–2419– 000; or 
‘‘(2) provide grounds for the Commission to 
grant rehearing or otherwise modify orders issued in those dockets.’’. 
Subtitle B—Energy Security and 
Infrastructure Modernization 
SEC. 1201. ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-
TURE MODERNIZATION FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby estab-
lished in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the Energy Security and Infrastructure Modernization Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), consisting of— (1) collections deposited in the Fund under 
subsection (c); and 
(2) amounts otherwise appropriated to the 
Fund. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Fund is— 
(1) to provide for the construction, mainte-
nance, repair, and replacement of Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve facilities; and 
(2) for carrying out non-Strategic Petroleum 
Reserve projects needed to enhance the energy security of the United States by increasing the resilience, reliability, safety, and security of en-ergy supply, transmission, storage, or distribu-tion infrastructure. 
(c) C
OLLECTION AND DEPOSIT OF SALEPRO-
CEEDS IN FUND.— 
(1) D RAWDOWN AND SALE .—Notwithstanding 
section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), to the extent provided in advance in appropriation Acts, the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in amounts as authorized under subsection (e), ex-cept as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3). Amounts received for a sale under this sub-section shall be deposited into the Fund during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. Such amounts shall remain available in the Fund without fiscal year limitation. 
(2) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Secretary 
shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this subsection in amounts that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under sec-tion 161(h) of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)) in the full amount authorized by that subsection. 
(3) I
NVESTMENT PROTECTION .—The Secretary 
shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this subsection at a price lower than the average price paid for oil in the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve. 
(d) A
UTHORIZED USES OF FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts in the Fund may be 
used for, or may be credited as offsetting collec-tions for amounts used for, carrying out the pro-grams described in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tion Acts. 
(2) P
ROGRAM TO MODERNIZE THE STRATEGIC  
PETROLEUM RESERVE .— 
(A) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(i) The Strategic Petroleum Reserve is one of 
the Nation’s most valuable energy security as-sets. 
(ii) The age and condition of the Strategic Pe-
troleum Reserve have diminished its value as a Federal energy security asset. 
(iii) Global oil markets and the location and 
amount of United States oil production and re-fining capacity have dramatically changed in the 40 years since the establishment of the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve. 
(iv) Maximizing the energy security value of 
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve requires a mod-ernized infrastructure that meets the drawdown and distribution needs of changed domestic and international oil and refining market condi-tions. 
(B) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress re-
affirms the continuing strategic importance and need for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve as found and declared in section 151 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6231). 
(C) P
ROGRAM .—The Secretary of Energy shall 
establish a Strategic Petroleum Reserve mod-ernization program to protect the United States economy from the impacts of emergency petro-leum product supply disruptions. The program shall include— 
(i) operational improvements to extend the 
useful life of surface and subsurface infrastruc-ture; 
(ii) maintenance of cavern storage integrity; 
and 
(iii) addition of infrastructure and facilities to 
maximize the drawdown and incremental dis-tribution capacity of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. (3) P
ROGRAM TO ENHANCE SAFETY , PERFORM -
ANCE, AND RESILIENCE OF NATURAL GAS DIS -
TRIBUTION SYSTEMS .— 
(A) P ROGRAM .—The Secretary of Energy shall 
establish a grant program to provide financial assistance to States to offset the incremental rate increases paid by eligible households result-ing from the implementation of State-approved infrastructure replacement, repair, and mainte-nance programs designed to accelerate the nec-essary replacement, repair, or maintenance of natural gas distribution systems. 
(B) D
ATE OF ELIGIBILITY .—Awards may be 
provided under this paragraph to offset rate in-creases described in subsection (a) occurring on or after July 1, 2015. 
(C) P
RIORITIZATION .—The Secretary shall col-
laborate with States to prioritize the distribution of grants made under this paragraph. At a min-imum, the Secretary shall consider prioritizing the distribution of grants to States which have— 
(i) authorized or adopted enhanced infra-
structure replacement programs or innovative rate recovery mechanisms, such as infrastruc-ture cost trackers and riders, infrastructure base rate surcharges, deferred regulatory asset pro-grams, and earnings stability mechanisms; and 
(ii) a viable means for delivering financial as-
sistance to eligible households. 
(D) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term 
‘‘eligible household’’ means a household that is eligible to receive payments under section 8624(b)(2) of title 42, United States Code. 
(4) P
ROGRAM TO ENHANCE ELECTRIC INFRA -
STRUCTURE RESILIENCE , RELIABILITY , AND EN -
ERGY SECURITY .— 
(A) P ROGRAM .—The Secretary shall establish 
a competitive grant program to provide grants to States, units of local government, and Indian tribe economic development entities to enhance energy security through measures for electricity delivery infrastructure hardening and enhanced resilience and reliability. 
(B) P
URPOSE OF GRANTS .—The Secretary may 
make grants on a competitive basis to enable broader use of resiliency-related technologies, upgrades, and institutional measures and prac-tices designed to— 
(i) improve the resilience, reliability, and secu-
rity of electricity delivery infrastructure; 
(ii) improve preparedness and restoration time 
to mitigate power disturbances resulting from physical and cyber attacks, electromagnetic pulse attacks, geomagnetic disturbances, seismic events, and severe weather and other environ-mental stressors; 
(iii) continue delivery of power to facilities 
critical to public health, safety, and welfare, in-cluding hospitals, assisted living facilities, and schools; 
(iv) continue delivery of power to electricity- 
dependent essential services, including fueling stations and pumps, wastewater and sewage treatment facilities, gas pipeline infrastructure, communications systems, transportation services and systems, and services provided by emer-gency first responders; and 
(v) enhance regional grid resilience and the 
resilience of electricity-dependent regional in-frastructure. 
(C) E
XAMPLES .—Resiliency-related tech-
nologies, upgrades, and measures with respect to which grants may be made under this para-graph include— 
(i) hardening, or other enhanced protection, 
of utility poles, wiring, cabling, and other dis-tribution components, facilities, or structures; 
(ii) advanced grid technologies capable of iso-
lating or repairing problems remotely, such as advanced metering infrastructure, high-tech sensors, grid monitoring and control systems, and remote reconfiguration and redundancy systems; 
(iii) cybersecurity products and components; (iv) distributed generation, including back-up 
generation to power critical facilities and essen-tial services, and related integration compo-nents, such as advanced inverter technology; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8902 December 2, 2015 
(v) microgrid systems, including hybrid 
microgrid systems for isolated communities; 
(vi) combined heat and power; (vii) waste heat resources; (viii) non-grid-scale energy storage tech-
nologies; 
(ix) wiring, cabling, and other distribution 
components, including submersible distribution components, and enclosures; 
(x) electronically controlled reclosers and simi-
lar technologies for power restoration, including emergency mobile substations, as defined in sec-tion 1105 of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015; 
(xi) advanced energy analytics technology, 
such as Internet-based and cloud-based com-puting solutions and subscription licensing mod-els; 
(xii) measures that enhance resilience through 
planning, preparation, response, and recovery activities; 
(xiii) operational capabilities to enhance resil-
ience through rapid response recovery; and 
(xiv) measures to ensure availability of key 
critical components through contracts, coopera-tive agreements, stockpiling and prepositioning, or other measures. 
(D) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Specific projects or 
programs established, or to be established, pur-suant to awards provided under this paragraph shall be implemented through the States by pub-lic and publicly regulated entities on a cost- shared basis. 
(E) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out projects or 
programs established, or to be established, pur-suant to awards provided under this paragraph, award recipients shall cooperate, as applicable, with— 
(i) State public utility commissions; (ii) State energy offices; (iii) electric infrastructure owners and opera-
tors; and 
(iv) other entities responsible for maintaining 
electric reliability. 
(F) D
ATA AND METRICS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—To the extent practicable, 
award recipients shall utilize the most current data, metrics, and frameworks related to— 
(I) electricity delivery infrastructure hard-
ening and enhancing resilience and reliability; and 
(II) current and future threats, including 
physical and cyber attacks, electromagnetic pulse, geomagnetic disturbances, seismic events, and severe weather and other environmental stressors. 
(ii) M
ETRICS .—Award recipients shall dem-
onstrate to the Secretary with measurable and verifiable data how the deployment of resil-iency-related technologies, upgrades, and tech-nologies achieve improvements in the resiliency and recovery of electricity delivery infrastruc-ture and related services, including a compari-son of data collected before and after deploy-ment. Metrics for demonstrating improvements in resiliency and recovery may include— 
(I) power quality during power disturbances 
when delivered power does not meet power qual-ity requirements of the customer; 
(II) duration of customer interruptions; (III) number of customers impacted; (IV) cost impacts, including business and 
other economic losses; 
(V) impacts on electricity-dependent essential 
services and critical facilities; and 
(VI) societal impacts. (iii) F
URTHERING ENERGY ASSURANCE PLANS .— 
Award recipients shall demonstrate to the Sec-retary how projects or programs established, or to be established, pursuant to awards provided under this paragraph further applicable State and local energy assurance plans. 
(G) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary 
may not make a grant under this paragraph un-less the applicant agrees to make available non- Federal contributions (which may include in- kind contributions) in an amount not less than 50 percent of the Federal contribution. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated (and drawdowns and sales under subsection (c) in an equal amount are authorized)— 
(1) for carrying out subsection (d)(2), 
$500,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2017 through 2020; 
(2) for carrying out subsection (d)(3), 
$100,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2017 through 2020, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administrative ex-penses; and 
(3) for carrying out subsection (d)(4), 
$250,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2017 through 2020, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administrative ex-penses. 
(f) T
RANSMISSION OF DEPARTMENT BUDGET  
REQUESTS .—The Secretary of Energy shall pre-
pare and submit in the Department’s annual budget request to Congress— 
(1) an itemization of the amounts of funds 
necessary to carry out subsection (d); and 
(2) a designation of any activities thereunder 
for which a multiyear budget authority would be appropriate. 
(g) S
UNSET .—The authority of the Secretary to 
drawdown and sell crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve under this section shall ex-pire at the end of fiscal year 2020. 
Subtitle C—Hydropower Regulatory 
Modernization 
SEC. 1301. HYDROELECTRIC PRODUCTION AND 
EFFICIENCY INCENTIVES. 
(a) H YDROELECTRIC PRODUCTION INCEN-
TIVES .—Section 242 of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005 (42 U.S.C.15881) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘10’’ and in-
serting ‘‘20’’; 
(2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘20’’ and in-
serting ‘‘30’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘each of the 
fiscal years 2006 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025’’. 
(b) H
YDROELECTRIC EFFICIENCY IMPROVE -
MENT .—Section 243(c) of the Energy Policy Act 
of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15882(c)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2006 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025’’. 
SEC. 1302. PROTECTION OF PRIVATE PROPERTY 
RIGHTS IN HYDROPOWER LICENS-ING. 
(a) L ICENCES .—Section 4(e) of the Federal 
Power Act (16 U.S.C. 797(e)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘recreational op-
portunities,’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘, and minimizing infringe-
ment on the useful exercise and enjoyment of property rights held by nonlicensees’’ after ‘‘as-pects of environmental quality’’. 
(b) P
RIVATE LANDOWNERSHIP .—Section 10 of 
the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing minimizing infringement on the useful exer-cise and enjoyment of property rights held by nonlicensees’’ after ‘‘section 4(e)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) P
RIVATE LANDOWNERSHIP .—In developing 
any recreational resource within the project boundary, the licensee shall consider private landownership as a means to encourage and fa-cilitate— 
‘‘(1) private investment; and ‘‘(2) increased tourism and recreational use.’’. 
SEC. 1303. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FERC 
PROJECT INVOLVING W. KERR SCOTT DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time 
period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission project numbered 12642, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accord-ance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and 
the Commission’s procedures under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. 
(b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .—If 
the period required for commencement of con-struction of the project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license effective as of the date of its expira-tion and the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of such expiration. 
SEC. 1304. HYDROPOWER LICENSING AND PROC-
ESS IMPROVEMENTS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 34. HYDROPOWER LICENSING AND PROC-
ESS IMPROVEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘Federal authorization’— 
‘‘(1) means any authorization required under 
Federal law with respect to an application for a license, license amendment, or exemption under this part; and 
‘‘(2) includes any permits, special use author-
izations, certifications, opinions, or other ap-provals as may be required under Federal law to approve or implement the license, license amend-ment, or exemption under this part. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION AS LEADAGENCY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall act 
as the lead agency for the purposes of coordi-nating all applicable Federal authorizations and for the purposes of complying with the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) O
THER AGENCIES AND INDIAN TRIBES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each Federal, State, and 
local government agency and Indian tribe con-sidering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization shall coordinate with the Commis-sion and comply with the deadline established in the schedule developed for the project in ac-cordance with the rule issued by the Commission under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) I
DENTIFICATION .—The Commission shall 
identify, as early as practicable after it is noti-fied by the applicant of a project or facility re-quiring Commission action under this part, any Federal or State agency, local government, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an application for a Federal authorization. 
‘‘(C) N
OTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall no-
tify any agency and Indian tribe identified under subparagraph (B) of the opportunity to participate in the process of reviewing an aspect of an application for a Federal authorization. 
‘‘(ii) D
EADLINE .—Each agency and Indian 
tribe receiving a notice under clause (i) shall submit a response acknowledging receipt of the notice to the Commission within 30 days of re-ceipt of such notice and request. 
‘‘(D) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(i) I DENTIFICATION OF ISSUES .—Federal, 
State, and local government agencies and In-dian tribes that may consider an aspect of an application for Federal authorization shall identify, as early as possible, and share with the Commission and the applicant, any issues of concern identified during the pendency of the Commission’s action under this part relating to any Federal authorization that may delay or prevent the granting of such authorization, in-cluding any issues that may prevent the agency or Indian tribe from meeting the schedule estab-lished for the project in accordance with the rule issued by the Commission under subsection (c). 
‘‘(ii) I
SSUE RESOLUTION .—The Commission 
may forward any issue of concern identified under clause (i) to the heads of the relevant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8903 December 2, 2015 
State and Federal agencies (including, in the 
case of scheduling concerns identified by a State or local government agency or Indian tribe, the Federal agency overseeing the delegated author-ity, or the Secretary of the Interior with regard to scheduling concerns identified by an Indian tribe) for resolution. The Commission and any relevant agency shall enter into a memorandum of understanding to facilitate interagency co-ordination and resolution of such issues of con-cern, as appropriate. 
‘‘(c) S
CHEDULE .— 
‘‘(1) C OMMISSION RULEMAKING TO ESTABLISH  
PROCESS TO SET SCHEDULE .—Within 180 days of 
the date of enactment of this section the Com-mission shall, in consultation with the appro-priate Federal agencies, issue a rule, after pro-viding for notice and public comment, estab-lishing a process for setting a schedule following the filing of an application under this part for the review and disposition of each Federal au-thorization. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS OF SCHEDULING RULE .—In 
issuing a rule under this subsection, the Com-mission shall ensure that the schedule for each Federal authorization— 
‘‘(A) includes deadlines for actions by— ‘‘(i) any Federal or State agency, local gov-
ernment, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an application for the Federal author-ization; 
‘‘(ii) the applicant; 
‘‘(iii) the Commission; and ‘‘(iv) other participants in a proceeding; ‘‘(B) is developed in consultation with the ap-
plicant and any agency and Indian tribe that submits a response under subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii); 
‘‘(C) provides an opportunity for any Federal 
or State agency, local government, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an applica-tion for the applicable Federal authorization to identify and resolve issues of concern, as pro-vided in subsection (b)(2)(D); 
‘‘(D) complies with applicable schedules estab-
lished under Federal and State law; 
‘‘(E) ensures expeditious completion of all pro-
ceedings required under Federal and State law, to the extent practicable; and 
‘‘(F) facilitates completion of Federal and 
State agency studies, reviews, and any other procedures required prior to, or concurrent with, the preparation of the Commission’s environ-mental document required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(d) T
RANSMISSION OF FINAL SCHEDULE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each application for a 
license, license amendment, or exemption under this part, the Commission shall establish a schedule in accordance with the rule issued by the Commission under subsection (c). The Com-mission shall publicly notice and transmit the final schedule to the applicant and each agency and Indian tribe identified under subsection (b)(2)(B). 
‘‘(2) R
ESPONSE .—Each agency and Indian 
tribe receiving a schedule under this subsection shall acknowledge receipt of such schedule in writing to the Commission within 30 days. 
‘‘(e) A
DHERENCE TO SCHEDULE .—All appli-
cants, other licensing participants, and agencies and tribes considering an aspect of an applica-tion for a Federal authorization shall meet the deadlines set forth in the schedule established pursuant to subsection (d)(1). 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING .—The Commis-
sion, Federal, State, and local government agen-cies, and Indian tribes may allow an applicant seeking a Federal authorization to fund a third- party contractor selected by such agency or tribe to assist in reviewing the application. All costs of an agency or tribe incurred pursuant to direct funding by the applicant, including all costs associated with the third party contractor, shall not be considered costs of the United States for the administration of this part under section 10(e). ‘‘(g) C
OMMISSION RECOMMENDATION ON SCOPE 
OFENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—For the purposes 
of coordinating Federal authorizations for each project, the Commission shall consult with and make a recommendation to agencies and Indian tribes receiving a schedule under subsection (d) on the scope of the environmental review for all Federal authorizations for such project. Each Federal and State agency and Indian tribe shall give due consideration and may give deference to the Commission’s recommendations, to the ex-tent appropriate under Federal law. 
‘‘(h) F
AILURE TOMEETSCHEDULE .—A Fed-
eral, State, or local government agency or In-dian tribe that anticipates that it will be unable to complete its disposition of a Federal author-ization by the deadline set forth in the schedule established under subsection (d)(1) may file for an extension as provided under section 313(b)(2). 
‘‘(i) C
ONSOLIDATED RECORD .—The Commission 
shall, with the cooperation of Federal, State, and local government agencies and Indian tribes, maintain a complete consolidated record of all decisions made or actions taken by the Commission or by a Federal administrative agency or officer (or State or local government agency or officer or Indian tribe acting under delegated Federal authority) with respect to any Federal authorization. Such record shall con-stitute the record for judicial review under sec-tion 313(b).’’. 
SEC. 1305. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF DELAYED FED-
ERAL AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 313(b) of the Federal Power Act (16 
U.S.C. 825l(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(b) Any party’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) J UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any party’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ELAY OF A FEDERAL AUTHORIZATION .— 
Any Federal, State, or local government agency or Indian tribe that will not complete its disposi-tion of a Federal authorization by the deadline set forth in the schedule by the Commission under section 34 may file for an extension in the United States court of appeals for any circuit wherein the project or proposed project is lo-cated, or in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Such petition shall be filed not later than 30 days prior to such deadline. The court shall only grant an exten-sion if the agency or tribe demonstrates, based on the record maintained under section 34, that it otherwise complied with the requirements of section 34 and that complying with the schedule set by the Commission would have prevented the agency or tribe from complying with applicable Federal or State law. If the court grants the ex-tension, the court shall set a reasonable sched-ule and deadline, not to exceed 90 days, for the agency to act on remand. If the court denies the extension, or if an agency or tribe does not file for an extension as provided in this subsection and does not complete its disposition of a Fed-eral authorization by the applicable deadline, the Commission and applicant may move for-ward with the proposed action.’’. 
SEC. 1306. LICENSING STUDY IMPROVEMENTS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.), as amended by section 1304, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 35. LICENSING STUDY IMPROVEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To facilitate the timely 
and efficient completion of the license pro-ceedings under this part, the Commission shall, in consultation with applicable Federal and State agencies and interested members of the public— 
‘‘(1) compile current and accepted best prac-
tices in performing studies required in such li-cense proceedings, including methodologies and the design of studies to assess the full range of environmental impacts of a project that reflect the most recent peer-reviewed science; 
‘‘(2) compile a comprehensive collection of 
studies and data accessible to the public that could be used to inform license proceedings 
under this part; and 
‘‘(3) encourage license applicants, agencies, 
and Indian tribes to develop and use, for the purpose of fostering timely and efficient consid-eration of license applications, a limited number of open-source methodologies and tools applica-ble across a wide array of projects, including water balance models and streamflow analyses. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF STUDIES .—To the extent prac-
ticable, the Commission and other Federal, State, and local government agencies and In-dian tribes considering an aspect of an applica-tion for Federal authorization shall use current, accepted science toward studies and data in support of their actions. Any participant in a proceeding with respect to a Federal authoriza-tion shall demonstrate a study requested by the party is not duplicative of current, existing studies that are applicable to the project. 
‘‘(c) B
ASIN-WIDE OR REGIONAL REVIEW .—The 
Commission shall establish a program to develop comprehensive plans, at the request of project applicants, on a regional or basin-wide scale, in consultation with the applicants, appropriate Federal agencies, and affected States, local gov-ernments, and Indian tribes, in basins or regions with respect to which there are more than one project or application for a project. Upon such a request, the Commission, in consultation with the applicants, such Federal agencies, and af-fected States, local governments, and Indian tribes, may conduct or commission regional or basin-wide environmental studies, with the par-ticipation of at least 2 applicants. Any study conducted under this subsection shall apply only to a project with respect to which the ap-plicant participates.’’. 
SEC. 1307. CLOSED-LOOP PUMPED STORAGE 
PROJECTS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.), as amended by section 1306, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 36. CLOSED-LOOP PUMPED STORAGE 
PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, a closed-loop pumped storage project is a project— 
‘‘(1) in which the upper and lower reservoirs 
do not impound or directly withdraw water from navigable waters; or 
‘‘(2) that is not continuously connected to a 
naturally flowing water feature. 
‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—As provided in this section, 
the Commission may issue and amend licenses and preliminary permits, as appropriate, for closed-loop pumped storage projects. 
‘‘(c) D
AMSAFETY .—Before issuing any license 
for a closed-loop pumped storage project, the Commission shall assess the safety of existing dams and other structures related to the project (including possible consequences associated with failure of such structures). 
‘‘(d) L
ICENSE CONDITIONS .—With respect to a 
closed-loop pumped storage project, the author-ity of the Commission to impose conditions on a license under sections 4(e), 10(a), 10(g), and 10(j) shall not apply, and any condition included in or applicable to a closed-loop pumped storage project licensed under this section, including any condition or other requirement of a Federal authorization, shall be limited to those that are— 
‘‘(1) necessary to protect public safety; or ‘‘(2) reasonable, economically feasible, and es-
sential to prevent loss of or damage to, or to mitigate adverse effects on, fish and wildlife re-sources directly caused by the construction and operation of the project, as compared to the en-vironmental baseline existing at the time the Commission completes its environmental review. 
‘‘(e) T
RANSFERS .—Notwithstanding section 5, 
and regardless of whether the holder of a pre-liminary permit for a closed-loop pumped stor-age project claimed municipal preference under section 7(a) when obtaining the permit, the Commission may, to facilitate development of a closed-loop pumped storage project— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8904 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(1) add entities as joint permittees following 
issuance of a preliminary permit; and 
‘‘(2) transfer a license in part to one or more 
nonmunicipal entities as co-licensees with a mu-nicipality.’’. 
SEC. 1308. LICENSE AMENDMENT IMPROVE-
MENTS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.), as amended by section 1307, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 37. LICENSE AMENDMENT IMPROVEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) Q UALIFYING PROJECT UPGRADES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—As provided in this section, 
the Commission may approve an application for an amendment to a license issued under this part for a qualifying project upgrade. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—A licensee filing an appli-
cation for an amendment to a project license under this section shall include in such applica-tion information sufficient to demonstrate that the proposed change to the project described in the application is a qualifying project upgrade. 
‘‘(3) I
NITIAL DETERMINATION .—Not later than 
15 days after receipt of an application under paragraph (2), the Commission shall make an initial determination as to whether the proposed change to the project described in the applica-tion for a license amendment is a qualifying project upgrade. The Commission shall publish its initial determination and issue notice of the application filed under paragraph (2). Such no-tice shall solicit public comment on the initial determination within 45 days. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC COMMENT ON QUALIFYING CRI -
TERIA .—The Commission shall accept public 
comment regarding whether a proposed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade for a period of 45 days beginning on the date of publication of a public notice described in para-graph (3), and shall— 
‘‘(A) if no entity contests whether the pro-
posed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade during such comment period, immediately publish a notice stating that the initial determination has not been contested; or 
‘‘(B) if an entity contests whether the pro-
posed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade during the comment period, issue a written determination in accordance with paragraph (5). 
‘‘(5) W
RITTEN DETERMINATION .—If an entity 
contests whether the proposed license amend-ment is for a qualifying project upgrade during the comment period under paragraph (4), the Commission shall, not later than 30 days after the date of publication of the public notice of the initial determination under paragraph (3), issue a written determination as to whether the proposed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade. 
‘‘(6) P
UBLIC COMMENT ON AMENDMENT APPLI -
CATION .—If no entity contests whether the pro-
posed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade during the comment period under paragraph (4) or the Commission issues a written determination under paragraph (5) that a proposed license amendment is a qualifying project upgrade, the Commission shall— 
‘‘(A) during the 60-day period beginning on 
the date of publication of a notice under para-graph (4)(A) or the date on which the Commis-sion issues the written determination under paragraph (5), as applicable, solicit comments from each Federal, State, and local government agency and Indian tribe considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization (as defined in section 34) with respect to the pro-posed license amendment, as well as other inter-ested agencies, Indian tribes, and members of the public; and 
‘‘(B) during the 90-day period beginning on 
the date of publication of a notice under para-graph (4)(A) or the date on which the Commis-sion issues the written determination under paragraph (5), as applicable, consult with— 
‘‘(i) appropriate Federal agencies and the 
State agency exercising administrative control over the fish and wildlife resources, and water 
quality and supply, of the State in which the qualifying project upgrade is located; 
‘‘(ii) any Federal department supervising any 
public lands or reservations occupied by the qualifying project upgrade; and 
‘‘(iii) any Indian tribe affected by the quali-
fying project upgrade. 
‘‘(7) F
EDERAL AUTHORIZATIONS .—The schedule 
established by the Commission under section 34 for any project upgrade under this subsection shall require final disposition on all necessary Federal authorizations (as defined in section 34), other than final action by the Commission, by not later than 120 days after the date on which the Commission issues a notice under paragraph (4)(A) or a written determination under paragraph (5), as applicable. 
‘‘(8) C
OMMISSION ACTION .—Not later than 150 
days after the date on which the Commission issues a notice under paragraph (4)(A) or a written determination under paragraph (5), as applicable, the Commission shall take final ac-tion on the license amendment application. 
‘‘(9) L
ICENSE AMENDMENT CONDITIONS .—Any 
condition included in or applicable to a license amendment approved under this subsection, in-cluding any condition or other requirement of a Federal authorization, shall be limited to those that are— 
‘‘(A) necessary to protect public safety; or ‘‘(B) reasonable, economically feasible, and 
essential to prevent loss of or damage to, or to mitigate adverse effects on, fish and wildlife re-sources, water supply, and water quality that are directly caused by the construction and op-eration of the qualifying project upgrade, as compared to the environmental baseline existing at the time the Commission approves the appli-cation for the license amendment. 
‘‘(10) P
ROPOSED LICENSE AMENDMENTS THAT  
ARE NOT QUALIFYING PROJECT UPGRADES .—If the 
Commission determines under paragraph (3) or (5) that a proposed license amendment is not for a qualifying project upgrade, the procedures under paragraphs (6) through (9) shall not apply to the application. 
‘‘(11) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and opportunity for public comment, issue a rule to implement this subsection. 
‘‘(12) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section: 
‘‘(A) Q UALIFYING PROJECT UPGRADE .—The 
term ‘qualifying project upgrade’ means a change to a project licensed under this part that meets the qualifying criteria, as determined by the Commission. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFYING CRITERIA .—The term ‘quali-
fying criteria’ means, with respect to a project license under this part, a change to the project that— 
‘‘(i) if carried out, would be unlikely to ad-
versely affect any species listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 or result in the destruction or adverse modification of critical habitat, as determined in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior or Secretary of Commerce, as appropriate, in ac-cordance with section 7 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973; 
‘‘(ii) is consistent with any applicable com-
prehensive plan under section 10(a)(2); 
‘‘(iii) includes only changes to project lands, 
waters, or operations that, in the judgment of the Commission, would result in only insignifi-cant or minimal cumulative adverse environ-mental effects; 
‘‘(iv) would be unlikely to adversely affect 
water quality and water supply; and 
‘‘(v) proposes to implement— ‘‘(I) capacity increases, efficiency improve-
ments, or other enhancements to hydropower generation at the licensed project; 
‘‘(II) environmental protection, mitigation, or 
enhancement measures to benefit fish and wild-life resources or other natural and cultural re-sources; or ‘‘(III) improvements to public recreation at the 
licensed project. 
‘‘(b) A
MENDMENT APPROVAL PROCESSES .— 
‘‘(1) R ULE.—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this section, the Commis-sion shall, after notice and opportunity for pub-lic comment, issue a rule establishing new standards and procedures for license amend-ment applications under this part. In issuing such rule, the Commission shall seek to develop the most efficient and expedient process, con-sultation, and review requirements, commensu-rate with the scope of different categories of proposed license amendments. Such rule shall account for differences in environmental effects across a wide range of categories of license amendment applications. 
‘‘(2) C
APACITY .—In issuing a rule under this 
subsection, the Commission shall take into con-sideration that a change in generating or hy-draulic capacity may indicate the potential en-vironmental effects of a proposed amendment but is not determinative of such effects. 
‘‘(3) P
ROCESS OPTIONS .—In issuing a rule 
under this subsection, the Commission shall take into consideration the range of process options available under the Commission’s regulations for new and original license applications and adapt such options to amendment applications, where appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 1309. PROMOTING HYDROPOWER DEVELOP-
MENT AT EXISTING NONPOWERED DAMS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.), as amended by section 1308, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 38. PROMOTING HYDROPOWER DEVELOP-
MENT AT EXISTING NONPOWERED DAMS. 
‘‘(a) E XEMPTIONS FOR QUALIFYING FACILI -
TIES.— 
‘‘(1) E XEMPTION QUALIFICATIONS .—Subject to 
the requirements of this subsection, the Commis-sion may grant an exemption in whole or in part from the requirements of this part, including any license requirements contained in this part, to any facility the Commission determines is a qualifying facility. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION WITH FEDERAL AND STATE  
AGENCIES .—In granting any exemption under 
this subsection, the Commission shall consult with— 
‘‘(A) the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-
ice, the National Marine Fisheries Service, and the State agency exercising administrative con-trol over the fish and wildlife resources of the State in which the facility will be located, in the manner provided by the Fish and Wildlife Co-ordination Act; 
‘‘(B) any Federal department supervising any 
public lands or reservations occupied by the project; and 
‘‘(C) any Indian tribe affected by the project. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION CONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall in-
clude in any exemption granted under this sub-section only such terms and conditions that the Commission determines are— 
‘‘(i) necessary to protect public safety; or ‘‘(ii) reasonable, economically feasible, and es-
sential to prevent loss of or damage to, or to mitigate adverse effects on, fish and wildlife re-sources directly caused by the construction and operation of the qualifying facility, as compared to the environmental baseline existing at the time the Commission grants the exemption. 
‘‘(B) N
O CHANGES TO RELEASE REGIME .—No 
Federal authorization required with respect to a qualifying facility described in paragraph (1), including an exemption granted by the Commis-sion under this subsection, may include any condition or other requirement that results in any material change to the storage, control, withdrawal, diversion, release, or flow oper-ations of the associated qualifying nonpowered dam. 
‘‘(4) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—The Commis-
sion’s environmental review under the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8905 December 2, 2015 
Environmental Policy Act of 1969 of a proposed 
exemption under this subsection shall consist only of an environmental assessment, unless the Commission determines, by rule or order, that the Commission’s obligations under such Act for granting exemptions under this subsection can be met through a categorical exclusion. 
‘‘(5) V
IOLATION OF TERMS OF EXEMPTION .— 
Any violation of a term or condition of any ex-emption granted under this subsection shall be treated as a violation of a rule or order of the Commission under this Act. 
‘‘(6) A
NNUAL CHARGES FOR ENHANCEMENT AC -
TIVITIES .—Exemptees under this subsection for 
any facility located at a non-Federal dam shall pay to the United States reasonable annual charges in an amount to be fixed by the Com-mission for the purpose of funding environ-mental enhancement projects in watersheds in which facilities exempted under this subsection are located. Such annual charges shall be equiv-alent to the annual charges for use of a Govern-ment dam under section 10(e), unless the Com-
mission determines, by rule, that a lower charge is appropriate to protect exemptees’ investment in the project or avoid increasing the price to consumers of power due to such charges. The proceeds of charges made by the Commission under this paragraph shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States and credited to miscellaneous receipts. Subject to annual appro-priation Acts, such proceeds shall be available to Federal and State fish and wildlife agencies for purposes of carrying out specific environ-mental enhancement projects in watersheds in which one or more facilities exempted under this subsection are located. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall establish rules, after notice and opportunity for public comment, for the col-lection and administration of annual charges under this paragraph. 
‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF JURISDICTION .—The jurisdic-
tion of the Commission over any qualifying fa-cility exempted under this subsection shall ex-tend only to the qualifying facility exempted and any associated primary transmission line, and shall not extend to any conduit, dam, im-poundment, shoreline or other land, or any other project work associated with the quali-fying facility exempted under this subsection. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) F EDERAL AUTHORIZATION .—The term 
‘Federal authorization’ has the same meaning as provided in section 34. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFYING CRITERIA .—The term ‘quali-
fying criteria’ means, with respect to a facility— 
‘‘(A) as of the date of enactment of this sec-
tion, the facility is not licensed under, or ex-empted from the license requirements contained in, this part; 
‘‘(B) the facility will be associated with a 
qualifying nonpowered dam; 
‘‘(C) the facility will be constructed, operated, 
and maintained for the generation of electric power; 
‘‘(D) the facility will use for such generation 
any withdrawals, diversions, releases, or flows from the associated qualifying nonpowered dam, including its associated impoundment or other infrastructure; and 
‘‘(E) the operation of the facility will not re-
sult in any material change to the storage, con-trol, withdrawal, diversion, release, or flow op-erations of the associated qualifying nonpow-ered dam. 
‘‘(3) Q
UALIFYING FACILITY .—The term ‘quali-
fying facility’ means a facility that is deter-mined under this section to meet the qualifying criteria. 
‘‘(4) Q
UALIFYING NONPOWERED DAM .—The 
term ‘qualifying nonpowered dam’ means any dam, dike, embankment, or other barrier— 
‘‘(A) the construction of which was completed 
on or before the date of enactment of this sec-tion; 
‘‘(B) that is operated for the control, release, 
or distribution of water for agricultural, munic-ipal, navigational, industrial, commercial, envi-
ronmental, recreational, aesthetic, or flood con-trol purposes; 
‘‘(C) that, as of the date of enactment of this 
section, is not equipped with hydropower gener-ating works that are licensed under, or exempt-ed from the license requirements contained in, this part; and 
‘‘(D) that, in the case of a non-Federal dam, 
has been certified by an independent consultant approved by the Commission as complying with the Commission’s dam safety requirements.’’. 
TITLE II—21ST CENTURY WORKFORCE 
SEC. 2001. ENERGY AND MANUFACTURING WORK-
FORCE DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy (in 
this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish and carry out a comprehensive pro-gram to improve education and training for en-ergy and manufacturing-related jobs in order to increase the number of skilled workers trained to work in energy and manufacturing-related fields, including by— 
(1) encouraging underrepresented groups, in-
cluding religious and ethnic minorities, women, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and socioeconomically disadvantaged individuals to enter into the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (in this section referred to as ‘‘STEM’’) fields; 
(2) encouraging the Nation’s education system 
to equip students with the skills, mentorships, training, and technical expertise necessary to fill the employment opportunities vital to man-aging and operating the Nation’s energy and manufacturing industries; 
(3) providing students and other candidates 
for employment with the necessary skills and certifications for skilled, semiskilled, and highly skilled energy and manufacturing-related jobs; and 
(4) strengthening and more fully engaging De-
partment of Energy programs and labs in car-rying out the Department’s Minorities in Energy Initiative. 
(b) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall make edu-
cating and training underrepresented groups for energy and manufacturing-related jobs a na-tional priority under the program established under subsection (a). 
(c) D
IRECT ASSISTANCE .—In carrying out the 
program established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide direct assistance (includ-ing financial assistance awards, technical ex-pertise, wraparound services, career coaching, mentorships, internships, and partnerships) to schools, community colleges, workforce develop-ment organizations, nonprofit organizations, labor organizations, apprenticeship programs, and minority serving institutions. The Secretary shall distribute direct assistance in a manner proportional to energy and manufacturing in-dustry needs and demand for jobs, consistent with information obtained under subsections (e)(3) and (i). 
(d) C
LEARINGHOUSE .—In carrying out the pro-
gram established under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall establish a clearinghouse to— 
(1) maintain and update information and re-
sources on training and workforce development programs for energy and manufacturing-related jobs, including job training and workforce de-velopment programs available to assist displaced and unemployed energy and manufacturing workers transitioning to new employment; and 
(2) act as a resource, and provide guidance, 
for schools, community colleges, universities (in-cluding minority serving institutions), workforce development programs, labor-management orga-nizations, and industry organizations that would like to develop and implement energy and manufacturing-related training programs. 
(e) C
OLLABORATION .—In carrying out the pro-
gram established under subsection (a), the Sec-retary— 
(1) shall collaborate with schools, community 
colleges, universities (including minority serving institutions), workforce-training organizations, 
national laboratories, unions, State energy of-fices, workforce investment boards, and the en-ergy and manufacturing industries; 
(2) shall encourage and foster collaboration, 
mentorships, and partnerships among organiza-tions (including unions, industry, schools, com-munity colleges, workforce-development organi-zations, and colleges and universities) that cur-rently provide effective job training programs in the energy and manufacturing fields and insti-tutions (including schools, community colleges, workforce development programs, and colleges and universities) that seek to establish these types of programs in order to share best prac-tices and approaches that best suit local, State, and national needs; and 
(3) shall collaborate with the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, the Department of Commerce, the Bu-reau of the Census, and the energy and manu-facturing industries to develop a comprehensive and detailed understanding of the energy and manufacturing workforce needs and opportuni-ties by State and by region, and publish an an-nual report on energy and manufacturing job creation by the sectors enumerated in subsection (i). 
(f) G
UIDELINES FOR EDUCATIONAL INSTITU -
TIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the program 
established under subsection (a), the Secretary, in collaboration with the Secretary of Edu-cation, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary 
of Labor, the National Science Foundation, and industry shall develop voluntary guidelines and best practices for educational institutions of all levels, including for elementary and secondary schools and community colleges and for under-graduate, graduate, and postgraduate univer-sity programs, to help provide graduates with the skills necessary to work in energy and man-ufacturing-related jobs. 
(2) I
NPUT.—The Secretary shall solicit input 
from the oil, gas, coal, renewable, nuclear, util-ity, energy-intensive and advanced manufac-turing, and pipeline industries in developing guidelines under paragraph (1). 
(3) E
NERGY AND MANUFACTURING EFFICIENCY  
AND CONSERVATION INITIATIVES .—The guidelines 
developed under paragraph (1) shall include grade-specific guidelines for teaching energy and manufacturing efficiency and conservation initiatives to educate students and families. 
(4) STEM 
EDUCATION .—The guidelines devel-
oped under paragraph (1) shall promote STEM education as it relates to job opportunities in energy and manufacturing-related fields of study in schools, community colleges, and uni-versities nationally. 
(g) O
UTREACH TO MINORITY SERVING INSTITU -
TIONS .—In carrying out the program established 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) give special consideration to increasing 
outreach to minority serving institutions (in-cluding historically black colleges and univer-sities, predominantly black institutions, His-panic serving institutions, and tribal institu-tions); 
(2) make resources available to minority serv-
ing institutions with the objective of increasing the number of skilled minorities and women trained to go into the energy and manufac-turing sectors; 
(3) encourage industry to improve the oppor-
tunities for students of minority serving institu-tions to participate in industry internships and cooperative work/study programs; and 
(4) partner with the Department of Energy 
laboratories to increase underrepresented groups’ participation in internships, fellow-ships, traineeships, and employment at all De-partment of Energy laboratories. 
(h) O
UTREACH TO DISPLACED AND UNEM-
PLOYED ENERGY AND MANUFACTURING WORK-
ERS.—In carrying out the program established 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) give special consideration to increasing 
outreach to employers and job trainers pre-paring displaced and unemployed energy and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8906 December 2, 2015 
manufacturing workers for emerging energy and 
manufacturing jobs; 
(2) make resources available to institutions 
serving displaced and unemployed energy and manufacturing workers with the objective of training individuals to re-enter the energy and manufacturing workforce; 
(3) encourage the energy and manufacturing 
industries to improve opportunities for displaced and unemployed energy and manufacturing workers to participate in internships and coop-erative work/study programs; and 
(4) work closely with the energy and manu-
facturing industries to identify energy and man-ufacturing operations, such as coal-fired power plants and coal mines, scheduled for closure and to provide early intervention assistance to work-ers employed at such energy and manufacturing operations by— 
(A) giving special consideration to employers 
and job trainers preparing such workers for emerging energy and manufacturing jobs; 
(B) making resources available to institutions 
serving such workers with the objective of train-ing them to re-enter the energy and manufac-turing workforce; and 
(C) encouraging the energy and manufac-
turing industries to improve opportunities for such workers to participate in internships and cooperative work-study programs. 
(i) G
UIDELINES TODEVELOP SKILLS FOR AN  
ENERGY AND MANUFACTURING INDUSTRY WORK-
FORCE .—In carrying out the program estab-
lished under subsection (a), the Secretary shall collaborate with representatives from the energy and manufacturing industries (including the oil, gas, coal, nuclear, utility, pipeline, renewable, petrochemical, manufacturing, and electrical construction sectors) to identify the areas of highest need in each sector and to develop guidelines for the skills necessary to develop a workforce trained to go into the following sec-tors of the energy and manufacturing sectors: 
(1) Energy efficiency industry, including work 
in energy efficiency, conservation, weatheriza-tion, or retrofitting, or as inspectors or auditors. 
(2) Pipeline industry, including work in pipe-
line construction and maintenance or work as engineers or technical advisors. 
(3) Utility industry, including work in the 
generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity and natural gas, such as utility tech-nicians, operators, lineworkers, engineers, sci-entists, and information technology specialists. 
(4) Alternative fuels, including work in biofuel 
development and production. 
(5) Nuclear industry, including work as sci-
entists, engineers, technicians, mathematicians, or security personnel. 
(6) Oil and gas industry, including work as 
scientists, engineers, technicians, mathemati-cians, petrochemical engineers, or geologists. 
(7) Renewable industry, including work in the 
development, manufacturing, and production of renewable energy sources (such as solar, hydro-power, wind, or geothermal energy). 
(8) Coal industry, including work as coal min-
ers, engineers, developers and manufacturers of state-of-the-art coal facilities, technology ven-dors, coal transportation workers and operators, or mining equipment vendors. 
(9) Manufacturing industry, including work 
as operations technicians, operations and design in additive manufacturing, 3–D printing, ad-vanced composites, and advanced aluminum and other metal alloys, industrial energy effi-ciency management systems, including power electronics, and other innovative technologies. 
(10) Chemical manufacturing industry, in-
cluding work in construction (such as welders, pipefitters, and tool and die makers) or as in-strument and electrical technicians, machinists, chemical process operators, chemical engineers, quality and safety professionals, and reliability engineers. 
(j) E
NROLLMENT IN TRAINING AND APPRENTICE -
SHIP PROGRAMS .—In carrying out the program 
established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall work with industry, organized labor, and 
community-based workforce organizations to help identify students and other candidates, in-cluding from underrepresented communities such as minorities, women, and veterans, to en-roll into training and apprenticeship programs for energy and manufacturing-related jobs. 
TITLE III—ENERGY SECURITY AND 
DIPLOMACY 
SEC. 3001. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) North America’s energy revolution has sig-
nificantly enhanced energy security in the United States, and fundamentally changed the Nation’s energy future from that of scarcity to abundance. 
(2) North America’s energy abundance has in-
creased global energy supplies and reduced the price of energy for consumers in the United States and abroad. 
(3) Allies and trading partners of the United 
States, including in Europe and Asia, are seek-ing stable and affordable energy supplies from North America to enhance their energy security. 
(4) The United States has an opportunity to 
improve its energy security and promote greater stability and affordability of energy supplies for its allies and trading partners through a more integrated, secure, and competitive North Amer-ican energy system. 
(5) The United States also has an opportunity 
to promote such objectives by supporting the free flow of energy commodities and more open, transparent, and competitive global energy mar-kets, and through greater Federal agency co-ordination relating to regulations or agency ac-tions that significantly affect the supply, dis-tribution, or use of energy. 
SEC. 3002. ENERGY SECURITY VALUATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF ENERGY SECURITY  
VALUATION METHODS .—Not later than one year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Energy, in collaboration with the Sec-retary of State, shall develop and transmit, after public notice and comment, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report that develops rec-ommended United States energy security valu-ation methods. In developing the report, the Secretaries may consider the recommendations of the Administration’s Quadrennial Energy Re-view released on April 21, 2015. The report shall— 
(1) evaluate and define United States energy 
security to reflect modern domestic and global energy markets and the collective needs of the United States and its allies and partners; 
(2) identify transparent and uniform or co-
ordinated procedures and criteria to ensure that energy-related actions that significantly affect the supply, distribution, or use of energy are evaluated with respect to their potential impact on energy security, including their impact on— 
(A) consumers and the economy; (B) energy supply diversity and resiliency; (C) well-functioning and competitive energy 
markets; 
(D) United States trade balance; and (E) national security objectives; and (3) include a recommended implementation 
strategy that identifies and aims to ensure that the procedures and criteria referred to in para-graph (2) are— 
(A) evaluated consistently across the Federal 
Government; and 
(B) weighed appropriately and balanced with 
environmental considerations required by Fed-eral law. 
(b) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the report 
referred to in subsection (a), the Secretaries may consult with relevant Federal, State, private sector, and international participants, as appro-priate and consistent with applicable law. SEC. 3003. NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY 
PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Energy, in collaboration with the Sec-retary of State, shall develop and transmit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate the plan de-scribed in subsection (b). 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The plan referred to in sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) a recommended framework and implemen-
tation strategy to— 
(A) improve planning and coordination with 
Canada and Mexico to enhance energy integra-tion, strengthen North American energy secu-rity, and promote efficiencies in the exploration, production, storage, supply, distribution, mar-keting, pricing, and regulation of North Amer-ican energy resources; and 
(B) address— (i) North American energy public data, statis-
tics, and mapping collaboration; 
(ii) responsible and sustainable best practices 
for the development of unconventional oil and natural gas; and 
(iii) modern, resilient energy infrastructure for 
North America, including physical infrastruc-ture as well as institutional infrastructure such as policies, regulations, and practices relating to energy development; and 
(2) a recommended framework and implemen-
tation strategy to improve collaboration with Caribbean and Central American partners on energy security, including actions to support— 
(A) more open, transparent, and competitive 
energy markets; 
(B) regulatory capacity building; (C) improvements to energy transmission and 
storage; and 
(D) improvements to the performance of en-
ergy infrastructure and efficiency. 
(c) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the plan 
referred to in subsection (a), the Secretaries may consult with other Federal, State, private sector, and international participants, as appropriate and consistent with applicable law. 
SEC. 3004. COLLECTIVE ENERGY SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
and the Secretary of State shall collaborate to strengthen domestic energy security and the en-ergy security of the allies and trading partners of the United States, including through actions that support or facilitate— 
(1) energy diplomacy; (2) the delivery of United States assistance, 
including energy resources and technologies, to prevent or mitigate an energy security crisis; 
(3) the development of environmentally and 
commercially sustainable energy resources; 
(4) open, transparent, and competitive energy 
markets; and 
(5) regulatory capacity building. (b) E
NERGY SECURITY FORUMS .—Not later 
than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of State, shall convene not less than 2 forums to promote the collective energy security of the United States and its al-lies and trading partners. The forums shall in-clude participation by the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of State. In addition, an invi-tation shall be extended to— 
(1) appropriate representatives of foreign gov-
ernments that are allies or trading partners of the United States; and 
(2) independent experts and industry rep-
resentatives. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The forums shall— 
(1) consist of at least one Trans-Atlantic and 
one Trans-Pacific energy security forum; 
(2) be designed to foster dialogue among gov-
ernment officials, independent experts, and in-dustry representatives regarding— 
(A) the current state of global energy markets; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8907 December 2, 2015 
(B) trade and investment issues relevant to 
energy; and 
(C) barriers to more open, competitive, and 
transparent energy markets; and 
(3) be recorded and made publicly available on 
the Department of Energy’s website, including, not later than 30 days after each forum, publi-cation on the website any significant outcomes. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION .—At least 30 days before 
each of the forums referred to in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall send a notification regarding the forum to— 
(1) the chair and the ranking minority member 
of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the chair and ranking minority member of 
the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 3005. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE MIS-
SION READINESS PLAN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall conduct a long-range strategic review of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve and develop and transmit to Congress a plan that includes an analysis and implementation schedule that— 
(1) specifies near-term and long-term roles of 
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve relative to United States energy security and economic goals and objectives; 
(2) describes existing legal authorities gov-
erning the policies, configuration, and capabili-ties of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve; 
(3) identifies Strategic Petroleum Reserve con-
figuration and performance capabilities and rec-ommends an action plan to achieve the opti-mal— 
(A) capacity, location, and composition of pe-
troleum products in the Reserve; and 
(B) storage and distributional capabilities; 
and 
(4) estimates the resources required to attain 
and maintain the Strategic Petroleum Reserve’s long-term sustainability and operational effec-tiveness. 
SEC. 3006. AUTHORIZATION TO EXPORT NATURAL 
GAS. 
(a) D ECISION DEADLINE .—For proposals that 
must also obtain authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the United States Maritime Administration to site, con-struct, expand, or operate LNG export facilities, the Department of Energy shall issue a final de-cision on any application for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3 of the Nat-ural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) not later than 30 days after the later of— 
(1) the conclusion of the review to site, con-
struct, expand, or operate the LNG facilities re-quired by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or 
(2) the date of enactment of this Act. (b) C
ONCLUSION OF REVIEW .—For purposes of 
subsection (a), review required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 shall be con-sidered concluded— 
(1) for a project requiring an Environmental 
Impact Statement, 30 days after publication of a Final Environmental Impact Statement; 
(2) for a project for which an Environmental 
Assessment has been prepared, 30 days after publication by the Department of Energy of a Finding of No Significant Impact; and 
(3) upon a determination by the lead agency 
that an application is eligible for a categorical exclusion pursuant to National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 implementing regulations. 
(c) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF EXPORT DESTINA -
TIONS .—Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 
U.S.C. 717b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF LNG E XPORT  
DESTINATIONS .—As a condition for approval of 
any authorization to export LNG, the Secretary of Energy shall require the applicant to publicly disclose the specific destination or destinations 
of any such authorized LNG exports.’’. 
TITLE IV—ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
Subtitle A—Energy Efficiency 
CHAPTER 1—FEDERAL AGENCY ENERGY 
EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 4111. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAV-
ING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subtitle C of title V of the 
Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 121 Stat. 1661) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 530. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAV-
ING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term 
‘information technology’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION  
STRATEGY .—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of this section, each Federal agen-cy shall coordinate with the Director, the Sec-retary, and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to develop an imple-mentation strategy (that includes best practices and measurement and verification techniques) for the maintenance, purchase, and use by the Federal agency of energy-efficient and energy- saving information technologies, taking into consideration the performance goals established under subsection (d). 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—In developing an im-
plementation strategy under subsection (b), each Federal agency shall consider— 
‘‘(1) advanced metering infrastructure; ‘‘(2) energy-efficient data center strategies 
and methods of increasing asset and infrastruc-ture utilization; 
‘‘(3) advanced power management tools; ‘‘(4) building information modeling, including 
building energy management; 
‘‘(5) secure telework and travel substitution 
tools; and 
‘‘(6) mechanisms to ensure that the agency re-
alizes the energy cost savings brought about through increased efficiency and utilization. 
‘‘(d) P
ERFORMANCE GOALS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Director, in consultation with the Secretary, shall establish performance goals for evaluating the efforts of Federal agencies in improving the maintenance, purchase, and use of energy-effi-cient and energy-saving information technology. 
‘‘(2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Chief Information 
Officers Council established under section 3603 of title 44, United States Code, shall recommend best practices for the attainment of the perform-ance goals, which shall include Federal agency consideration of, to the extent applicable by law, the use of— 
‘‘(A) energy savings performance contracting; 
and 
‘‘(B) utility energy services contracting. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A GENCY REPORTS .—Each Federal agency 
shall include in the report of the agency under section 527 a description of the efforts and re-sults of the agency under this section. 
‘‘(2) OMB 
GOVERNMENT EFFICIENCY REPORTS  
AND SCORECARDS .—Effective beginning not later 
than October 1, 2017, the Director shall include in the annual report and scorecard of the Direc-tor required under section 528 a description of the efforts and results of Federal agencies under this section.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Energy Independence and Secu-rity Act of 2007 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 529 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 530. Energy-efficient and energy-saving 
information technologies.’’. SEC. 4112. ENERGY EFFICIENT DATA CENTERS. 
Section 453 of the Energy Independence and 
Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17112) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(D)(iv), by striking ‘‘de-
termined by the organization’’ and inserting ‘‘proposed by the stakeholders’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (b)(3); and (3) by striking subsections (c) through (g) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDER INVOLVEMENT .—The Sec-
retary and the Administrator shall carry out subsection (b) in collaboration with the informa-tion technology industry and other key stake-holders, with the goal of producing results that accurately reflect the most relevant and useful information available. In such collaboration, the Secretary and the Administrator shall pay particular attention to organizations that— 
‘‘(1) have members with expertise in energy ef-
ficiency and in the development, operation, and functionality of data centers, information tech-nology equipment, and software, such as rep-resentatives of hardware manufacturers, data center operators, and facility managers; 
‘‘(2) obtain and address input from Depart-
ment of Energy National Laboratories or any college, university, research institution, indus-try association, company, or public interest group with applicable expertise; 
‘‘(3) follow— ‘‘(A) commonly accepted procedures for the 
development of specifications; and 
‘‘(B) accredited standards development proc-
esses; and 
‘‘(4) have a mission to promote energy effi-
ciency for data centers and information tech-nology. 
‘‘(d) M
EASUREMENTS AND SPECIFICATIONS .— 
The Secretary and the Administrator shall con-sider and assess the adequacy of the specifica-tions, measurements, best practices, and bench-marks described in subsection (b) for use by the Federal Energy Management Program, the En-ergy Star Program, and other efficiency pro-grams of the Department of Energy or the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(e) S
TUDY .—The Secretary, in collaboration 
with the Administrator, shall, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, make available to the public an up-date to the Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency published on Au-gust 2, 2007, under section 1 of Public Law 109– 431 (120 Stat. 2920), that provides— 
‘‘(1) a comparison and gap analysis of the es-
timates and projections contained in the origi-nal report with new data regarding the period from 2008 through 2015; 
‘‘(2) an analysis considering the impact of in-
formation technologies, including virtualization and cloud computing, in the public and private sectors; 
‘‘(3) an evaluation of the impact of the com-
bination of cloud platforms, mobile devices, so-cial media, and big data on data center energy usage; 
‘‘(4) an evaluation of water usage in data cen-
ters and recommendations for reductions in such water usage; and 
‘‘(5) updated projections and recommenda-
tions for best practices through fiscal year 2020. 
‘‘(f) D
ATA CENTER ENERGY PRACTITIONER  
PROGRAM .—The Secretary, in collaboration with 
key stakeholders and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall maintain a data center energy practitioner program that leads to the certification of energy practitioners qualified to evaluate the energy usage and effi-ciency opportunities in Federal data centers. Each Federal agency shall consider having the data centers of the agency evaluated every 4 years, in accordance with section 543(f) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253), by energy practitioners certified pursuant to such program. 
‘‘(g) O
PENDATAINITIATIVE .—The Secretary, 
in collaboration with key stakeholders and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8908 December 2, 2015 
Director of the Office of Management and 
Budget, shall establish an open data initiative for Federal data center energy usage data, with the purpose of making such data available and accessible in a manner that encourages further data center innovation, optimization, and con-solidation. In establishing the initiative, the Secretary shall consider the use of the online Data Center Maturity Model. 
‘‘(h) I
NTERNATIONAL SPECIFICATIONS AND  
METRICS .—The Secretary, in collaboration with 
key stakeholders, shall actively participate in efforts to harmonize global specifications and metrics for data center energy and water effi-ciency. 
‘‘(i) D
ATACENTER UTILIZATION METRIC .—The 
Secretary, in collaboration with key stake-holders, shall facilitate the development of an efficiency metric that measures the energy effi-ciency of a data center (including equipment and facilities). 
‘‘(j) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary and the Administrator 
shall not disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets provided by any individual or company for the purposes of carrying out this section or the programs and initiatives estab-lished under this section.’’. 
SEC. 4113. REPORT ON ENERGY AND WATER SAV-
INGS POTENTIAL FROM THERMAL INSULATION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with appropriate Fed-eral agencies and relevant stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the impact of thermal insulation on both energy and water use sys-tems for potable hot and chilled water in Fed-eral buildings, and the return on investment of installing such insulation. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— 
(1) an analysis based on the cost of municipal 
or regional water for delivered water and the avoided cost of new water; and 
(2) a summary of energy and water savings, 
including short-term and long-term (20 years) projections of such savings. 
SEC. 4114. FEDERAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 203(b) of the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852(b)) is amend-ed by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY .—The term ‘renew-
able energy’ means electric energy, or thermal energy if resulting from a thermal energy project placed in service after December 31, 2014, gen-erated from, or avoided by, solar, wind, biomass, landfill gas, ocean (including tidal, wave, cur-rent, and thermal), geothermal, municipal solid waste (in accordance with subsection (e)), quali-fied waste heat resource, or new hydroelectric generation capacity achieved from increased ef-ficiency or additions of new capacity at an ex-isting hydroelectric project. 
‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED WASTE HEAT RESOURCE .—The 
term ‘qualified waste heat resource’ means— 
‘‘(A) exhaust heat or flared gas from any in-
dustrial process; 
‘‘(B) waste gas or industrial tail gas that 
would otherwise be flared, incinerated, or vent-ed; 
‘‘(C) a pressure drop in any gas for an indus-
trial or commercial process; or 
‘‘(D) such other forms of waste heat as the 
Secretary determines appropriate.’’. 
(b) P
APER RECYCLING .—Section 203 of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) P
APER RECYCLING .— 
‘‘(1) S EPARATE COLLECTION .—For purposes of 
this section, any Federal agency may consider electric energy generation purchased from a fa-cility to be renewable energy if the municipal solid waste used by the facility to generate the electricity is— ‘‘(A) separately collected (within the meaning 
of section 246.101(z) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enact-ment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015) from paper that is commonly recycled; and 
‘‘(B) processed in a way that keeps paper that 
is commonly recycled segregated from non-recy-clable solid waste. 
‘‘(2) I
NCIDENTAL INCLUSION .—Municipal solid 
waste used to generate electric energy that meets the conditions described in paragraph (1) shall be considered renewable energy even if the municipal solid waste contains incidental com-monly recycled paper. 
‘‘(3) N
O EFFECT ON EXISTING PROCESSES .— 
Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be interpreted to require a State or political subdivision of a State, directly or indirectly, to change the sys-tems, processes, or equipment it uses to collect, treat, dispose of, or otherwise use municipal solid waste, within the meaning of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), nor require a change to the regulations that imple-ment subtitle D of such Act (42 U.S.C. 6941 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 4115. ENERGY PERFORMANCE REQUIRE-
MENT FOR FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
Section 543 of the National Energy Conserva-
tion Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(a) E NERGY PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENT FOR  
FEDERAL BUILDINGS .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
each agency shall apply energy conservation measures to, and shall improve the design for the construction of, the Federal buildings of the agency (including each industrial or laboratory facility) so that the energy consumption per gross square foot of the Federal buildings of the agency in fiscal years 2006 through 2017 is re-duced, as compared with the energy consump-tion per gross square foot of the Federal build-ings of the agency in fiscal year 2003, by the percentage specified in the following table: 
Percentage 
‘‘Fiscal Year Reduction 
2006 ............................................ 2 2007 ............................................ 4 2008 ............................................ 9 2009 ............................................ 12 2010 ............................................ 15 2011 ............................................ 18 2012 ............................................ 21 2013 ............................................ 24 2014 ............................................ 27 2015 ............................................ 30 2016 ............................................ 33 2017 ............................................ 36. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION FOR BUILDINGS WITH ENERGY  
INTENSIVE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An agency may exclude 
from the requirements of paragraph (1) any building (including the associated energy con-sumption and gross square footage) in which en-ergy intensive activities are carried out. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .—Each agency shall identify 
and list in each report made under section 548(a) the buildings designated by the agency for exclusion under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) R
EVIEW .—Not later than December 31, 
2017, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) review the results of the implementation 
of the energy performance requirements estab-lished under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) based on the review conducted under 
subparagraph (A), submit to Congress a report that addresses the feasibility of requiring each agency to apply energy conservation measures to, and improve the design for the construction of, the Federal buildings of the agency (includ-ing each industrial or laboratory facility) so that the energy consumption per gross square foot of the Federal buildings of the agency in each of fiscal years 2018 through 2030 is re-duced, as compared with the energy consump-tion per gross square foot of the Federal build-
ings of the agency in the prior fiscal year, by 3 percent.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), 
and (G) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), re-spectively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the 
following: 
‘‘(E) O
NGOING COMMISSIONING .—The term ‘on-
going commissioning’ means an ongoing process of commissioning using monitored data, the pri-mary goal of which is to ensure continuous opti-mum performance of a facility, in accordance with design or operating needs, over the useful life of the facility, while meeting facility occu-pancy requirements.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(C) E
NERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .—An en-
ergy manager designated under subparagraph (A) shall consider use of a system to manage en-ergy use at the facility and certification of the facility in accordance with the International Organization for Standardization standard numbered 50001 and entitled ‘Energy Manage-ment Systems’.’’; 
(C) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(3) E
NERGY AND WATER EVALUATIONS AND  
COMMISSIONING .— 
‘‘(A) E VALUATIONS .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), effective beginning on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and In-frastructure Act of 2015, and annually there-after, each energy manager shall complete, for each calendar year, a comprehensive energy and water evaluation and recommissioning or retrocommissioning for approximately 25 percent of the facilities of that energy manager’s agency that meet the criteria under paragraph (2)(B) in a manner that ensures that an evaluation of each facility is completed at least once every 4 years. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—An evaluation and re-
commissioning or recommissioning shall not be required under subparagraph (A) with respect to a facility that— 
‘‘(i) has had a comprehensive energy and 
water evaluation during the 8-year period pre-ceding the date of the evaluation; 
‘‘(ii)(I) has been commissioned, recommis-
sioned, or retrocommissioned during the 10-year period preceding the date of the evaluation; or 
‘‘(II) is under ongoing commissioning, re-
commissioning, or retrocommissioning; 
‘‘(iii) has not had a major change in function 
or use since the previous evaluation and com-missioning, recommissioning, or retrocommissioning; 
‘‘(iv) has been benchmarked with public dis-
closure under paragraph (8) within the year preceding the evaluation; and 
‘‘(v)(I) based on the benchmarking, has 
achieved at a facility level the most recent cu-mulative energy savings target under subsection (a) compared to the earlier of— 
‘‘(aa) the date of the most recent evaluation; 
or 
‘‘(bb) the date— ‘‘(AA) of the most recent commissioning, re-
commissioning, or retrocommissioning; or 
‘‘(BB) on which ongoing commissioning, re-
commissioning, or retrocommissioning began; or 
‘‘(II) has a long-term contract in place guar-
anteeing energy savings at least as great as the energy savings target under subclause (I). 
‘‘(4) I
MPLEMENTATION OF IDENTIFIED ENERGY  
AND WATER EFFICIENCY MEASURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of completion of each evaluation under paragraph (3), each energy manager may— 
‘‘(i) implement any energy- or water-saving 
measure that the Federal agency identified in the evaluation conducted under paragraph (3) that is life-cycle cost effective; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8909 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(ii) bundle individual measures of varying 
paybacks together into combined projects. 
‘‘(B) M EASURES NOT IMPLEMENTED .—Each en-
ergy manager, as part of the certification system under paragraph (7) and using guidelines devel-oped by the Secretary, shall provide an expla-nation regarding any life-cycle cost-effective measures described in subparagraph (A)(i) that have not been implemented.’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (7)(C), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(iii) S
UMMARY REPORT .—The Secretary shall 
make publicly available a report that summa-rizes the information tracked under subpara-graph (B)(i) by each agency and, as applicable, by each type of measure.’’. 
SEC. 4116. FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFI-
CIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS; CERTIFICATION SYSTEM AND LEVEL FOR FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 303 of the Energy 
Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6832) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘to be con-
structed’’ and inserting ‘‘constructed or al-tered’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) M
AJOR RENOVATION .—The term ‘major 
renovation’ means a modification of building energy systems sufficiently extensive that the whole building can meet energy standards for new buildings, based on criteria to be estab-lished by the Secretary through notice and com-ment rulemaking.’’. 
(b) F
EDERAL BUILDING EFFICIENCY STAND -
ARDS.—Section 305 of the Energy Conservation 
and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3)(A) Not later than’’ and all 
that follows through the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) R
EVISED FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFI -
CIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS ; CERTIFI -
CATION FOR GREEN BUILDINGS .— 
‘‘(A) R EVISED FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFI -
CIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, the Secretary shall establish, by rule, revised Federal building energy efficiency performance standards that require that— 
‘‘(I) new Federal buildings and alterations 
and additions to existing Federal buildings— 
‘‘(aa) meet or exceed the most recent revision 
of the IECC (in the case of residential buildings) or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 (in the case of com-mercial buildings) as of the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(bb) meet or exceed the energy provisions of 
State and local building codes applicable to the building, if the codes are more stringent than the IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1, as applica-ble; 
‘‘(II) unless demonstrated not to be life-cycle 
cost effective for new Federal buildings and Federal buildings with major renovations— 
‘‘(aa) the buildings be designed to achieve en-
ergy consumption levels that are at least 30 per-cent below the levels established in the version of the ASHRAE Standard or the IECC, as ap-propriate, that is applied under subclause (I)(aa), including updates under subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(bb) sustainable design principles are applied 
to the location, siting, design, and construction of all new Federal buildings and replacement Federal buildings; 
‘‘(III) if water is used to achieve energy effi-
ciency, water conservation technologies shall be applied to the extent that the technologies are life-cycle cost effective; and 
‘‘(IV) if life-cycle cost effective, as compared 
to other reasonably available technologies, not less than 30 percent of the hot water demand for each new Federal building or Federal building undergoing a major renovation be met through 
the installation and use of solar hot water heat-ers. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i)(I) shall not 
apply to unaltered portions of existing Federal buildings and systems that have been added to or altered. 
‘‘(B) U
PDATES .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of approval of each subsequent revision of ASHRAE Standard 90.1 or the IECC, as ap-propriate, the Secretary shall determine whether the revised standards established under sub-paragraph (A) should be updated to reflect the revisions, based on the energy savings and life- cycle cost effectiveness of the revisions.’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(C) In 
the budget request’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) B
UDGET REQUEST .—In the budget re-
quest’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘(D) Not later than’’ and all 
that follows through the end of the first sen-tence of clause (i)(III) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(D) C
ERTIFICATION FOR GREEN BUILDINGS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—’’; 
(ii) by striking clause (ii); (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘(iii) In identi-
fying’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In identifying’’; 
(iv) in clause (iv)— (I) by striking ‘‘(iv) At least once’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(iii) S
TUDY .—At least once’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘clause (iii)’’ and inserting 
‘‘clause (ii)’’; 
(v) in clause (v)— (I) by striking ‘‘(v) The Secretary may’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(iv) I
NTERNAL CERTIFICATION PROCESSES .— 
The Secretary may’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘clause (i)(III)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; 
(vi) in clause (vi)— (I) by striking ‘‘(vi) With respect’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(v) P
RIVATIZED MILITARY HOUSING .—With re-
spect’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘develop alternative criteria to 
those established by subclauses (I) and (III) of clause (i) that achieve an equivalent result in terms of energy savings, sustainable design, and’’ and inserting ‘‘develop alternative certifi-cation systems and levels than the systems and levels identified under clause (i) that achieve an equivalent result in terms of’’; and 
(vii) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘(vii) In addi-
tion to’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(vi) W
ATER CONSERVATION TECHNOLOGIES .— 
In addition to’’; and 
(2) by striking subsections (c) and (d) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(c) P ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) every 5 years, review the Federal building 
energy standards established under this section; and 
‘‘(2) on completion of a review under para-
graph (1), if the Secretary determines that sig-nificant energy savings would result, upgrade the standards to include all new energy effi-ciency and renewable energy measures that are technologically feasible and economically justi-fied.’’. 
SEC. 4117. OPERATION OF BATTERY RECHARGING 
STATIONS IN PARKING AREAS USED BY FEDERAL EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The head of any office of the 
Federal Government which owns or operates a parking area for the use of its employees (either directly or indirectly through a contractor) may install, construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station in such area for the use of privately owned ve-hicles of employees of the office and others who are authorized to park in such area. 
(2) U
SE OF VENDORS .—The head of an office 
may carry out paragraph (1) through a contract with a vendor, under such terms and conditions 
(including terms relating to the allocation be-tween the office and the vendor of the costs of carrying out the contract) as the head of the of-fice and the vendor may agree to. 
(b) I
MPOSITION OF FEESTOCOVER COSTS.— 
(1) F EES.—The head of an office of the Fed-
eral Government which operates and maintains a battery recharging station under this section shall charge fees to the individuals who use the station in such amount as is necessary to ensure that office recovers all of the costs it incurs in installing, constructing, operating, and main-taining the station. 
(2) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .—Any 
fees collected by the head of an office under this subsection shall be— 
(A) deposited monthly in the Treasury to the 
credit of the appropriations account for salaries and expenses of the office; and 
(B) available for obligation without further 
appropriation during— 
(i) the fiscal year collected; and (ii) the fiscal year following the fiscal year 
collected. 
(c) N
OEFFECT ON EXISTING PROGRAMS FOR  
HOUSE AND SENATE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to affect the installation, con-struction, operation, or maintenance of battery recharging stations by the Architect of the Cap-itol— 
(1) under Public Law 112–170 (2 U.S.C. 2171), 
relating to employees of the House of Represent-atives and individuals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the House of Representatives on the Capitol Grounds; or 
(2) under Public Law 112–167 (2 U.S.C. 2170), 
relating to employees of the Senate and individ-uals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Senate on the Cap-itol Grounds. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply 
with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each suc-ceeding fiscal year. 
CHAPTER 2—ENERGY EFFICIENT 
TECHNOLOGY AND MANUFACTURING 
SEC. 4121. INCLUSION OF SMART GRID CAPA-
BILITY ON ENERGY GUIDE LABELS. 
Section 324(a)(2) of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294(a)(2)) is amended by adding the following at the end: 
‘‘(J) S
MART GRID CAPABILITY ON ENERGY GUIDE  
LABELS .— 
‘‘(i) R ULE.—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Commission shall initiate a rulemaking to con-sider making a special note in a prominent man-ner on any Energy Guide label for any product that includes Smart Grid capability that— 
‘‘(I) Smart Grid capability is a feature of that 
product; 
‘‘(II) the use and value of that feature depend 
on the Smart Grid capability of the utility sys-tem in which the product is installed and the active utilization of that feature by the cus-tomer; and 
‘‘(III) on a utility system with Smart Grid ca-
pability, the use of the product’s Smart Grid ca-pability could reduce the customer’s cost of the product’s annual operation as a result of the in-cremental energy and electricity cost savings that would result from the customer taking full advantage of such Smart Grid capability. 
‘‘(ii) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Commission shall complete the rulemaking initi-ated under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 4122. VOLUNTARY VERIFICATION PROGRAMS 
FOR AIR CONDITIONING, FURNACE, BOILER, HEAT PUMP, AND WATER HEATER PRODUCTS. 
Section 326(b) of the Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6296(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) V
OLUNTARY VERIFICATION PROGRAMS FOR  
AIR CONDITIONING , FURNACE , BOILER , HEAT 
PUMP , AND WATER HEATER PRODUCTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8910 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(A) R ELIANCE ON VOLUNTARY PROGRAMS .— 
For the purpose of verifying compliance with energy conservation standards established under sections 325 and 342 for covered products described in paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (9), and (11) of section 322(a) and covered equipment de-scribed in subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), (F), (I), (J), and (K) of section 340(1), the Secretary shall rely on testing conducted by recognized vol-untary verification programs that are recog-nized by the Secretary in accordance with sub-paragraph (B). 
‘‘(B) R
ECOGNITION OF VOLUNTARY  
VERIFICATION PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall initiate a negotiated rule-making in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’) to develop criteria that have con-sensus support for achieving recognition by the Secretary as an approved voluntary verification program. Any subsequent amendment to such criteria may be made only pursuant to a subse-quent negotiated rulemaking in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The criteria 
developed under clause (i) shall, at a minimum, ensure that a voluntary verification program— 
‘‘(I) is nationally recognized; ‘‘(II) is operated by a third party and not di-
rectly operated by a program participant; 
‘‘(III) satisfies any applicable elements of— ‘‘(aa) International Organization for Stand-
ardization standard numbered 17025; and 
‘‘(bb) any other relevant International Orga-
nization for Standardization standards identi-fied and agreed to through the negotiated rule-making under clause (i); 
‘‘(IV) at least annually tests independently 
obtained products following the test procedures established under this title to verify the certified rating of a representative sample of products and equipment within the scope of the program; 
‘‘(V) maintains a publicly available list of all 
ratings of products subject to verification; 
‘‘(VI) requires the changing of the perform-
ance rating or removal of the product or equip-ment from the program if testing determines that the performance rating does not meet the levels the manufacturer has certified to the Secretary; 
‘‘(VII) requires new program participants to 
substantiate ratings through test data generated in accordance with Department of Energy regu-lations; 
‘‘(VIII) allows for challenge testing of prod-
ucts and equipment within the scope of the pro-gram; 
‘‘(IX) requires program participants to dis-
close the performance rating of all covered prod-ucts and equipment within the scope of the pro-gram for the covered product or equipment; 
‘‘(X) provides to the Secretary— ‘‘(aa) an annual report of all test results, the 
contents of which shall be determined through the negotiated rulemaking process under clause (i); and 
‘‘(bb) test reports, on the request of the Sec-
retary, that note any instructions specified by the manufacturer or the representative of the manufacturer for the purpose of conducting the verification testing, to be exempted from disclo-sure under section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code; and 
‘‘(XI) satisfies any additional requirements or 
standards that the Secretary shall establish con-sistent with this subparagraph. 
‘‘(iii) C
ESSATION OF RECOGNITION .—The Sec-
retary may only cease recognition of a vol-untary verification program as an approved pro-gram described in subparagraph (A) upon a finding that the program is not meeting its obli-gations for compliance through program review criteria developed during the negotiated rule-making conducted under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(C) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not re-
quire— 
‘‘(I) manufacturers to participate in a recog-
nized voluntary verification program described in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(II) participating manufacturers to provide 
information that has already been provided to the Secretary. 
‘‘(ii) L
IST OF COVERED PRODUCTS .—The Sec-
retary may maintain a publicly available list of covered products and equipment that distin-guishes between products that are and are not covered products and equipment verified through a recognized voluntary verification pro-gram described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(iii) P
ERIODIC VERIFICATION TESTING .—The 
Secretary— 
‘‘(I) shall not subject products or equipment 
that have been verification tested under a recog-nized voluntary verification program described in subparagraph (A) to periodic verification testing to verify the accuracy of the certified performance rating of the products or equip-ment; but 
‘‘(II) may require testing of products or equip-
ment described in subclause (I)— 
‘‘(aa) if the testing is necessary— ‘‘(AA) to assess the overall performance of a 
voluntary verification program; 
‘‘(BB) to address specific performance issues; ‘‘(CC) for use in updating test procedures and 
standards; or 
‘‘(DD) for other purposes consistent with this 
title; or 
‘‘(bb) if such testing is agreed to during the 
negotiated rulemaking conducted under sub-paragraph (B). 
‘‘(D) E
FFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITY .—Nothing 
in this paragraph limits the authority of the Secretary to enforce compliance with any law.’’. 
SEC. 4123. FACILITATING CONSENSUS FURNACE 
STANDARDS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND DECLARA -
TION OF PURPOSE .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) acting pursuant to the requirements of 
section 325 of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6295), the Secretary of En-ergy is considering amending the energy con-servation standards applicable to residential nonweatherized gas furnaces and mobile home gas furnaces; 
(B) numerous stakeholders, representing man-
ufacturers, distributors, and installers of resi-dential nonweatherized gas furnaces and mobile home furnaces, natural gas utilities, home builders, multifamily property owners, and en-ergy efficiency, environmental, and consumer advocates have begun negotiations in an at-tempt to agree on a consensus recommendation to the Secretary on levels for such standards that will meet the statutory criteria; and 
(C) the stakeholders believe these negotiations 
are likely to result in a consensus recommenda-tion, but several of the stakeholders do not sup-port suspending the current rulemaking. 
(2) P
URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this section 
to provide the stakeholders described in para-graph (1) with an opportunity to continue nego-tiations for a limited time period to facilitate the proposal for adoption of standards that enjoy consensus support, while not delaying the cur-rent rulemaking except to the extent necessary to provide such opportunity. 
(b) O
PPORTUNITY FOR A NEGOTIATED FURNACE  
STANDARD .—Section 325(f)(4) of the Energy Pol-
icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(f)(4)) is amended by adding after subparagraph (D) the following: 
‘‘(E)(i) Unless the Secretary has published 
such a notice prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish, not later than October 31, 2015, a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking or a notice of data avail-ability updating the proposed rule entitled ‘En-ergy Conservation Program for Consumer Prod-ucts: Energy Conservation Standards for Resi-dential Furnaces’ and published in the Federal Register on March 12, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 13119), 
to provide notice and an opportunity for com-ment on— 
‘‘(I) dividing nonweatherized gas furnaces 
into two or more product classes with separate energy conservation standards based on capac-ity; and 
‘‘(II) any other matters the Secretary deter-
mines appropriate. 
‘‘(ii) On receipt of a statement that is sub-
mitted on or before January 1, 2016, jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view, that contains rec-ommended standards for nonweatherized gas furnaces and mobile home gas furnaces that are consistent with the requirements of this part (except that the date on which such standards will apply may be earlier or later than the date required under this part), the Secretary shall evaluate the standards proposed in the joint statement for consistency with the requirements of subsection (o), and shall publish notice of the potential adoption of the standards proposed in the joint statement, modified as necessary to en-sure consistency with subsection (o). The Sec-retary shall solicit public comment for a period of at least 30 days with respect to such notice. 
‘‘(iii) Not later than July 31, 2016, but not be-
fore July 1, 2016, the Secretary shall publish a final rule containing a determination of wheth-er the standards for nonweatherized gas fur-naces and mobile home gas furnaces should be amended. Such rule shall contain any such amendments to the standards.’’. 
SEC. 4124. FUTURE OF INDUSTRY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 452 of the Energy 
Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17111) is amended by striking the section heading and inserting the following: ‘‘ FUTURE 
OF INDUSTRY PROGRAM ’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY SERVICE PRO-
VIDER .—Section 452(a) of the Energy Independ-
ence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17111(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2): ‘‘(3) E
NERGY SERVICE PROVIDER .—The term 
‘energy service provider’ means any business providing technology or services to improve the energy efficiency, water efficiency, power fac-tor, or load management of a manufacturing site or other industrial process in an energy-inten-sive industry, or any utility operating under a utility energy service project.’’. 
(c) I
NDUSTRIAL RESEARCH AND ASSESSMENT  
CENTERS .—Section 452(e) of the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17111(e)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; 
(2) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (A) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, including assess-ments of sustainable manufacturing goals and the implementation of information technology advancements for supply chain analysis, logis-tics, system monitoring, industrial and manu-facturing processes, and other purposes’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—To increase the value 
and capabilities of the industrial research and assessment centers, the centers shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate with Manufacturing Exten-
sion Partnership Centers of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology; 
‘‘(B) coordinate with the Building Tech-
nologies Office of the Department of Energy to provide building assessment services to manu-facturers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8911 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(C) increase partnerships with the National 
Laboratories of the Department of Energy to le-verage the expertise and technologies of the Na-tional Laboratories for national industrial and manufacturing needs; and 
‘‘(D) increase partnerships with energy service 
providers and technology providers to leverage private sector expertise and accelerate deploy-ment of new and existing technologies and proc-esses for energy efficiency, power factor, and load management. 
‘‘(3) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall provide 
funding for— 
‘‘(A) outreach activities by the industrial re-
search and assessment centers to inform small- and medium-sized manufacturers of the infor-mation, technologies, and services available; and 
‘‘(B) coordination activities by each industrial 
research and assessment center to leverage ef-forts with— 
‘‘(i) Federal and State efforts; ‘‘(ii) the efforts of utilities and energy service 
providers; 
‘‘(iii) the efforts of regional energy efficiency 
organizations; and 
‘‘(iv) the efforts of other industrial research 
and assessment centers. 
‘‘(4) S
MALL BUSINESS LOANS .—The Adminis-
trator of the Small Business Administration shall, to the maximum extent practicable, expe-dite consideration of applications from eligible small business concerns for loans under the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) to im-plement recommendations of industrial research and assessment centers established under para-graph (1).’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-
lating to section 452 in the table of contents for the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 452. Future of Industry program.’’. 
SEC. 4125. NO WARRANTY FOR CERTAIN CER-
TIFIED ENERGY STAR PRODUCTS. 
Section 324A of the Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) N
OWARRANTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any disclosure relating to 
participation of a product in the Energy Star program shall not create an express or implied warranty or give rise to any private claims or rights of action under State or Federal law re-lating to the disqualification of that product from Energy Star if— 
‘‘(A) the product has been certified by a cer-
tification body recognized by the Energy Star program; 
‘‘(B) the Administrator has approved correc-
tive measures, including a determination of whether or not consumer compensation is appro-priate; and 
‘‘(C) the responsible party has fully complied 
with all approved corrective measures. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUAL .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall be construed to require the Administrator to modify any procedure or take any other ac-tion.’’. 
SEC. 4126. CLARIFICATION TO EFFECTIVE DATE 
FOR REGIONAL STANDARDS. 
Section 325(o)(6)(E)(ii) of the Energy Policy 
and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(6)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘in-stalled’’ and inserting ‘‘manufactured or im-ported into the United States’’. 
SEC. 4127. INTERNET OF THINGS REPORT. 
The Secretary of Energy shall, not later than 
18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate on the efforts made to take advan-tage of, and promote, the utilization of ad-vanced technologies such as Internet of Things end-to-end platform solutions to provide real- time actionable analytics and enable predictive maintenance and asset management to improve energy efficiency wherever feasible. In doing so, 
the Secretary shall look to encourage and utilize Internet of Things energy management solutions that have security tightly integrated into the hardware and software from the outset. The Secretary shall also encourage the use of Inter-net of Things solutions that enable seamless connectivity and that are interoperable, open standards-based, and built on a repeatable foundation for ease of scalability. 
CHAPTER 3—ENERGY PERFORMANCE 
CONTRACTING 
SEC. 4131. USE OF ENERGY AND WATER EFFI-
CIENCY MEASURES IN FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Section 548(b) of the National 
Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8258(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(5) the status of each agency’s energy sav-
ings performance contracts and utility energy service contracts, the investment value of such contracts, the guaranteed energy savings for the previous year as compared to the actual energy savings for the previous year, the plan for enter-ing into such contracts in the coming year, and information explaining why any previously sub-mitted plans for such contracts were not imple-mented.’’. 
(b) F
EDERAL ENERGY MANAGEMENT DEFINI -
TIONS .—Section 551(4) of the National Energy 
Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8259(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘or retrofit activities’’ and inserting ‘‘retrofit activities, or energy con-suming devices and required support struc-tures’’. 
(c) A
UTHORITY TOENTER INTOCONTRACTS .— 
Section 801(a)(2)(F) of the National Energy Con-servation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287(a)(2)(F)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) limit the recognition of operation and 
maintenance savings associated with systems modernized or replaced with the implementation of energy conservation measures, water con-servation measures, or any series of energy con-servation measures and water conservation measures.’’. 
(d) M
ISCELLANEOUS AUTHORITY .—Section 
801(a)(2) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(H) M
ISCELLANEOUS AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, a Federal agency may sell or transfer energy savings and apply the proceeds of such sale or transfer to fund a contract under this title.’’. 
(e) P
AYMENT OF COSTS.—Section 802 of the 
National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287a) is amended by striking ‘‘(and re-lated operation and maintenance expenses)’’ and inserting ‘‘, including related operations and maintenance expenses’’. 
(f) E
NERGY SAVINGS PERFORMANCE CONTRACTS  
DEFINITIONS .—Section 804(2) of the National 
Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287c(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘feder-
ally owned building or buildings or other feder-ally owned facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal building (as defined in section 551 (42 U.S.C. 8259))’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) the use, sale, or transfer of energy incen-
tives, rebates, or credits (including renewable energy credits) from Federal, State, or local gov-ernments or utilities; and 
‘‘(F) any revenue generated from a reduction 
in energy or water use, more efficient waste re-cycling, or additional energy generated from more efficient equipment.’’. 
CHAPTER 4—SCHOOL BUILDINGS 
SEC. 4141. COORDINATION OF ENERGY RETRO-
FITTING ASSISTANCE FOR SCHOOLS. 
Section 392 of the Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6371a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION OF ENERGY RETROFITTING  
ASSISTANCE FOR SCHOOLS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF SCHOOL .—Notwith-
standing section 391(6), for the purposes of this subsection, the term ‘school’ means— 
‘‘(A) an elementary school or secondary 
school (as defined in section 9101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); 
‘‘(B) an institution of higher education (as de-
fined in section 102(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a))); 
‘‘(C) a school of the defense dependents’ edu-
cation system under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.) or established under section 2164 of title 10, United States Code; 
‘‘(D) a school operated by the Bureau of In-
dian Affairs; 
‘‘(E) a tribally controlled school (as defined in 
section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511)); and 
‘‘(F) a Tribal College or University (as defined 
in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))). 
‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT OF CLEARINGHOUSE .—The 
Secretary, acting through the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, shall estab-lish a clearinghouse to disseminate information regarding available Federal programs and fi-nancing mechanisms that may be used to help initiate, develop, and finance energy efficiency, distributed generation, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-
graph (2), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) consult with appropriate Federal agen-
cies to develop a list of Federal programs and fi-nancing mechanisms that are, or may be, used for the purposes described in paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(B) coordinate with appropriate Federal 
agencies to develop a collaborative education and outreach effort to streamline communica-tions and promote available Federal programs and financing mechanisms described in sub-paragraph (A), which may include the develop-ment and maintenance of a single online re-source that includes contact information for rel-evant technical assistance in the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy that States, local education agencies, and schools may use to effectively access and use such Fed-eral programs and financing mechanisms.’’. 
CHAPTER 5—BUILDING ENERGY CODES 
SEC. 4151. GREATER ENERGY EFFICIENCY IN 
BUILDING CODES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 303 of the Energy 
Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6832), as amended by section 4116, is further amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (14) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(14) M
ODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODE .—The 
term ‘model building energy code’ means a vol-untary building energy code or standard devel-oped and updated through a consensus process among interested persons, such as the IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 or a code used by other appropriate organizations regarding which the Secretary has issued a determination that build-ings subject to it would achieve greater energy efficiency than under a previously developed code.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8912 December 2, 2015 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(18) ASHRAE STANDARD 90 .1.—The term 
‘ASHRAE Standard 90.1’ means the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Con-ditioning Engineers ANSI/ASHRAE/IES Stand-ard 90/1 Energy Standard for Buildings Except Low-Rise Residential Buildings. 
‘‘(19) C
OST-EFFECTIVE .—The term ‘cost-effec-
tive’ means having a simple payback of 10 years or less. 
‘‘(20) IECC.—The term ‘IECC’ means the 
International Energy Conservation Code as published by the International Code Council. 
‘‘(21) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103). 
‘‘(22) S
IMPLE PAYBACK .—The term ‘simple pay-
back’ means the time in years that is required for energy savings to exceed the incremental first cost of a new requirement or code. 
‘‘(23) T
ECHNICALLY FEASIBLE .—The term ‘tech-
nically feasible’ means capable of being achieved, based on widely available appliances, equipment, technologies, materials, and con-struction practices.’’. 
(b) S
TATE BUILDING ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
CODES.—Section 304 of the Energy Conservation 
and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6833) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 304. UPDATING STATE BUILDING ENERGY 
EFFICIENCY CODES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide technical assistance, as described in sub-section (e), for the purposes of— 
‘‘(1) implementation of building energy codes 
by States, Indian tribes, and, as appropriate, by local governments, that are technically feasible and cost-effective; and 
‘‘(2) supporting full compliance with the 
State, tribal, and local codes. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE AND INDIAN TRIBE CERTIFICATION  
OFBUILDING ENERGY CODEUPDATES .— 
‘‘(1) R EVIEW AND UPDATING OF CODES BY EACH  
STATE AND INDIAN TRIBE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date on which a model building energy code is published, each State or Indian tribe shall certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respectively, has reviewed and updated the energy provisions of the building code of the State or Indian tribe, respectively. 
‘‘(B) D
EMONSTRATION .—The certification shall 
include a statement of whether or not the en-ergy savings for the code provisions that are in effect throughout the State or Indian tribal ter-ritory meet or exceed— 
‘‘(i) the energy savings of the most recently 
published model building energy code; or 
‘‘(ii) the targets established under section 
307(b)(2). 
‘‘(C) N
O MODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODE UP -
DATE.—If a model building energy code is not 
updated by a target date established under sec-tion 307(b)(2)(D), each State or Indian tribe shall, not later than 3 years after the specified date, certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respectively, has reviewed and updated the energy provisions of the building code of the State or Indian tribe, respectively, to meet or ex-ceed the target in section 307(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) V
ALIDATION BY SECRETARY .—Not later 
than 90 days after a State or Indian tribe certifi-cation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) determine whether the code provisions of 
the State or Indian tribe, respectively, meet the criteria specified in paragraph (1); 
‘‘(B) determine whether the certification sub-
mitted by the State or Indian tribe, respectively, is complete; and 
‘‘(C) if the requirements of subparagraph (B) 
are satisfied, validate the certification. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be interpreted to require a State or Indian tribe to adopt any building code or provision within a code. 
‘‘(c) I
MPROVEMENTS IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
BUILDING ENERGY CODES.— ‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of a certification under subsection (b), each State and Indian tribe shall certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respec-tively, has— 
‘‘(i) achieved full compliance under para-
graph (3) with the applicable certified State or Indian tribe building energy code or with the associated model building energy code; or 
‘‘(ii) made significant progress under para-
graph (4) toward achieving compliance with the applicable certified State or Indian tribe build-ing energy code or with the associated model building energy code. 
‘‘(B) R
EPEAT CERTIFICATIONS .—If the State or 
Indian tribe certifies progress toward achieving compliance, the State or Indian tribe shall re-peat the certification until the State or Indian tribe certifies that the State or Indian tribe has achieved full compliance. 
‘‘(2) M
EASUREMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A cer-
tification under paragraph (1) shall include doc-umentation of the rate of compliance based on— 
‘‘(A) inspections of a random sample of the 
buildings covered by the code in the preceding year; or 
‘‘(B) an alternative method that yields an ac-
curate measure of compliance. 
‘‘(3) A
CHIEVEMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A State 
or Indian tribe shall be considered to achieve full compliance under paragraph (1) if— 
‘‘(A) at least 90 percent of building space cov-
ered by the code in the preceding year substan-tially meets all the requirements of the applica-ble code specified in paragraph (1), or achieves equivalent or greater energy savings level; or 
‘‘(B) the estimated excess energy use of build-
ings that did not meet the applicable code speci-fied in paragraph (1) in the preceding year, compared to a baseline of comparable buildings that meet this code, is not more than 5 percent of the estimated energy use of all buildings cov-ered by this code during the preceding year. 
‘‘(4) S
IGNIFICANT PROGRESS TOWARD ACHIEVE -
MENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A State or Indian tribe 
shall be considered to have made significant progress toward achieving compliance for pur-poses of paragraph (1) if the State or Indian tribe— 
‘‘(A) has developed and is implementing a 
plan for achieving compliance during the 8-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this paragraph, including annual targets for compliance and active training and enforcement programs; and 
‘‘(B) has met the most recent target under 
subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(5) V
ALIDATION BY SECRETARY .—Not later 
than 90 days after a State or Indian tribe certifi-cation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) determine whether the State or Indian 
tribe has demonstrated meeting the criteria of this subsection, including accurate measurement of compliance; 
‘‘(B) determine whether the certification sub-
mitted by the State or Indian tribe is complete; and 
‘‘(C) if the requirements of subparagraph (B) 
are satisfied, validate the certification. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be interpreted to require a State or Indian tribe to adopt any building code or provision within a code. 
‘‘(d) S
TATES OR INDIAN TRIBES THATDONOT 
ACHIEVE COMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORTING .—A State or Indian tribe that 
has not made a certification required under sub-section (b) or (c) by the applicable deadline shall submit to the Secretary a report on the sta-tus of the State or Indian tribe with respect to meeting the requirements and submitting the certification. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE SOVEREIGNTY .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be interpreted to require a State or In-dian tribe to adopt any building code or provi-sion within a code. ‘‘(3) L
OCAL GOVERNMENT .—In any State or In-
dian tribe for which the Secretary has not vali-dated a certification under subsection (b) or (c), a local government may be eligible for Federal support by meeting the certification require-ments of subsections (b) and (c). 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORTS BY SECRETARY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally submit to Congress, and publish in the Fed-eral Register, a report on— 
‘‘(i) the status of model building energy codes; ‘‘(ii) the status of code adoption and compli-
ance in the States and Indian tribes; 
‘‘(iii) implementation of this section; and ‘‘(iv) improvements in energy savings over 
time as a result of the targets established under section 307(b)(2). 
‘‘(B) I
MPACTS .—The report shall include esti-
mates of impacts of past action under this sec-tion, and potential impacts of further action, on— 
‘‘(i) upfront financial and construction costs, 
cost benefits and returns (using a return on in-vestment analysis), and lifetime energy use for buildings; 
‘‘(ii) resulting energy costs to individuals and 
businesses; and 
‘‘(iii) resulting overall annual building owner-
ship and operating costs. 
‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO STATES AND IN-
DIAN TRIBES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, upon 
request, provide technical assistance to States and Indian tribes to implement the goals and re-quirements of this section— 
‘‘(A) to implement State residential and com-
mercial building energy codes; and 
‘‘(B) to document the rate of compliance with 
a building energy code. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The assistance 
shall include, as requested by the State or In-dian tribe, technical assistance in— 
‘‘(A) evaluating the energy savings of building 
energy codes; 
‘‘(B) assessing the economic considerations, 
referenced in section 307(b)(4), of implementing building energy codes; 
‘‘(C) building energy analysis and design 
tools; 
‘‘(D) energy simulation models; ‘‘(E) building demonstrations; ‘‘(F) developing the definitions of energy use 
intensity and building types for use in model building energy codes to evaluate the efficiency impacts of the model building energy codes; and 
‘‘(G) complying with a performance-based 
pathway referenced in the model code. 
‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION .—For purposes of this section, 
‘technical assistance’ shall not include actions that promote or discourage the adoption of a particular building energy code, code provision, or energy savings target to a State or Indian tribe. 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION QUALITY AND TRANS -
PARENCY .—For purposes of this section, infor-
mation provided by the Secretary, attendant to any technical assistance provided to a State or Indian tribe, is ‘influential information’ and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Management and Budget and pub-lished at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (Feb. 22, 2002). 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL SUPPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide 
support to States and Indian tribes— 
‘‘(A) to implement the reporting requirements 
of this section; and 
‘‘(B) to implement residential and commercial 
building energy codes, including increasing and verifying compliance with the codes and train-ing of State, tribal, and local building code offi-cials to implement and enforce the codes. 
‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—Support shall not be given 
to support adoption and implementation of model building energy codes for which the Sec-retary has made a determination under section 307(g)(1)(C) that the code is not cost-effective. 
‘‘(3) T
RAINING .—Support shall be offered to 
States to train State and local building code of-ficials to implement and enforce codes described in paragraph (1)(B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8913 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(4) L OCAL GOVERNMENTS .—States may work 
under this subsection with local governments that implement and enforce codes described in paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(g) V
OLUNTARY PROGRAMS TOEXCEED  
MODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide 
technical assistance, as described in subsection (e), for the development of voluntary programs that exceed the model building energy codes for residential and commercial buildings for use as— 
‘‘(A) voluntary incentive programs adopted by 
local, tribal, or State governments; and 
‘‘(B) nonbinding guidelines for energy-effi-
cient building design. 
‘‘(2) T
ARGETS .—The voluntary programs de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be designed— 
‘‘(A) to achieve substantial energy savings 
compared to the model building energy codes; and 
‘‘(B) to meet targets under section 307(b), if 
available, up to 3 to 6 years in advance of the target years. 
‘‘(h) S
TUDIES .— 
‘‘(1) GAO STUDY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study of the impacts of updating the national model building energy codes for residential and commercial buildings. In conducting the study, the Comp-troller General shall consider and report, at a minimum— 
‘‘(i) the actual energy consumption savings 
stemming from updated energy codes compared to the energy consumption savings predicted during code development; 
‘‘(ii) the actual consumer cost savings stem-
ming from updated energy codes compared to predicted consumer cost savings; and 
‘‘(iii) an accounting of expenditures of the 
Federal funds under each program authorized by this title. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 
years after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives including the study findings and conclusions. 
‘‘(2) F
EASIBILITY STUDY .—The Secretary, in 
consultation with building science experts from the National Laboratories and institutions of higher education, designers and builders of en-ergy-efficient residential and commercial build-ings, code officials, and other stakeholders, shall undertake a study of the feasibility, im-pact, economics, and merit of— 
‘‘(A) code improvements that would require 
that buildings be designed, sited, and con-structed in a manner that makes the buildings more adaptable in the future to become zero-net- energy after initial construction, as advances are achieved in energy-saving technologies; 
‘‘(B) code procedures to incorporate a ten- 
year payback, not just first-year energy use, in trade-offs and performance calculations; and 
‘‘(C) legislative options for increasing energy 
savings from building energy codes, including additional incentives for effective State and local verification of compliance with and en-forcement of a code. 
‘‘(3) E
NERGY DATA IN MULTITENANT BUILD -
INGS.—The Secretary, in consultation with ap-
propriate representatives of the utility, utility regulatory, building ownership, and other stakeholders, shall— 
‘‘(A) undertake a study of best practices re-
garding delivery of aggregated energy consump-tion information to owners and managers of res-idential and commercial buildings with multiple tenants and uses; and 
‘‘(B) consider the development of a memo-
randum of understanding between and among affected stakeholders to reduce barriers to the delivery of aggregated energy consumption in-formation to such owners and managers. ‘‘(i) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS.—Nothing in this 
section or section 307 supersedes or modifies the application of sections 321 through 346 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291 et seq.). 
‘‘(j) F
UNDING LIMITATIONS .—No Federal funds 
shall be— 
‘‘(1) used to support actions by the Secretary, 
or States, to promote or discourage the adoption of a particular building energy code, code provi-sion, or energy saving target to a State or In-dian tribe; or 
‘‘(2) provided to private third parties or non- 
governmental organizations to engage in such activities.’’. 
(c) F
EDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
STANDARDS .—Section 305 of the Energy Con-
servation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834) is amended by striking ‘‘voluntary building energy code’’ in subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b) and in-serting ‘‘model building energy code’’. 
(d) M
ODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODES.— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Section 307 of the Energy 
Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6836) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 307. SUPPORT FOR MODEL BUILDING EN-
ERGY CODES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide technical assistance, as described in sub-section (c), for updating of model building en-ergy codes. 
‘‘(b) T
ARGETS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide 
technical assistance, for updating the model building energy codes. 
‘‘(2) T
ARGETS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide technical assistance to States, Indian tribes, local governments, nationally recognized code and standards developers, and other inter-ested parties for updating of model building en-ergy codes by establishing one or more aggregate energy savings targets through rulemaking in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, to achieve the purposes of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) S
EPARATE TARGETS .—Separate targets 
may be established for commercial and residen-tial buildings. 
‘‘(C) B
ASELINES .—The baseline for updating 
model building energy codes shall be the 2009 IECC for residential buildings and ASHRAE Standard 90.1–2010 for commercial buildings. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIFIC YEARS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Targets for specific years 
shall be established and revised by the Secretary through rulemaking in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, and coordi-nated with nationally recognized code and standards developers at a level that— 
‘‘(I) is at the maximum level of energy effi-
ciency that is technically feasible and cost effec-tive, while accounting for the economic consid-erations under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(II) promotes the achievement of commercial 
and residential high performance buildings through high performance energy efficiency (within the meaning of section 401 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17061)). 
‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL TARGETS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this clause, the Secretary shall establish initial targets under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(iii) D
IFFERENT TARGET YEARS .—Subject to 
clause (i), prior to the applicable year, the Sec-retary may set a later target year for any of the model building energy codes described in sub-paragraph (A) if the Secretary determines that a target cannot be met. 
‘‘(E) S
MALL BUSINESS .—When establishing tar-
gets under this paragraph through rulemaking, the Secretary shall ensure compliance with the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fair-ness Act of 1996 (5 U.S.C. 601 note; Public Law 104–121) for any indirect economic effect on small entities that is reasonably foreseeable and a result of such rule. ‘‘(3) A
PPLIANCE STANDARDS AND OTHER FAC -
TORS AFFECTING BUILDING ENERGY USE .—In es-
tablishing energy savings targets under para-graph (2), the Secretary shall develop and ad-just the targets in recognition of potential sav-ings and costs relating to— 
‘‘(A) efficiency gains made in appliances, 
lighting, windows, insulation, and building en-velope sealing; 
‘‘(B) advancement of distributed generation 
and on-site renewable power generation tech-nologies; 
‘‘(C) equipment improvements for heating, 
cooling, and ventilation systems and water heating systems; 
‘‘(D) building management systems and smart 
grid technologies to reduce energy use; and 
‘‘(E) other technologies, practices, and build-
ing systems regarding building plug load and other energy uses. 
In developing and adjusting the targets, the 
Secretary shall use climate zone weighted aver-ages for equipment efficiency for heating, cool-ing, ventilation, and water heating systems, using equipment that is actually installed. 
‘‘(4) E
CONOMIC CONSIDERATIONS .—In estab-
lishing and revising energy savings targets under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall con-sider the economic feasibility of achieving the proposed targets established under this section and the potential costs and savings for con-sumers and building owners, by conducting a return on investment analysis, using a simple payback methodology over a 3-, 5-, and 7-year period. The Secretary shall not propose or pro-vide technical or financial assistance for any code, provision in the code, or energy target, or amendment thereto, that has a payback greater than 10 years. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO MODEL BUILD-
INGENERGY CODE-SETTING AND STANDARD DE-
VELOPMENT ORGANIZATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, on a 
timely basis, provide technical assistance to model building energy code-setting and stand-ard development organizations consistent with the goals of this section. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The assistance 
shall include, as requested by the organizations, technical assistance in— 
‘‘(A) evaluating the energy savings of building 
energy codes; 
‘‘(B) assessing the economic considerations, 
under subsection (b)(4), of code or standards proposals or revisions; 
‘‘(C) building energy analysis and design 
tools; 
‘‘(D) energy simulation models; ‘‘(E) building demonstrations; ‘‘(F) developing definitions of energy use in-
tensity and building types for use in model building energy codes to evaluate the efficiency impacts of the model building energy codes; 
‘‘(G) developing a performance-based pathway 
for compliance; 
‘‘(H) developing model building energy codes 
by Indian tribes in accordance with tribal law; and 
‘‘(I) code development meetings, including 
through direct Federal employee participation in committee meetings, hearings and online com-munication, voting, and presenting research and technical or economic analyses during such meetings. 
‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2)(I), for purposes of this section, ‘tech-nical assistance’ shall not include actions that promote or discourage the adoption of a par-ticular building energy code, code provision, or energy savings target. 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION QUALITY AND TRANS -
PARENCY .—For purposes of this section, infor-
mation provided by the Secretary, attendant to development of any energy savings targets, is influential information and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and published at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (Feb. 22, 2002). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8914 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(d) A MENDMENT PROPOSALS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may submit 
timely model building energy code amendment proposals that are technically feasible, cost-ef-fective, and technology-neutral to the model building energy code-setting and standard de-velopment organizations, with supporting evi-dence, sufficient to enable the model building energy codes to meet the targets established under subsection (b)(2). 
‘‘(2) P
ROCESS AND FACTORS .—All amendment 
proposals submitted by the Secretary shall be published in the Federal Register and made available on the Department of Energy website 90 days prior to any submittal to a code develop-ment body, and shall be subject to a public com-ment period of not less than 60 days. Informa-tion provided by the Secretary, attendant to submission of any amendment proposals, is in-fluential information and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and published at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (Feb. 22, 2002). When calculating the costs and benefits of an amendment, the Secretary shall use climate zone weighted aver-ages for equipment efficiency for heating, cool-ing, ventilation, and water heating systems, using equipment that is actually installed. 
‘‘(e) A
NALYSIS METHODOLOGY .—The Secretary 
shall make publicly available the entire calcula-tion methodology (including input assumptions and data) used by the Secretary to estimate the energy savings of code or standard proposals and revisions. 
‘‘(f) M
ETHODOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a methodology for evalu-ating cost effectiveness of energy code changes in multifamily buildings that incorporates eco-nomic parameters representative of typical mul-tifamily buildings. 
‘‘(g) D
ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(1) R EVISION OF MODEL BUILDING ENERGY  
CODES .—If the provisions of the IECC or 
ASHRAE Standard 90.1 regarding building en-ergy use are revised, the Secretary shall make a preliminary determination not later than 90 days after the date of the revision, and a final determination not later than 15 months after the date of the revision, on whether or not the revi-sion— 
‘‘(A) improves energy efficiency in buildings 
compared to the existing IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1, as applicable; 
‘‘(B) meets the applicable targets under sub-
section (b)(2); and 
‘‘(C) is technically feasible and cost-effective. ‘‘(2) C
ODES OR STANDARDS NOT MEETING CRI -
TERIA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary makes a 
preliminary determination under paragraph (1)(B) that a revised IECC or ASHRAE Stand-ard 90.1 does not meet the targets established under subsection (b)(2), is not technically fea-sible, or is not cost-effective, the Secretary may at the same time provide technical assistance, as described in subsection (c), to the International Code Council or ASHRAE, as applicable, with proposed changes that would result in a model building energy code or standard that meets the criteria, and with supporting evidence. Proposed changes submitted by the Secretary shall be published in the Federal Register and made available on the Department of Energy website 90 days prior to any submittal to a code develop-ment body, and shall be subject to a public com-ment period of not less than 60 days. Informa-tion provided by the Secretary, attendant to submission of any amendment proposals, is in-fluential information and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and published at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (Feb. 22, 2002). 
‘‘(B) I
NCORPORATION OF CHANGES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—On receipt of the technical 
assistance, as described in subsection (c), the International Code Council or ASHRAE, as ap-plicable, shall, prior to the Secretary making a final determination under paragraph (1), have an additional 270 days to accept or reject the 
proposed changes made by the Secretary to the model building energy code or standard. 
‘‘(ii) F
INAL DETERMINATION .—A final deter-
mination under paragraph (1) shall be on the final revised model building energy code or standard. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out this 
section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) publish notice of targets, amendment pro-
posals and supporting analysis and determina-tions under this section in the Federal Register to provide an explanation of and the basis for such actions, including any supporting mod-eling, data, assumptions, protocols, and cost- benefit analysis, including return on invest-ment; 
‘‘(2) provide an opportunity for public com-
ment on targets and supporting analysis and de-terminations under this section, in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code; and 
‘‘(3) provide an opportunity for public com-
ment on amendment proposals. 
‘‘(i) V
OLUNTARY CODES AND STANDARDS .—Not 
withstanding any other provision of this sec-tion, any model building code or standard estab-lished under this section shall not be binding on a State, local government, or Indian tribe as a matter of Federal law.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing to section 307 in the table of contents for the Energy Conservation and Production Act is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 307. Support for model building energy 
codes.’’. 
SEC. 4152. VOLUNTARY NATURE OF BUILDING 
ASSET RATING PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any program of the Sec-
retary of Energy that may enable the owner of a commercial building or a residential building to obtain a rating, score, or label regarding the actual or anticipated energy usage or perform-ance of a building shall be made available on a voluntary, optional, and market-driven basis. 
(b) D
ISCLAIMER AS TO REGULATORY INTENT .— 
Information disseminated by the Secretary of Energy regarding the program described in sub-section (a), including any information made available by the Secretary on a website, shall include language plainly stating that such pro-gram is not developed or intended to be the basis for a regulatory program by a Federal, State, local, or municipal government body. 
CHAPTER 6—EPCA TECHNICAL 
CORRECTIONS AND CLARIFICATIONS 
SEC. 4161. MODIFYING PRODUCT DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOMODIFY DEFINITIONS .— 
(1) C OVERED PRODUCTS .—Section 322 of the 
Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6292) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c) M
ODIFYING DEFINITIONS OF COVERED  
PRODUCTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any covered product 
for which a definition is provided in section 321, the Secretary may, by rule, unless prohibited herein, modify such definition in order to— 
‘‘(A) address significant changes in the prod-
uct or the market occurring since the definition was established; and 
‘‘(B) better enable improvements in the energy 
efficiency of the product as part of an energy using system. 
‘‘(2) A
NTIBACKSLIDING EXEMPTION .—Section 
325(o)(1) shall not apply to adjustments to cov-ered product definitions made pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURE FOR MODIFYING DEFINITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notice of any adjustment 
to the definition of a covered product and an ex-planation of the reasons therefor shall be pub-lished in the Federal Register and opportunity provided for public comment. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSENSUS REQUIRED .—Any amendment 
to the definition of a covered product under this subsection must have consensus support, as re-flected in— ‘‘(i) the outcome of negotiations conducted in 
accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary’s receipt of a statement 
that is submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufac-turers of covered products, States, and effi-ciency advocates), as determined by the Sec-retary, which contains a recommended modified definition for a covered product. 
‘‘(4) E
FFECT OF A MODIFIED DEFINITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For any type or class of 
consumer product which becomes a covered product pursuant to this subsection— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary may establish test proce-
dures for such type or class of covered product pursuant to section 323 and energy conservation standards pursuant to section 325(l); 
‘‘(ii) the Commission may prescribe labeling 
rules pursuant to section 324 if the Commission determines that labeling in accordance with that section is technologically and economically feasible and likely to assist consumers in making purchasing decisions; 
‘‘(iii) section 327 shall begin to apply to such 
type or class of covered product in accordance with section 325(ii)(1); and 
‘‘(iv) standards previously promulgated under 
section 325 shall not apply to such type or class of product. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—For any type or class of 
consumer product which ceases to be a covered product pursuant to this subsection, the provi-sions of this part shall no longer apply to the type or class of consumer product.’’. 
(2) C
OVERED EQUIPMENT .—Section 341 of the 
Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6312) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(d) M
ODIFYING DEFINITIONS OF COVERED  
EQUIPMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any covered equipment 
for which a definition is provided in section 340, the Secretary may, by rule, unless prohibited herein, modify such definition in order to— 
‘‘(A) address significant changes in the prod-
uct or the market occurring since the definition 
was established; and 
‘‘(B) better enable improvements in the energy 
efficiency of the equipment as part of an energy using system. 
‘‘(2) A
NTIBACKSLIDING EXEMPTION .—Section 
325(o)(1) shall not apply to adjustments to cov-ered equipment definitions made pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURE FOR MODIFYING DEFINITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notice of any adjustment 
to the definition of a type of covered equipment and an explanation of the reasons therefor shall be published in the Federal Register and oppor-tunity provided for public comment. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSENSUS REQUIRED .—Any amendment 
to the definition of a type of covered equipment under this subsection must have consensus sup-port, as reflected in— 
‘‘(i) the outcome of negotiations conducted in 
accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary’s receipt of a statement 
that is submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufac-turers of covered equipment, States, and effi-ciency advocates), as determined by the Sec-retary, which contains a recommended modified definition for a type of covered equipment. 
‘‘(4) E
FFECT OF A MODIFIED DEFINITION .— 
‘‘(A) For any type or class of equipment 
which becomes covered equipment pursuant to this subsection— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary may establish test proce-
dures for such type or class of covered equip-ment pursuant to section 343 and energy con-servation standards pursuant to section 325(l); 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary may prescribe labeling 
rules pursuant to section 344 if the Secretary de-termines that labeling in accordance with that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8915 December 2, 2015 
section is technologically and economically fea-
sible and likely to assist purchasers in making purchasing decisions; 
‘‘(iii) section 327 shall begin to apply to such 
type or class of covered equipment in accord-ance with section 325(ii)(1); and 
‘‘(iv) standards previously promulgated under 
section 325, 342, or 346 shall not apply to such type or class of covered equipment. 
‘‘(B) For any type or class of equipment 
which ceases to be covered equipment pursuant to this subsection the provisions of this part shall no longer apply to the type or class of equipment.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS PROVIDING FOR  
JUDICIAL REVIEW .— 
(1) Section 336 of the Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6306) is amended by striking ‘‘section 323,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 322, 323,’’; and 
(2) Section 345(a)(1) of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6316(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) the references to sections 322, 323, 324, 
and 325 of this Act shall be considered as ref-erences to sections 341, 343, 344, and 342 of this Act, respectively;’’. 
SEC. 4162. CLARIFYING RULEMAKING PROCE-
DURES. 
(a) C OVERED PRODUCTS .—Section 325(p) of the 
Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(p)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), 
and (4) as paragraphs (2), (3), (5), and (6), re-spectively; 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so re-
designated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: 
‘‘(1) The Secretary shall provide an oppor-
tunity for public input prior to the issuance of a proposed rule, seeking information— 
‘‘(A) identifying and commenting on design 
options; 
‘‘(B) on the existence of and opportunities for 
voluntary nonregulatory actions; and 
‘‘(C) identifying significant subgroups of con-
sumers and manufacturers that merit anal-ysis.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection)— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after ‘‘adequate;’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘stand-
ard.’’ and inserting ‘‘standard;’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(E) whether the technical and economic ana-
lytical assumptions, methods, and models used to justify the standard to be prescribed are— 
‘‘(i) justified; and ‘‘(ii) available and accessible for public re-
view, analysis, and use; and 
‘‘(F) the cumulative regulatory impacts on the 
manufacturers of the product, taking into ac-count— 
‘‘(i) other government standards affecting en-
ergy use; and 
‘‘(ii) other energy conservation standards af-
fecting the same manufacturers.’’; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (3) (as so re-
designated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: 
‘‘(4) R
ESTRICTION ON TEST PROCEDURE AMEND -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any proposed energy con-
servation standards rule shall be based on the final test procedure which shall be used to de-termine compliance, and the public comment pe-riod on the proposed standards shall conclude no sooner than 180 days after the date of publi-cation of a final rule revising the test procedure. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may propose 
or prescribe an amendment to the test proce-dures issued pursuant to section 323 for any type or class of covered product after the issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking to prescribe an amended or new energy conserva-tion standard for that type or class of covered product, but before the issuance of a final rule 
prescribing any such standard, if— 
‘‘(i) the amendments to the test procedure 
have consensus support achieved through a rulemaking conducted in accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Nego-tiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary receives a statement that is 
submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufacturers of the type or class of covered product, States, and efficiency advocates), as determined by the Sec-retary, which contains a recommendation that a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking is not necessary for the type or class of covered product.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
345(b)(1) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6316(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 325(p)(4),’’ and inserting ‘‘section 325(p)(3), (4), and (6),’’. 
CHAPTER 7—ENERGY AND WATER 
EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 4171. SMART ENERGY AND WATER EFFI-
CIENCY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-
ty’’ means— 
(A) a utility; (B) a municipality; (C) a water district; and (D) any other authority that provides water, 
wastewater, or water reuse services. 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Energy. 
(3) S MART ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  
PILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘smart energy and 
water efficiency pilot program’’ or ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the pilot program established under subsection (b). 
(b) S
MART ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  
PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish 
and carry out a smart energy and water effi-ciency management pilot program in accordance with this section. 
(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the smart en-
ergy and water efficiency pilot program is to award grants to eligible entities to demonstrate advanced and innovative technology-based so-lutions that will— 
(A) increase and improve the energy efficiency 
of water, wastewater, and water reuse systems to help communities across the United States make significant progress in conserving water, saving energy, and reducing costs; 
(B) support the implementation of innovative 
processes and the installation of advanced auto-mated systems that provide real-time data on energy and water; and 
(C) improve energy and water conservation, 
water quality, and predictive maintenance of energy and water systems, through the use of Internet-connected technologies, including sen-sors, intelligent gateways, and security embed-ded in hardware. 
(3) P
ROJECT SELECTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
competitive, merit-reviewed grants under the pilot program to not less than 3, but not more than 5, eligible entities. 
(B) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting an eli-
gible entity to receive a grant under the pilot program, the Secretary shall consider— 
(i) energy and cost savings anticipated to re-
sult from the project; 
(ii) the innovative nature, commercial viabil-
ity, and reliability of the technology to be used; 
(iii) the degree to which the project integrates 
next-generation sensors, software, hardware, analytics, and management tools; 
(iv) the anticipated cost effectiveness of the 
pilot project in terms of energy efficiency sav-ings, water savings or reuse, and infrastructure costs averted; (v) whether the technology can be deployed in 
a variety of geographic regions and the degree to which the technology can be implemented on a smaller or larger scale, including whether the technology can be implemented by each type of eligible entity; 
(vi) whether the technology has been success-
fully deployed elsewhere; 
(vii) whether the technology is sourced from a 
manufacturer based in the United States; and 
(viii) whether the project will be completed in 
5 years or less. 
(C) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), an eli-
gible entity seeking a grant under the pilot pro-gram shall submit to the Secretary an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary. 
(ii) C
ONTENTS .—An application under clause 
(i) shall, at a minimum, include— 
(I) a description of the project; (II) a description of the technology to be used 
in the project; 
(III) the anticipated results, including energy 
and water savings, of the project; 
(IV) a comprehensive budget for the project; (V) the names of the project lead organization 
and any partners; 
(VI) the number of users to be served by the 
project; and 
(VII) any other information that the Secretary 
determines to be necessary to complete the re-view and selection of a grant recipient. 
(4) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 300 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall select grant recipients under this section. 
(B) E
VALUATIONS .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally carry out an evaluation of each project for which a grant is provided under this section that— 
(i) evaluates the progress and impact of the 
project; and 
(ii) assesses the degree to which the project is 
meeting the goals of the pilot program. 
(C) T
ECHNICAL AND POLICY ASSISTANCE .—On 
the request of a grant recipient, the Secretary shall provide technical and policy assistance to the grant recipient to carry out the project. 
(D) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall 
make available to the public— 
(i) a copy of each evaluation carried out 
under subparagraph (B); and 
(ii) a description of any best practices identi-
fied by the Secretary as a result of those evalua-tions. 
(E) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of each evaluation carried out under subparagraph (B). 
(c) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To carry out this section, the 
Secretary shall use not more than $15,000,000 of amounts made available to the Secretary. 
(2) P
RIORITIZATION .—In funding activities 
under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize funding in the following manner: 
(A) The Secretary shall first use any unobli-
gated amounts made available to the Secretary to carry out the activities of the Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy Office. 
(B) After any amounts described in subpara-
graph (A) have been used, the Secretary shall then use any unobligated amounts (other than those described in subparagraph (A)) made available to the Secretary. 
SEC. 4172. WATERSENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 324A the following: 
‘‘SEC. 324B. WATERSENSE. 
‘‘(a) W ATERSENSE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established within 
the Environmental Protection Agency a vol-untary program, to be entitled ‘WaterSense’, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8916 December 2, 2015 
identify water efficient products, buildings, 
landscapes, facilities, processes, and services that sensibly— 
‘‘(A) reduce water use; ‘‘(B) reduce the strain on public and commu-
nity water systems and wastewater and stormwater infrastructure; 
‘‘(C) conserve energy used to pump, heat, 
transport, and treat water; and 
‘‘(D) preserve water resources for future gen-
erations, through voluntary labeling of, or other forms of communications about, products, build-ings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and serv-ices while still meeting strict performance cri-teria. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Administrator, coordi-
nating as appropriate with the Secretary of En-ergy, shall— 
‘‘(A) establish— ‘‘(i) a WaterSense label to be used for items 
meeting the certification criteria established in this section; and 
‘‘(ii) the procedure, including the methods and 
means, by which an item may be certified to dis-play the WaterSense label; 
‘‘(B) conduct a public awareness education 
campaign regarding the WaterSense label; 
‘‘(C) preserve the integrity of the WaterSense 
label by— 
‘‘(i) establishing and maintaining feasible per-
formance criteria so that products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services la-beled with the WaterSense label perform as well or better than less water-efficient counterparts; 
‘‘(ii) overseeing WaterSense certifications 
made by third parties; 
‘‘(iii) using testing protocols, from the appro-
priate, applicable, and relevant consensus standards, for the purpose of determining stand-ards compliance; and 
‘‘(iv) auditing the use of the WaterSense label 
in the marketplace and preventing cases of mis-use; and 
‘‘(D) not more often than every six years, re-
view and, if appropriate, update WaterSense criteria for the defined categories of water-effi-cient product, building, landscape, process, or service, including— 
‘‘(i) providing reasonable notice to interested 
parties and the public of any such changes, in-cluding effective dates, and an explanation of the changes; 
‘‘(ii) soliciting comments from interested par-
ties and the public prior to any such changes; 
‘‘(iii) as appropriate, responding to comments 
submitted by interested parties and the public; and 
‘‘(iv) providing an appropriate transition time 
prior to the applicable effective date of any such changes, taking into account the timing nec-essary for the manufacture, marketing, training, and distribution of the specific water-efficient product, building, landscape, process, or service category being addressed. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF SCIENCE .—In carrying out this 
section, and, to the degree that an agency ac-tion is based on science, the Administrator shall use— 
‘‘(1) the best available peer-reviewed science 
and supporting studies conducted in accordance with sound and objective scientific practices; and 
‘‘(2) data collected by accepted methods or 
best available methods (if the reliability of the method and the nature of the decision justify use of the data). 
‘‘(c) D
ISTINCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—In setting 
or maintaining standards for Energy Star pur-suant to section 324A, and WaterSense under this section, the Secretary and Administrator shall coordinate to prevent duplicative or con-flicting requirements among the respective pro-grams. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-
trator’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(2) F
EASIBLE .—The term ‘feasible’ means fea-
sible with the use of the best technology, treat-ment techniques, and other means that the Ad-
ministrator finds, after examination for efficacy under field conditions and not solely under lab-oratory conditions, are available (taking cost into consideration). 
‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Energy. 
‘‘(4) W ATER-EFFICIENT PRODUCT , BUILDING , 
LANDSCAPE , PROCESS , OR SERVICE .—The term 
‘water-efficient product, building, landscape, process, or service’ means a product, building, landscape, process, or service for a residence or a commercial or institutional building, or its landscape, that is rated for water efficiency and performance, the covered categories of which are— 
‘‘(A) irrigation technologies and services; ‘‘(B) point-of-use water treatment devices; ‘‘(C) plumbing products; 
‘‘(D) reuse and recycling technologies; ‘‘(E) landscaping and gardening products, in-
cluding moisture control or water enhancing technologies; 
‘‘(F) xeriscaping and other landscape conver-
sions that reduce water use; and 
‘‘(G) new water efficient homes certified under 
the WaterSense program.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (Public Law 94–163; 42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item re-lating to section 324A the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 324B. WaterSense.’’. 
Subtitle B—Accountability 
CHAPTER 1—MARKET MANIPULATION, 
ENFORCEMENT, AND COMPLIANCE 
SEC. 4211. FERC OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE ASSIST-
ANCE AND PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
Section 319 of the Federal Power Act (16 
U.S.C. 825q–1) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 319. OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE ASSISTANCE 
AND PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
within the Commission an Office of Compliance Assistance and Public Participation (referred to in this section as the ‘Office’). The Office shall be headed by a Director. 
‘‘(b) D
UTIES OF DIRECTOR .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Office 
shall promote improved compliance with Com-mission rules and orders by— 
‘‘(A) making recommendations to the Commis-
sion regarding— 
‘‘(i) the protection of consumers; ‘‘(ii) market integrity and support for the de-
velopment of responsible market behavior; 
‘‘(iii) the application of Commission rules and 
orders in a manner that ensures that— 
‘‘(I) rates and charges for, or in connection 
with, the transmission or sale of electric energy subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission shall be just and reasonable and not unduly dis-criminatory or preferential; and 
‘‘(II) markets for such transmission and sale 
of electric energy are not impaired and con-sumers are not damaged; and 
‘‘(iv) the impact of existing and proposed 
Commission rules and orders on small entities, as defined in section 601 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexi-bility Act); 
‘‘(B) providing entities subject to regulation 
by the Commission the opportunity to obtain timely guidance for compliance with Commission rules and orders; and 
‘‘(C) providing information to the Commission 
and Congress to inform policy with respect to energy issues under the jurisdiction of the Com-mission. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS AND GUIDANCE .—The Director 
shall, as the Director determines appropriate, issue reports and guidance to the Commission and to entities subject to regulation by the Com-mission, regarding market practices, proposing improvements in Commission monitoring of mar-ket practices, and addressing potential improve-ments to both industry and Commission prac-tices. ‘‘(3) O
UTREACH .—The Director shall promote 
improved compliance with Commission rules and orders through outreach, publications, and, where appropriate, direct communication with entities regulated by the Commission.’’. 
CHAPTER 2—MARKET REFORMS 
SEC. 4221. GAO STUDY ON WHOLESALE ELEC-
TRICITY MARKETS. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report describing the results of a study of whether and how the current market rules, practices, and structures of each regional transmission entity produce rates that are just and reasonable by— 
(1) facilitating fuel diversity, the availability 
of generation resources during emergency and severe weather conditions, resource adequacy, and reliability, including the cost-effective re-tention and development of needed generation; 
(2) promoting the equitable treatment of busi-
ness models, including different utility types, the integration of diverse generation resources, and advanced grid technologies; 
(3) identifying and addressing regulatory bar-
riers to entry, market-distorting incentives, and artificial constraints on competition; 
(4) providing transparency regarding dispatch 
decisions, including the need for out-of-market actions and payments, and the accuracy of day- ahead unit commitments; 
(5) facilitating the development of necessary 
natural gas pipeline and electric transmission infrastructure; 
(6) ensuring fairness and transparency in gov-
ernance structures and stakeholder processes, including meaningful participation by both vot-ing and nonvoting stakeholder representatives; 
(7) ensuring the proper alignment of the en-
ergy and transmission markets by including both energy and financial transmission rights in the day-ahead markets; 
(8) facilitating the ability of load-serving enti-
ties to self-supply their service territory load; 
(9) considering, as appropriate, State and 
local resource planning; and 
(10) mitigating, to the extent practicable, the 
disruptive effects of tariff revisions on the eco-nomic decisionmaking of market participants. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) L OAD-SERVING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘load- 
serving entity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 217 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824q). 
(2) R
EGIONAL TRANSMISSION ENTITY .—The term 
‘‘regional transmission entity’’ means a Re-gional Transmission Organization or an Inde-pendent System Operator, as such terms are de-fined in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). 
SEC. 4222. CLARIFICATION OF FACILITY MERGER 
AUTHORIZATION. 
Section 203(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Power Act 
(16 U.S.C. 824b(a)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘such facilities or any part thereof’’ and insert-ing ‘‘such facilities, or any part thereof, of a value in excess of $10,000,000’’. 
CHAPTER 3—CODE MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4231. REPEAL OF OFF-HIGHWAY MOTOR VE-
HICLES STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part I of title III of the Energy 
Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6373) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (Public Law 94–163; 89 Stat. 871) is amended— 
(1) by striking the item relating to part I of 
title III; and 
(2) by striking the item relating to section 385. 
SEC. 4232. REPEAL OF METHANOL STUDY. 
Section 400EE of the Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374d) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8917 December 2, 2015 
(1) by striking subsection (a); and 
(2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as 
subsections (a) and (b), respectively. 
SEC. 4233. REPEAL OF RESIDENTIAL ENERGY EF-
FICIENCY STANDARDS STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 253 of the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8232) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 253. 
SEC. 4234. REPEAL OF WEATHERIZATION STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 254 of the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8233) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 254. 
SEC. 4235. REPEAL OF REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 273 of the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8236b) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 273. 
SEC. 4236. REPEAL OF REPORT BY GENERAL 
SERVICES ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 154 of the Energy Policy 
Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262a) is repealed. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The table of contents for the Energy Policy 
Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 154. 
(2) Section 159 of the Energy Policy Act of 
1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262e) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 4237. REPEAL OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL EN-
ERGY MANAGEMENT PLANNING AND COORDINATION WORKSHOPS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 156 of the Energy Policy 
Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262b) is repealed. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Pub-lic Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 156. 
SEC. 4238. REPEAL OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
AUDIT SURVEY AND PRESIDENT’S COUNCIL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFI-CIENCY REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 160 of the Energy Policy 
Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262f) is amended by strik-ing the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL  
REVIEW .—Each Inspector General’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 160. INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
‘‘Each Inspector General’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Pub-lic Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 160 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 160. Inspector General review.’’. 
SEC. 4239. REPEAL OF PROCUREMENT AND IDEN-
TIFICATION OF ENERGY EFFICIENT PRODUCTS PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 161 of the Energy Policy 
Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262g) is repealed. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Pub-lic Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 161. 
SEC. 4240. REPEAL OF NATIONAL ACTION PLAN 
FOR DEMAND RESPONSE. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part 5 of title V of the National 
Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8279) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206; 121 
Stat. 1665) is amended— 
(1) by striking the item relating to part 5 of 
title V; and 
(2) by striking the item relating to section 571. 
SEC. 4241. REPEAL OF NATIONAL COAL POLICY 
STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 741 of the Powerplant 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8451) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 741. 
SEC. 4242. REPEAL OF STUDY ON COMPLIANCE 
PROBLEM OF SMALL ELECTRIC UTIL-ITY SYSTEMS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 744 of the Powerplant 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8454) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 744. 
SEC. 4243. REPEAL OF STUDY OF SOCIO-
ECONOMIC IMPACTS OF INCREASED COAL PRODUCTION AND OTHER EN-ERGY DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 746 of the Powerplant 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8456) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 746. 
SEC. 4244. REPEAL OF STUDY OF THE USE OF PE-
TROLEUM AND NATURAL GAS IN COMBUSTORS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 747 of the Powerplant 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8457) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 747. 
SEC. 4245. REPEAL OF SUBMISSION OF REPORTS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 807 of the Powerplant 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8483) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 807. 
SEC. 4246. REPEAL OF ELECTRIC UTILITY CON-
SERVATION PLAN. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 808 of the Powerplant 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8484) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 808. 
(2) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .—Section 712 
of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8422) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERALLY .—’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 4247. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT TO POWER-
PLANT AND INDUSTRIAL FUEL USE ACT OF 1978. 
The table of contents for the Powerplant and 
Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95– 620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 742. 
SEC. 4248. EMERGENCY ENERGY CONSERVATION 
REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS .— 
(1) Section 201 of the Emergency Energy Con-
servation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8501) is amend-ed— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ FIND-
INGS AND ’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (a); and (C) by striking ‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—’’. 
(2) Section 221 of the Emergency Energy Con-
servation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8521) is repealed. 
(3) Section 222 of the Emergency Energy Con-
servation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8522) is repealed. 
(4) Section 241 of the Emergency Energy Con-
servation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8531) is repealed. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Emergency Energy Conserva-tion Act of 1979 (Public Law 96–102; 93 Stat. 749) is amended— 
(1) by striking the item relating to section 201 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 201. Purposes.’’; and 
(2) by striking the items relating to sections 
221, 222, and 241. 
SEC. 4249. REPEAL OF STATE UTILITY REGU-
LATORY ASSISTANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 207 of the Energy Con-
servation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6807) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Energy Conservation and Pro-duction Act (Public Law 94–385; 90 Stat. 1125) is amended by striking the item relating to section 207. 
SEC. 4250. REPEAL OF SURVEY OF ENERGY SAV-
ING POTENTIAL. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 550 of the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8258b) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The table of contents for the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95– 619; 92 Stat. 3206; 106 Stat. 2851) is amended by striking the item relating to section 550. 
(2) Section 543(d)(2) of the National Energy 
Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘, incorporating any rel-evant information obtained from the survey con-ducted pursuant to section 550’’. 
SEC. 4251. REPEAL OF PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY 
PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part 4 of title V of the National 
Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8271 et seq.) is repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended— 
(1) by striking the item relating to part 4 of 
title V; and 
(2) by striking the items relating to sections 
561 through 570. 
SEC. 4252. REPEAL OF ENERGY AUDITOR TRAIN-
ING AND CERTIFICATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subtitle F of title V of the En-
ergy Security Act (42 U.S.C. 8285 et seq.) is re-pealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Energy Security Act (Public Law 96–294; 94 Stat. 611) is amended by striking the items relating to subtitle F of title V. 
CHAPTER 4—USE OF EXISTING FUNDS 
SEC. 4261. USE OF EXISTING FUNDS. 
Amounts required for carrying out this Act, 
other than section 1201, shall be derived from amounts appropriated under authority provided by previously enacted law. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL ENERGY SECURITY 
CORRIDORS 
SEC. 5001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National En-
ergy Security Corridors Act’’. 
SEC. 5002. DESIGNATION OF NATIONAL ENERGY 
SECURITY CORRIDORS ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 28 of the Mineral 
Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) is amended as fol-lows: 
(1) In subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b)(1) For the purposes of this 
section ‘Federal lands’ means’’ and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8918 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(b)(1) For the purposes of this section ‘Fed-
eral lands’— 
‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
means’’; 
(B) by striking the period at the end of para-
graph (1) and inserting ‘‘; and’’ and by adding at the end of paragraph (1) the following: 
‘‘(B) for purposes of granting an application 
for a natural gas pipeline right-of-way, means all lands owned by the United States except— 
‘‘(i) such lands held in trust for an Indian or 
Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(ii) lands on the Outer Continental Shelf.’’. (2) By redesignating subsection (b), as so 
amended, as subsection (z), and transferring such subsection to appear after subsection (y) of that section. 
(3) By inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ENERGY SECURITY COR-
RIDORS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—In addition to other au-
thorities under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) identify and designate suitable Federal 
lands as National Energy Security Corridors (in this subsection referred to as a ‘Corridor’), which shall be used for construction, operation, and maintenance of natural gas transmission facilities; and 
‘‘(B) incorporate such Corridors upon des-
ignation into the relevant agency land use and resource management plans or equivalent plans. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In evaluating Federal 
lands for designation as a National Energy Se-curity Corridor, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) employ the principle of multiple use to 
ensure route decisions balance national energy security needs with existing land use principles; 
‘‘(B) seek input from other Federal counter-
parts, State, local, and tribal governments, and affected utility and pipeline industries to deter-mine the best suitable, most cost-effective, and commercially viable acreage for natural gas transmission facilities; 
‘‘(C) focus on transmission routes that im-
prove domestic energy security through increas-ing reliability, relieving congestion, reducing natural gas prices, and meeting growing de-mand for natural gas; and 
‘‘(D) take into account technological innova-
tions that reduce the need for surface disturb-ance. 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish procedures to expedite and approve applica-tions for rights-of-way for natural gas pipelines across National Energy Security Corridors, that— 
‘‘(A) ensure a transparent process for review 
of applications for rights-of-way on such cor-ridors; 
‘‘(B) require an approval time of not more 
than 1 year after the date of receipt of an appli-cation for a right-of-way; and 
‘‘(C) require, upon receipt of such an applica-
tion, notice to the applicant of a predictable timeline for consideration of the application, that clearly delineates important milestones in the process of such consideration. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE INPUT .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUESTS AUTHORIZED .—The Governor 
of a State may submit requests to the Secretary of the Interior to designate Corridors on Federal land in that State. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION OF REQUESTS .—After re-
ceiving such a request, the Secretary shall re-spond in writing, within 30 days— 
‘‘(i) acknowledging receipt of the request; and ‘‘(ii) setting forth a timeline in which the Sec-
retary shall grant, deny, or modify such request and state the reasons for doing so. 
‘‘(5) S
PATIAL DISTRIBUTION OF CORRIDORS .—In 
implementing this subsection, the Secretary shall coordinate with other Federal Depart-ments to— 
‘‘(A) minimize the proliferation of duplicative 
natural gas pipeline rights-of-way on Federal lands where feasible; ‘‘(B) ensure Corridors can connect effectively 
across Federal lands; and 
‘‘(C) utilize input from utility and pipeline in-
dustries submitting applications for rights-of- way to site corridors in economically feasible areas that reduce impacts, to the extent prac-ticable, on local communities. 
‘‘(6) N
OT A MAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .—Designa-
tion of a Corridor under this subsection, and in-corporation of Corridors into agency plans under paragraph (1)(B), shall not be treated as a major Federal action for purpose of section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). 
‘‘(7) N
O LIMIT ON NUMBER OR LENGTH OF COR -
RIDORS .—Nothing in this subsection limits the 
number or physical dimensions of Corridors that the Secretary may designate under this sub-section. 
‘‘(8) O
THER AUTHORITY NOT AFFECTED .—Noth-
ing in this subsection affects the authority of the Secretary to issue rights-of-way on Federal land that is not located in a Corridor designated under this subsection. 
‘‘(9) NEPA 
CLARIFICATION .—All applications 
for rights-of-way for natural gas transmission facilities across Corridors designated under this subsection shall be subject to the environmental protections outlined in subsection (h).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATIONS RECEIVED BEFORE DESIGNA -
TION OF CORRIDORS .—Any application for a 
right-of-way under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) that is received by the Secretary of the Interior before designation of National Energy Security Corridors under the amendment made by subsection (a) of this sec-tion shall be reviewed and acted upon independ-ently by the Secretary without regard to the process for such designation. 
(c) D
EADLINE .—Within 2 years after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall designate at least 10 National Energy Security Corridors under the amendment made by subsection (a) in contiguous States re-ferred to in section 368(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15926(b)). 
SEC. 5003. NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall promptly 
notify the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate of each instance in which any agency or official of the Department of the Interior fails to comply with any schedule established under section 15(c) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717n(c)). 
TITLE VI—ELECTRICITY RELIABILITY AND 
FOREST PROTECTION 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Electricity Reli-
ability and Forest Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 6002. VEGETATION MANAGEMENT, FACILITY 
INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ON FEDERAL LANDS CONTAINING ELECTRIC TRANS-MISSION AND DISTRIBUTION FACILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Federal Land 
Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 512. VEGETATION MANAGEMENT, FACILITY 
INSPECTION, AND OPERATION, AND MAINTENANCE RELATING TO ELEC-TRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBU-TION FACILITY RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL DIRECTION .—In order to en-
hance the reliability of the electricity grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from elec-tric transmission and distribution rights-of-way and related facilities and adjacent property, the Secretary, with respect to public lands and other lands under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National Forest System lands, shall provide direction to ensure that all existing and future rights-of-way, however established (in-cluding by grant, special use authorization, and easement), for electrical transmission and dis-
tribution facilities on such lands include provi-sions for utility vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance ac-tivities that, while consistent with applicable law— 
‘‘(1) are developed in consultation with the 
holder of the right-of-way; 
‘‘(2) enable the owner or operator of a facility 
to operate and maintain the facility in good working order and to comply with Federal, State and local electric system reliability and fire safety requirements, including reliability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and plans to meet such reliability standards; 
‘‘(3) minimize the need for case-by-case or an-
nual approvals for— 
‘‘(A) routine vegetation management, facility 
inspection, and operation and maintenance ac-tivities within existing electrical transmission and distribution rights-of-way; and 
‘‘(B) utility vegetation management activities 
that are necessary to control hazard trees with-in or adjacent to electrical transmission and dis-tribution rights-of-way; and 
‘‘(4) when review is required, provide for expe-
dited review and approval of utility vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance activities, especially activities requiring prompt action to avoid an adverse im-pact on human safety or electric reliability to avoid fire hazards. 
‘‘(b) V
EGETATION MANAGEMENT , FACILITY IN-
SPECTION , AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
PLANS.— 
‘‘(1) D EVELOPMENT AND SUBMISSION .—Con-
sistent with subsection (a), the Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall provide own-ers and operators of electric transmission and distribution facilities located on lands described in such subsection with the option to develop and submit a vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan, that at each owner or operator’s trans-mission discretion may cover some or all of the owner or operator’s transmission and distribu-tion rights-of-way on Federal lands, for ap-proval to the Secretary with jurisdiction over the lands. A plan under this paragraph shall enable the owner or operator of a facility, at a minimum, to comply with applicable Federal, State, and local electric system reliability and fire safety requirements, as provided in sub-section (a)(2). The Secretaries shall not have the authority to modify those requirements. 
‘‘(2) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL PROCESS .—The 
Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly develop a consolidated and coordinated process for review and approval of— 
‘‘(A) vegetation management, facility inspec-
tion, and operation and maintenance plans sub-mitted under paragraph (1) that— 
‘‘(i) assures prompt review and approval not 
to exceed 90 days; 
‘‘(ii) includes timelines and benchmarks for 
agency comments to submitted plans and final approval of such plans; 
‘‘(iii) is consistent with applicable law; and ‘‘(iv) minimizes the costs of the process to the 
reviewing agency and the entity submitting the plans; and 
‘‘(B) amendments to the plans in a prompt 
manner if changed conditions necessitate a modification to a plan. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—The review and approval 
process under paragraph (2) shall— 
‘‘(A) include notification by the agency of any 
changed conditions that warrant a modification to a plan; 
‘‘(B) provide an opportunity for the owner or 
operator to submit a proposed plan amendment to address directly the changed condition; and 
‘‘(C) allow the owner or operator to continue 
to implement those elements of the approved plan that do not directly and adversely affect the condition precipitating the need for modi-fication. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8919 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(4) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION PROCESS .—The 
Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall apply his or her categorical exclusion process under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) to plans developed under this subsection on existing transmission and distribution rights-of-way under this sub-section. 
‘‘(5) I
MPLEMENTATION .—A plan approved 
under this subsection shall become part of the authorization governing the covered right-of- way and hazard trees adjacent to the right-of- way. If a vegetation management plan is pro-posed for an existing transmission and distribu-tion facility concurrent with the siting of a new transmission or distribution facility, necessary reviews shall be completed as part of the siting process or sooner. Once the plan is approved, the owner or operator shall provide the agency with only a notification of activities anticipated to be undertaken in the coming year, a descrip-tion of those activities, and certification that the activities are in accordance with the plan. 
‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) V EGETATION MANAGEMENT , FACILITY IN -
SPECTION , AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
PLAN.—The term ‘vegetation management, facil-
ity inspection, and operation and maintenance plan’ means a plan that— 
‘‘(i) is prepared by the owner or operator of 
one or more electrical transmission or distribu-tion facilities to cover one or more electric trans-mission and distribution rights-of-way; and 
‘‘(ii) provides for the long-term, cost-effective, 
efficient and timely management of facilities and vegetation within the width of the right-of- way and adjacent Federal lands to enhance electricity reliability, promote public safety, and avoid fire hazards. 
‘‘(B) O
WNER OR OPERATOR .—The terms 
‘owner’ and ‘operator’ include contractors or other agents engaged by the owner or operator of a facility. 
‘‘(C) H
AZARD TREE .—The term ‘hazard tree’ 
means any tree inside the right-of-way or lo-cated outside the right-of-way that has been found by the either the owner or operator of a transmission or distribution facility, or the Sec-retary or the Secretary of Agriculture, to be like-ly to fail and cause a high risk of injury, dam-age, or disruption within 10 feet or less of an electric power line or related structure if it fell. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSE TO EMERGENCY CONDITIONS .— 
If vegetation on Federal lands within, or hazard trees on Federal lands adjacent to, an electrical transmission or distribution right-of-way grant-ed by the Secretary or the Secretary of Agri-culture has contacted or is in imminent danger of contacting one or more electric transmission or distribution lines, the owner or operator of the transmission or distribution lines— 
‘‘(1) may prune or remove the vegetation to 
avoid the disruption of electric service and risk of fire; and 
‘‘(2) shall notify the appropriate local agent of 
the relevant Secretary not later than 24 hours after such removal. 
‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE RELI-
ABILITY AND SAFETY STANDARDS .—If vegetation 
on Federal lands within or adjacent to an elec-trical transmission or distribution right-of-way under the jurisdiction of each Secretary does not meet clearance requirements under stand-ards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, or by State and local authorities, and the Secretary having jurisdic-tion over the lands has failed to act to allow a transmission or distribution facility owner or operator to conduct vegetation management ac-tivities within 3 business days after receiving a request to allow such activities, the owner or op-erator may, after notifying the Secretary, con-duct such vegetation management activities to meet those clearance requirements. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-
retary or Secretary of Agriculture shall report requests and actions made under subsections (c) and (d) annually on each Secretary’s website. ‘‘(f) L
IABILITY .—An owner or operator of a 
transmission or distribution facility shall not be held liable for wildfire damage, loss or injury, including the cost of fire suppression, if— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary or the Secretary of Agri-
culture fails to allow the owner or operator to operate consistently with an approved vegeta-tion management, facility inspection, and oper-ation and maintenance plan on Federal lands under the relevant Secretary’s jurisdiction with-in or adjacent to a right-of-way to comply with Federal, State or local electric system reliability and fire safety standards, including standards established by the North American Electric Reli-ability Corporation; or 
‘‘(2) the Secretary or the Secretary of Agri-
culture fails to allow the owner or operator of the transmission or distribution facility to per-form appropriate vegetation management activi-ties in response to an identified hazard tree as defined under subsection (b)(6), or a tree in im-minent danger of contacting the owner’s or op-erator’s transmission or distribution facility. 
‘‘(g) T
RAINING AND GUIDANCE .—In consulta-
tion with the electric utility industry, the Sec-retary and the Secretary of Agriculture are en-couraged to develop a program to train per-sonnel of the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service involved in vegetation manage-ment decisions relating to transmission and dis-tribution facilities to ensure that such per-sonnel— 
‘‘(1) understand electric system reliability and 
fire safety requirements, including reliability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation; 
‘‘(2) assist owners and operators of trans-
mission and distribution facilities to comply with applicable electric reliability and fire safe-ty requirements; and 
‘‘(3) encourage and assist willing owners and 
operators of transmission and distribution facili-ties to incorporate on a voluntary basis vegeta-tion management practices to enhance habitats and forage for pollinators and for other wildlife so long as the practices are compatible with the integrated vegetation management practices necessary for reliability and safety. 
‘‘(h) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of the 
Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this section, prescribe regula-tions, or amend existing regulations, to imple-ment this section; and 
‘‘(2) not later than two years after the date of 
the enactment of this section, finalize regula-tions, or amend existing regulations, to imple-ment this section. 
‘‘(i) E
XISTING VEGETATION MANAGEMENT , FA-
CILITY INSPECTION AND OPERATION AND MAINTE -
NANCE PLANS.—Nothing in this section requires 
an owner or operator to develop and submit a vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan if one has al-ready been approved by the Secretary or Sec-retary of Agriculture before the date of the en-actment of this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 511 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 512. Vegetation management, facility in-
spection, and operation, and maintenance relating to electric transmission and distribution fa-cility rights-of-way.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–359. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by 
the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . UPTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Amend the table of contents to read as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—MODERNIZING AND 
PROTECTING INFRASTRUCTURE 
Subtitle A—Energy Delivery, Reliability, 
and Security 
Sec. 1101. FERC process coordination. 
Sec. 1102. Resolving environmental and grid 
reliability conflicts. 
Sec. 1103. Emergency preparedness for en-
ergy supply disruptions. 
Sec. 1104. Critical electric infrastructure se-
curity. 
Sec. 1105. Strategic Transformer Reserve. Sec. 1106. Cyber Sense. Sec. 1107. State coverage and consideration 
of PURPA standards for elec-tric utilities. 
Sec. 1108. Reliability analysis for certain 
rules that affect electric gener-ating facilities. 
Sec. 1109. Increased accountability with re-
spect to carbon capture, utiliza-tion, and sequestration projects. 
Sec. 1110. Reliability and performance assur-
ance in Regional Transmission Organizations. 
Sec. 1111. Designation of National Energy 
Security Corridors on Federal lands. 
Sec. 1112. Vegetation management, facility 
inspection, and operation and maintenance on Federal lands containing electric trans-mission and distribution facili-ties. 
Subtitle B—Hydropower Regulatory 
Modernization 
Sec. 1201. Protection of private property 
rights in hydropower licensing. 
Sec. 1202. Extension of time for FERC 
project involving W. Kerr Scott Dam. 
Sec. 1203. Hydropower licensing and process 
improvements. 
Sec. 1204. Judicial review of delayed Federal 
authorizations. 
Sec. 1205. Licensing study improvements. Sec. 1206. Closed-loop pumped storage 
projects. 
Sec. 1207. License amendment improve-
ments. 
Sec. 1208. Promoting hydropower develop-
ment at existing nonpowered dams. 
TITLE II—ENERGY SECURITY AND 
DIPLOMACY 
Sec. 2001. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 2002. Energy security valuation. Sec. 2003. North American energy security 
plan. 
Sec. 2004. Collective energy security. Sec. 2005. Authorization to export natural 
gas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.007 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8920 December 2, 2015 
TITLE III—ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
Subtitle A—Energy Efficiency 
CHAPTER 1—F EDERAL AGENCY ENERGY  
EFFICIENCY  
Sec. 3111. Energy-efficient and energy-sav-
ing information technologies. 
Sec. 3112. Energy efficient data centers. Sec. 3113. Report on energy and water sav-
ings potential from thermal in-sulation. 
Sec. 3114. Federal purchase requirement. Sec. 3115. Energy performance requirement 
for Federal buildings. 
Sec. 3116. Federal building energy efficiency 
performance standards; certifi-cation system and level for Federal buildings. 
Sec. 3117. Operation of battery recharging 
stations in parking areas used by Federal employees. 
C
HAPTER 2—E NERGY EFFICIENT TECHNOLOGY  
ANDMANUFACTURING  
Sec. 3121. Inclusion of Smart Grid capability 
on Energy Guide labels. 
Sec. 3122. Voluntary verification programs 
for air conditioning, furnace, boiler, heat pump, and water heater products. 
Sec. 3123. Facilitating consensus furnace 
standards. 
Sec. 3124. No warranty for certain certified 
Energy Star products. 
Sec. 3125. Clarification to effective date for 
regional standards. 
Sec. 3126. Internet of Things report. 
C
HAPTER 3—S CHOOL BUILDINGS  
Sec. 3131. Coordination of energy retro-
fitting assistance for schools. 
CHAPTER 4—B UILDING ENERGY CODES  
Sec. 3141. Greater energy efficiency in build-
ing codes. 
Sec. 3142. Voluntary nature of building asset 
rating program. 
CHAPTER 5—EPCA T ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS  
ANDCLARIFICATIONS  
Sec. 3151. Modifying product definitions. 
Sec. 3152. Clarifying rulemaking procedures. 
CHAPTER 6—E NERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  
Sec. 3161. Smart energy and water efficiency 
pilot program. 
Sec. 3162. WaterSense. 
Subtitle B—Accountability 
CHAPTER 1—M ARKET MANIPULATION , 
ENFORCEMENT , ANDCOMPLIANCE  
Sec. 3211. FERC Office of Compliance Assist-
ance and Public Participation. 
CHAPTER 2—M ARKET REFORMS  
Sec. 3221. GAO study on wholesale elec-
tricity markets. 
Sec. 3222. Clarification of facility merger au-
thorization. 
CHAPTER 3—C ODEMAINTENANCE  
Sec. 3231. Repeal of off-highway motor vehi-
cles study. 
Sec. 3232. Repeal of methanol study. Sec. 3233. Repeal of residential energy effi-
ciency standards study. 
Sec. 3234. Repeal of weatherization study. Sec. 3235. Repeal of report to Congress. Sec. 3236. Repeal of report by General Serv-
ices Administration. 
Sec. 3237. Repeal of intergovernmental en-
ergy management planning and coordination workshops. 
Sec. 3238. Repeal of Inspector General audit 
survey and President’s Council on Integrity and Efficiency re-port to Congress. 
Sec. 3239. Repeal of procurement and identi-
fication of energy efficient products program. 
Sec. 3240. Repeal of national action plan for 
demand response. Sec. 3241. Repeal of national coal policy 
study. 
Sec. 3242. Repeal of study on compliance 
problem of small electric util-ity systems. 
Sec. 3243. Repeal of study of socioeconomic 
impacts of increased coal pro-duction and other energy devel-opment. 
Sec. 3244. Repeal of study of the use of pe-
troleum and natural gas in combustors. 
Sec. 3245. Repeal of submission of reports. Sec. 3246. Repeal of electric utility con-
servation plan. 
Sec. 3247. Technical amendment to Power-
plant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978. 
Sec. 3248. Emergency energy conservation 
repeals. 
Sec. 3249. Repeal of State utility regulatory 
assistance. 
Sec. 3250. Repeal of survey of energy saving 
potential. 
Sec. 3251. Repeal of photovoltaic energy pro-
gram. 
Sec. 3252. Repeal of energy auditor training 
and certification. 
C
HAPTER 4—U SE OF EXISTING FUNDS  
Sec. 3261. Use of existing funds. 
Page 25, strike lines 1 though 11 and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(7) D ISCLOSURE OF PROTECTED INFORMA -
TION.—In implementing this section, the 
Commission shall segregate critical electric infrastructure information or information that reasonably could be expected to lead to the disclosure of the critical electric infra-structure information within documents and electronic communications, wherever fea-sible, to facilitate disclosure of information that is not designated as critical electric in-frastructure information. 
Beginning on page 36, strike line 21 and all 
that follows through page 37, line 3 and in-sert the following: 
(e) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Any in-
formation included in the Strategic Trans-former Reserve plan, or shared in the prepa-ration and development of such plan, the dis-closure of which the agency reasonably fore-sees would cause harm to critical electric in-frastructure, shall be deemed to be critical electric infrastructure information for pur-poses of section 215A(d) of the Federal Power Act. 
Beginning on page 38, strike line 20 and all 
that follows through page 39, line 2 and in-sert the following: 
(c) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Any vul-
nerability reported pursuant to regulations promulgated under subsection (b)(3), the dis-closure of which the agency reasonably fore-sees would cause harm to critical electric in-frastructure (as defined in section 215A of the Federal Power Act), shall be deemed to be critical electric infrastructure informa-tion for purposes of section 215A(d) of the Federal Power Act. 
Amend section 1109 to read as follows: 
SEC. 1109. INCREASED ACCOUNTABILITY WITH 
RESPECT TO CARBON CAPTURE, UTI-LIZATION, AND SEQUESTRATION PROJECTS. 
(a) DOE E VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
(in this section referred to as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall, in accordance with this sec-tion, annually conduct an evaluation, and make recommendations, with respect to each project conducted by the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, or de-ployment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies (also known as carbon capture and storage and utilization technologies). 
(2) S
COPE.—For purposes of this section, a 
project includes any contract, lease, cooper-ative agreement, or other similar trans-
action with a public agency or private orga-nization or person, entered into or per-formed, or any payment made, by the Sec-retary for research, development, dem-onstration, or deployment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR EVALUATION .—In 
conducting an evaluation of a project under this section, the Secretary shall— 
(1) examine if the project has made ad-
vancements toward achieving any specific goal of the project with respect to a carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nology; and 
(2) evaluate and determine if the project 
has made significant progress in advancing a carbon capture, utilization, and sequestra-tion technology. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—For each evalua-
tion of a project conducted under this sec-tion, if the Secretary determines that— 
(1) significant progress in advancing a car-
bon capture, utilization, and sequestration technology has been made, the Secretary shall assess the funding of the project and make a recommendation as to whether in-creased funding is necessary to advance the project; or 
(2) significant progress in advancing a car-
bon capture, utilization, and sequestration technology has not been made, the Secretary shall— 
(A) assess the funding of the project and 
make a recommendation as to whether in-creased funding is necessary to advance the project; 
(B) assess and determine if the project has 
reached its full potential; and 
(C) make a recommendation as to whether 
the project should continue. 
(d) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) R EPORT ON EVALUATIONS AND REC -
OMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
(A) issue a report on the evaluations con-
ducted and recommendations made during the previous year pursuant to this section; and 
(B) make each such report available on the 
Internet website of the Department of En-ergy. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 3 years thereafter, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Subcommittee on Energy and Power of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on— 
(A) the evaluations conducted and rec-
ommendations made during the previous 3 years pursuant to this section; and 
(B) the progress of the Department of En-
ergy in advancing carbon capture, utiliza-tion, and sequestration technologies, includ-ing progress in achieving the Department of Energy’s goal of having an array of advanced carbon capture and sequestration tech-nologies ready by 2020 for large-scale dem-onstration. 
Insert after section 1110 the following: 
SEC. 1111. DESIGNATION OF NATIONAL ENERGY 
SECURITY CORRIDORS ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 28 of the Mineral 
Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) is amended as fol-lows: 
(1) In subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b)(1) For the purposes of 
this section ‘Federal lands’ means’’ and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(b)(1) For the purposes of this section 
‘Federal lands’— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.010 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8921 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), means’’; 
(B) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘; and’’ and by adding at the end of paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) for purposes of granting an applica-
tion for a natural gas pipeline right-of-way, means all lands owned by the United States except— 
‘‘(i) such lands held in trust for an Indian 
or Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(ii) lands on the Outer Continental 
Shelf.’’. 
(2) By redesignating subsection (b), as so 
amended, as subsection (z), and transferring such subsection to appear after subsection (y) of that section. 
(3) By inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ENERGY SECURITY COR-
RIDORS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—In addition to other au-
thorities under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) identify and designate suitable Fed-
eral lands as National Energy Security Cor-ridors (in this subsection referred to as a ‘Corridor’), which shall be used for construc-tion, operation, and maintenance of natural gas transmission facilities; and 
‘‘(B) incorporate such Corridors upon des-
ignation into the relevant agency land use and resource management plans or equiva-lent plans. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In evaluating Fed-
eral lands for designation as a National En-ergy Security Corridor, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) employ the principle of multiple use 
to ensure route decisions balance national energy security needs with existing land use principles; 
‘‘(B) seek input from other Federal coun-
terparts, State, local, and tribal govern-ments, and affected utility and pipeline in-dustries to determine the best suitable, most cost-effective, and commercially viable acre-age for natural gas transmission facilities; 
‘‘(C) focus on transmission routes that im-
prove domestic energy security through in-creasing reliability, relieving congestion, re-ducing natural gas prices, and meeting grow-ing demand for natural gas; and 
‘‘(D) take into account technological inno-
vations that reduce the need for surface dis-turbance. 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish procedures to expedite and approve applications for rights-of-way for natural gas pipelines across National Energy Security Corridors, that— 
‘‘(A) ensure a transparent process for re-
view of applications for rights-of-way on such corridors; 
‘‘(B) require an approval time of not more 
than 1 year after the date of receipt of an ap-plication for a right-of-way; and 
‘‘(C) require, upon receipt of such an appli-
cation, notice to the applicant of a predict-able timeline for consideration of the appli-cation, that clearly delineates important milestones in the process of such consider-ation. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE INPUT .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUESTS AUTHORIZED .—The Governor 
of a State may submit requests to the Sec-retary of the Interior to designate Corridors on Federal land in that State. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION OF REQUESTS .—After 
receiving such a request, the Secretary shall respond in writing, within 30 days— 
‘‘(i) acknowledging receipt of the request; 
and 
‘‘(ii) setting forth a timeline in which the 
Secretary shall grant, deny, or modify such request and state the reasons for doing so. 
‘‘(5) S
PATIAL DISTRIBUTION OF CORRIDORS .— 
In implementing this subsection, the Sec-retary shall coordinate with other Federal 
Departments to— 
‘‘(A) minimize the proliferation of duplica-
tive natural gas pipeline rights-of-way on Federal lands where feasible; 
‘‘(B) ensure Corridors can connect effec-
tively across Federal lands; and 
‘‘(C) utilize input from utility and pipeline 
industries submitting applications for rights-of-way to site corridors in economi-cally feasible areas that reduce impacts, to the extent practicable, on local commu-nities. 
‘‘(6) N
OT A MAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .—Des-
ignation of a Corridor under this subsection, and incorporation of Corridors into agency plans under paragraph (1)(B), shall not be treated as a major Federal action for purpose of section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). 
‘‘(7) N
O LIMIT ON NUMBER OR LENGTH OF COR -
RIDORS .—Nothing in this subsection limits 
the number or physical dimensions of Cor-ridors that the Secretary may designate under this subsection. 
‘‘(8) O
THER AUTHORITY NOT AFFECTED .— 
Nothing in this subsection affects the au-thority of the Secretary to issue rights-of- way on Federal land that is not located in a Corridor designated under this subsection. 
‘‘(9) NEPA 
CLARIFICATION .—All applica-
tions for rights-of-way for natural gas trans-mission facilities across Corridors des-ignated under this subsection shall be sub-ject to the environmental protections out-lined in subsection (h).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATIONS RECEIVED BEFORE DES-
IGNATION OF CORRIDORS .—Any application for 
a right-of-way under section 28 of the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) that is re-ceived by the Secretary of the Interior before designation of National Energy Security Corridors under the amendment made by subsection (a) of this section shall be re-viewed and acted upon independently by the Secretary without regard to the process for such designation. 
(c) D
EADLINE .—Within 2 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall designate at least 10 National Energy Security Corridors under the amendment made by subsection (a) in States referred to in section 368(b) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15926(b)). 
SEC. 1112. VEGETATION MANAGEMENT, FACILITY 
INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ON FEDERAL LANDS CONTAINING ELECTRIC TRANS-MISSION AND DISTRIBUTION FACILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Federal 
Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 512. VEGETATION MANAGEMENT, FACILITY 
INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE RELATING TO ELEC-TRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBU-TION FACILITY RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL DIRECTION .—In order to en-
hance the reliability of the electric grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution rights-of-way and related facilities and adja-cent property, the Secretary, with respect to public lands and other lands under the juris-diction of the Secretary, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National For-est System lands, shall provide direction to ensure that all existing and future rights-of- way, however established (including by grant, special use authorization, and ease-ment), for electric transmission and dis-tribution facilities on such lands include pro-visions for utility vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and main-tenance activities that, while consistent with applicable law— ‘‘(1) are developed in consultation with the 
holder of the right-of-way; 
‘‘(2) enable the owner or operator of an 
electric transmission and distribution facil-ity to operate and maintain the facility in good working order and to comply with Fed-eral, State, and local electric system reli-ability and fire safety requirements, includ-ing reliability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Cor-poration and plans to meet such reliability standards; 
‘‘(3) minimize the need for case-by-case or 
annual approvals for— 
‘‘(A) routine vegetation management, fa-
cility inspection, and operation and mainte-nance activities within existing electric transmission and distribution rights-of-way; and 
‘‘(B) utility vegetation management ac-
tivities that are necessary to control hazard trees within or adjacent to electric trans-mission and distribution rights-of-way; and 
‘‘(4) when review is required, provide for 
expedited review and approval of utility vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance activities, especially activities requiring prompt action to avoid an adverse impact on human safety or electric reliability to avoid fire hazards. 
‘‘(b) V
EGETATION MANAGEMENT , FACILITY  
INSPECTION , AND OPERATION AND MAINTE -
NANCE PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) D EVELOPMENT AND SUBMISSION .—Con-
sistent with subsection (a), the Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall pro-vide owners and operators of electric trans-mission and distribution facilities located on lands described in such subsection with the option to develop and submit a vegetation management, facility inspection, and oper-ation and maintenance plan, that at each owner or operator’s discretion may cover some or all of the owner or operator’s elec-tric transmission and distribution rights-of- way on Federal lands, for approval to the Secretary with jurisdiction over the lands. A plan under this paragraph shall enable the owner or operator of an electric transmission and distribution facility, at a minimum, to comply with applicable Federal, State, and local electric system reliability and fire safe-ty requirements, as provided in subsection (a)(2). The Secretaries shall not have the au-thority to modify those requirements. 
‘‘(2) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL PROCESS .—The 
Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly develop a consolidated and co-ordinated process for review and approval of— 
‘‘(A) vegetation management, facility in-
spection, and operation and maintenance plans submitted under paragraph (1) that— 
‘‘(i) assures prompt review and approval 
not to exceed 90 days; 
‘‘(ii) includes timelines and benchmarks 
for agency comments on submitted plans and final approval of such plans; 
‘‘(iii) is consistent with applicable law; and ‘‘(iv) minimizes the costs of the process to 
the reviewing agency and the entity submit-ting the plans; and 
‘‘(B) amendments to the plans in a prompt 
manner if changed conditions necessitate a modification to a plan. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—The review and ap-
proval process under paragraph (2) shall— 
‘‘(A) include notification by the agency of 
any changed conditions that warrant a modi-fication to a plan; 
‘‘(B) provide an opportunity for the owner 
or operator to submit a proposed plan amendment to address directly the changed condition; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.010 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8922 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(C) allow the owner or operator to con-
tinue to implement those elements of the ap-proved plan that do not directly and ad-versely affect the condition precipitating the need for modification. 
‘‘(4) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION PROCESS .—The 
Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall apply his or her categorical exclusion process under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) to plans developed under this subsection on ex-isting electric transmission and distribution rights-of-way under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) I
MPLEMENTATION .—A plan approved 
under this subsection shall become part of the authorization governing the covered right-of-way and hazard trees adjacent to the right-of-way. If a vegetation management plan is proposed for an existing electric transmission and distribution facility con-current with the siting of a new electric transmission or distribution facility, nec-essary reviews shall be completed as part of the siting process or sooner. Once the plan is approved, the owner or operator shall pro-vide the agency with only a notification of activities anticipated to be undertaken in the coming year, a description of those ac-tivities, and certification that the activities are in accordance with the plan. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSE TO EMERGENCY CONDI-
TIONS .—If vegetation on Federal lands with-
in, or hazard trees on Federal lands adjacent to, an electric transmission or distribution right-of-way granted by the Secretary or the Secretary of Agriculture has contacted or is in imminent danger of contacting one or more electric transmission or distribution lines, the owner or operator of the electric transmission or distribution lines— 
‘‘(1) may prune or remove the vegetation 
to avoid the disruption of electric service and risk of fire; and 
‘‘(2) shall notify the appropriate local 
agent of the relevant Secretary not later than 24 hours after such removal. 
‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE WITHAPPLICABLE RELI-
ABILITY AND SAFETY STANDARDS .—If vegeta-
tion on Federal lands within or adjacent to an electric transmission or distribution right-of-way under the jurisdiction of each Secretary does not meet clearance require-ments under standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Cor-poration, or by State and local authorities, and the Secretary having jurisdiction over the lands has failed to act to allow an elec-tric transmission or distribution facility owner or operator to conduct vegetation management activities within 3 business days after receiving a request to allow such activities, the owner or operator may, after notifying the Secretary, conduct such vege-tation management activities to meet those clearance requirements. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-
retary or Secretary of Agriculture shall re-port requests and actions made under sub-sections (c) and (d) annually on each Sec-retary’s website. 
‘‘(f) L
IABILITY .—An owner or operator of an 
electric transmission or distribution facility shall not be held liable for wildfire damage, loss, or injury, including the cost of fire sup-pression, if— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary or the Secretary of Agri-
culture fails to allow the owner or operator to operate consistently with an approved 
vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan on Fed-eral lands under the relevant Secretary’s ju-risdiction within or adjacent to a right-of- way to comply with Federal, State, or local electric system reliability and fire safety standards, including standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation; or 
‘‘(2) the Secretary or the Secretary of Agri-
culture fails to allow the owner or operator of the electric transmission or distribution 
facility to perform appropriate vegetation management activities in response to an identified hazard tree, or a tree in imminent danger of contacting the owner’s or opera-tor’s electric transmission or distribution fa-cility. 
‘‘(g) T
RAINING AND GUIDANCE .—In consulta-
tion with the electric utility industry, the Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture are encouraged to develop a program to train personnel of the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service involved in vegeta-tion management decisions relating to elec-tric transmission and distribution facilities to ensure that such personnel— 
‘‘(1) understand electric system reliability 
and fire safety requirements, including reli-ability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation; 
‘‘(2) assist owners and operators of electric 
transmission and distribution facilities to comply with applicable electric reliability and fire safety requirements; and 
‘‘(3) encourage and assist willing owners 
and operators of electric transmission and distribution facilities to incorporate on a voluntary basis vegetation management practices to enhance habitats and forage for pollinators and for other wildlife so long as the practices are compatible with the inte-grated vegetation management practices necessary for reliability and safety. 
‘‘(h) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary and 
the Secretary of Agriculture shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than one year after the date 
of the enactment of this section, propose reg-ulations, or amended existing regulations, to implement this section; and 
‘‘(2) not later than two years after the date 
of the enactment of this section, finalize reg-ulations, or amended existing regulations, to implement this section. 
‘‘(i) E
XISTING VEGETATION MANAGEMENT , 
FACILITY INSPECTION , AND OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE PLANS .—Nothing in this sec-
tion requires an owner or operator to develop and submit a vegetation management, facil-ity inspection, and operation and mainte-nance plan if one has already been approved by the Secretary or Secretary of Agriculture before the date of the enactment of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H AZARD TREE .—The term ‘hazard tree’ 
means any tree inside the right-of-way or lo-cated outside the right-of-way that has been found by the either the owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution fa-cility, or the Secretary or the Secretary of Agriculture, to be likely to fail and cause a high risk of injury, damage, or disruption within 10 feet of an electric power line or re-lated structure if it fell. 
‘‘(2) O
WNER OR OPERATOR .—The terms 
‘owner’ and ‘operator’ include contractors or other agents engaged by the owner or oper-ator of an electric transmission and distribu-tion facility. 
‘‘(3) V
EGETATION MANAGEMENT , FACILITY IN -
SPECTION , AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
PLAN .—The term ‘vegetation management, 
facility inspection, and operation and main-tenance plan’ means a plan that— 
‘‘(A) is prepared by the owner or operator 
of one or more electric transmission or dis-tribution facilities to cover one or more elec-tric transmission and distribution rights-of- way; and 
‘‘(B) provides for the long-term, cost-effec-
tive, efficient, and timely management of fa-cilities and vegetation within the width of the right-of-way and adjacent Federal lands to enhance electric reliability, promote pub-lic safety, and avoid fire hazards.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.), is amended by inserting after the item 
relating to section 511 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 512. Vegetation management, facility 
inspection, and operation and maintenance relating to elec-tric transmission and distribu-tion facility rights-of-way.’’. 
Strike subtitle B of title I and redesignate 
subtitle C of such title as subtitle B. 
Strike section 1301. Redesignate sections 1302 through 1309 as 
sections 1201 through 1208, respectively. 
Page 88, line 3, strike ‘‘1304’’ and insert 
‘‘1203’’. 
Page 90, line 5, strike ‘‘1306’’ and insert 
‘‘1205’’. 
Page 92, line 3, strike ‘‘1307’’ and insert 
‘‘1206’’. 
Page 100, line 6, strike ‘‘1308’’ and insert 
‘‘1207’’. 
Strike title II and redesignate titles III 
and IV as titles II and III, respectively. 
Redesignate sections 3001 through 3004 as 
sections 2001 through 2004, respectively. 
Page 117, line 11, insert ‘‘, the Committee 
on Science, Space, and Technology,’’ after ‘‘Energy and Commerce’’. 
Page 117, line 13, insert ‘‘, the Committee 
on Commerce, Science, and Transportation,’’ after ‘‘Energy and Natural Resources’’’. 
Strike section 3005. Redesignate section 3006 as section 2005. Redesignate sections 4111 through 4117 as 
sections 3111 though 3117, respectively. 
Redesignate sections 4121 through 4123 as 
sections 3121 through 3123, respectively. 
Page 157, beginning on line 15, strike ‘‘, to 
be exempted from disclosure under section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code’’. 
Strike section 4124. Redesignate sections 4125 through 4127 as 
sections 3124 though 3126, respectively. 
Strike chapter 3 of subtitle A of title III, 
as redesignated by this amendment, and re-designate chapters 4 through 7 of such sub-title as chapters 3 through 6, respectively. 
Redesignate section 4141 as section 3131. Redesignate sections 4151 and 4152 as sec-
tions 3141 and 3142, respectively. 
Page 174, line 22, strike ‘‘4116’’ and insert 
‘‘3116’’. 
Redesignate sections 4161 and 4162 as sec-
tions 3151 and 3152, respectively. 
Redesignate sections 4171 and 4172 as sec-
tions 3161 and 3162, respectively. 
Beginning on page 218, strike line 12 and 
all that follows through page 219, line 2 and insert the following: 
(c) F
UNDING .—To carry out this section, 
the Secretary is authorized to use not more than $15,000,000, to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriation Acts. 
Redesignate section 4211 as section 3211. Redesignate sections 4221 and 4222 as sec-
tions 3221 and 3222, respectively. 
Redesignate sections 4231 through 4252 as 
sections 3231 through 3252, respectively. 
Beginning on page 238, strike line 22 and 
all that follows through page 239, line 2 and insert the following: 
CHAPTER 4—AUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 3261 AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated, 
out of funds authorized under previously en-acted laws, amounts required for carrying out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
Strike titles V and VI. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.010 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8923 December 2, 2015 
b1545 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
strikes a number of provisions, some of which have already been enacted into law, and makes technical and con-forming changes to the reported text of H.R. 8, H.R. 2295, and H.R. 2358. So the overall bill, I would say, H.R. 8, is a broad, bipartisan bill. It seeks to maxi-mize America’s energy potential, and it seeks to update and modernize out-dated policies rooted in an era of en-ergy scarcity to reflect today’s era of energy abundance. I think that this is a good amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Illinois is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, how in the world did 
we get to this point? How did we get to the point of the majority party bring-ing forth this highly partisan, back-wards-looking, does-more-harm-than- good so-called energy bill after all the time and all the effort that was put forth by both sides to come up with a bipartisan compromise? 
Mr. Chairman, after working to-
gether for the majority of this year, literally moments before the full En-ergy and Commerce Committee was set to mark up this bill, the rug was pulled out from under the minority side, and the Republicans turned their collective back on the legislative compromise. 
We were informed that the majority 
had reneged on its prior commitments, and what was initially supposed to be an infrastructure bill would contain no actual funding for any infrastructure projects—not one red cent. 
In addition to reneging on a promise 
to fund a grid modernization program and a pipeline replacement program that would have benefited low-income consumers, the majority has also stripped the one provision of the bill that received widespread praise and support from both sides of the aisle. 
The 21st Century Workforce title 
that my office had authored has been stripped from this awful excuse for a comprehensive energy bill. 
It would seem, Mr. Chairman, that 
all of the care and support that my Re-publican colleagues professed to have for helping minorities, women, and vet-erans find good-paying energy jobs and careers has somehow not only dis-sipated, but has totally disappeared. 
It would appear, Mr. Chairman, that 
due to the apathy and indifference of a 
few highly privileged desk jockey elitists from the Heritage Foundation, helping to improve the plight of mil-lions of disadvantaged Americans who have been historically underserved and underemployed within the energy sec-tor is now considered to be, to use their very words, ‘‘wasteful, ineffective, and inefficient.’’ So, what we are left, Mr. Chairman, 
with is this: What aspects of this bill can we take back to our constituents? What aspects of this bill can we tell our constituents with a straight face will help them improve their lives? 
All this bill does, Mr. Chairman, is 
attempt to strip away oversight and roll back regulations in order to help industry game the system and increase its profit at the expense of the Amer-ican people. Mr. Chairman, this bill is a sham, and it will actually take the Nation’s energy policy backwards, all the way back. 
Mr. Chairman, the 21st Century 
Workforce amendment represented a win for industry, a win for our commu-nities, and a win for Americans all. De-leting this very provision that was unanimously approved in committee speaks volumes about the majority’s commitment to minorities, to women, and to veterans. This bill, H.R. 8, leaves women behind, it leaves minori-ties behind, it leaves veterans behind, it leaves low-income communities be-hind, and it leaves America behind. 
Mr. Chairman, for this reason, I op-
pose the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I ask for 
a favorable vote on the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, line 5, through page 10, line 3, 
strike section 1101. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment sim-
ply strikes section 1101 of the under-lying bill. The section is a solution in search of a problem. The section’s pur-ported goal is to reinforce the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission’s role as the lead agency for siting interstate natural gas pipelines; however, I do not think there is any doubt over FERC’s role in pipeline siting approval. In reality, this section is designed to 
further expedite permitting for natural gas pipelines. But there is very little evidence that this process needs expe-diting, which ultimately would restrict States and other Federal agencies’ ability to review projects and the public’s ability to comment on them. 
Mr. Chairman, the GAO looked at the 
approval process for pipelines by FERC and found 95 percent are approved within 2 years. When it takes longer, it is because the project is large or con-troversial due to taking of private property, traversing State or Federal land, or requiring placement of com-pression stations and other operation equipment in an area close to existing infrastructure or communities. 
Even the industry agrees that pipe-
line approvals are happening. In Octo-ber, Pipelines Digest, an industry pub-lication, wrote: 
Through April 30 of this year, FERC cer-
tified and placed in service almost twice as many natural gas projects and more than doubled the miles of pipeline that were put in service and certified through the same date in 2014. 
We are building new pipelines. There 
is no problem that needs fixing. So what evidence is there that the certifi-cation process needs to be further tilt-ed in favor of pipeline companies at the expense of environmental review and public comment? I would say there isn’t any. Yet, Mr. Chairman, this sec-tion would require FERC to decide on a pipeline application within 90 days after the Commission issues its final environmental document, regardless of the complexity of the application. 
It would also allow FERC to consider 
environmental data collected by aerial or other remote surveys instead of on-site inspections. This would enable pipeline companies to circumvent prop-erty owners’ rights when surveying land, all in hopes of speeding up projects. 
The siting of natural gas pipelines is 
complicated and can be controversial. I know this well since there are a num-ber of projects currently being devel-oped in or near the district I represent. I hear from my constituents about these projects regularly. They are very concerned, and they feel like they are being left out of this process. They are concerned about the safety and about the noise, air, and water pollution from the construction and operation of the pipeline’s associated facilities. The pipeline companies do not have a prob-lem. The public does. 
We know that these types of projects, 
no matter how beneficial to the public interest, can be controversial. Someone is always unhappy about the selected route or placement of these facilities. But we need to do a better job of bring-ing the public along, and these provi-sions do the opposite. 
Mr. Chairman, the public has a right 
to be part of large projects that impact their communities. Does that take extra time? Yes. Is it less convenient for the company? Yes. But these pipe-lines will be in service for many dec-ades. If it is worth doing, it is worth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.051 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8924 December 2, 2015 
doing right. So I see no reason why we 
should be expediting projects if we can-not be sure they can be built in a safe and environmentally friendly manner. 
We need to ensure State and Federal 
regulators are given the time needed to carefully review applications for the construction of natural gas pipelines and to ensure that the landowners and the general public have the ability to participate meaningfully in the siting process. This section undermines that process. 
I urge support of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) for a 
brief statement. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding to me. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of the Tonko amendment and strongly urge its adoption. 
Section 1101 of this misguided energy 
bill includes a critical provision that I would like to highlight. This language would allow big energy companies to use aerial and remote surveying to cir-cumvent key FERC environmental re-views. 
This troubling provision flies in the 
face of the rights of local governments and even private landowners to make decisions about the use of their own property. This provision allows Big En-ergy to bypass more comprehensive and appropriate on-the-ground surveys to assess the environmental impacts of energy infrastructure. 
Mr. Chairman, there is one such 
project that New Jerseyans know all too well—the PennEast pipeline. PennEast is the proposed 108-mile nat-ural gas pipeline that would run from Pennsylvania, across the Delaware River, and terminate in Hopewell Township in my district. If built, this pipeline would threaten some of the most environmentally sensitive areas in the Delaware River Basin, farmland, watersheds, and uninterrupted natural areas. 
Virtually every local government 
along the PennEast route has officially lodged their opposition or disapproval. Concerned citizens have packed scoping meetings to make their voices heard to stop this pipeline. These are diverse communities across two States represented by Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle. Areas I rep-resent, like Mercer County and Hope-well, and scores of private property owners have exercised their right to deny PennEast access to their property to carry out their surveys. 
Mr. Chairman, my constituents sent 
me to Congress to fight for the envi-ronment and to stand up against ill- conceived projects such as this one. 
Mr. TONKO. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-
ment. Section 1101 makes important improvements to FERC’s process for reviewing interstate natural gas pipe-lines. 
As we all know, the demand for nat-
ural gas is growing, which requires new and modernized pipeline infrastruc-ture. It has got to happen. 
Unfortunately, the permitting proc-
ess is becoming increasingly complex and challenging. Rate hikes hit the families and businesses that can least afford it the hardest, the most vulner-able. So we have worked very dili-gently to find some agreement on this provision. We have held hearings, re-ceived technical assistance from FERC, and accepted many of their rec-ommendations. 
Section 1101 would authorize concur-
rent permitting reviews, require more transparency through the process, and allow for the use of new survey tech-nology for citing pipelines. 
Just yesterday, Mr. Chairman, in a 
hearing before the House Energy and Commerce Committee, FERC Chair-man Bay acknowledged the need for new pipeline capacity and signaled his support for the enhanced transparency provisions and the regulatory dash-board that is required by section 1101. 
So this amendment, if passed, would 
strike a commonsense approach to in-troduce greater public transparency and accountability for Federal and State permitting agencies, and there-fore I would ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 12, line 23, insert ‘‘and energy stor-
age’’ after ‘‘infrastructure’’. 
Page 13, line 19, insert ‘‘the energy storage 
industry,’’ after ‘‘natural gas industry,’’. 
Page 14, line 1, insert ‘‘, the energy storage 
industry,’’ after ‘‘States’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment to the North American En-ergy Security and Infrastructure Act will directly enhance reliable energy security when our communities are most vulnerable during natural disas-ters. My amendment simply adds en-ergy storage as a form of energy that the Department of Energy should con-sider to improve emergency prepared-ness. 
b1600 
The bill in its current form only ad-
dresses the need to have resilient oil and natural gas infrastructure, which we certainly should all support. 
Energy storage encompasses tech-
nologies capable of storing previously generated electric energy and releasing that energy at a later time. It can in-clude various types of batteries, ca-pacitors, fuel cells, and more and has the potential to improve electric power grids, enable growth in renewable elec-tricity generation, and provide alter-natives to oil-based fuels in the Na-tion’s transportation sector. 
Grid-level energy storage is on track 
to reach 40 gigawatts in capacity by 2022, a hundredfold increase from 2013. 
And natural disasters are becoming 
more and more common. Over the last 4 years, the Federal Government has spent more than $136 billion on relief for hurricanes, tornados, droughts, wildfires, and other weather-related events. 
We know that for every dollar we in-
vest in preparedness and resiliency we save $4 in cleanup and restoration, not to mention the lives that would be saved—something we cannot put a dol-lar value on. 
Building up community resiliency by 
including energy storage in prepara-tion plans will save lives and save money. 
In San Diego, our utilities, including 
SDG&E, are testing and developing en-ergy storage to accommodate renew-able energy, which makes up 33 percent of its power. 
Our school districts, including Poway 
Unified School District, are adding large-scale battery storage to their campuses that go beyond California’s energy efficiency guidelines to save money as heat waves and temperatures continue to spike. 
And our companies and universities, 
including UCSD, are part of the Cali-fornia State public-private partner-ship, CalCharge, that is developing the next generation of energy storage. 
Ensuring that we are better able to 
withstand extreme weather events with added energy storage is just common sense. Including energy storage in this bill is a smart, forward-thinking step to equip States and localities with the tools they need both in advance and in the aftermath of natural disasters. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.053 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8925 December 2, 2015 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
The gentleman from Michigan is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I support 
the amendment. I think that it is a good amendment. It includes energy storage as a form of energy that DOE should consider to enhance emergency preparedness for energy supply disrup-tions during natural disasters. 
It improves the bill, and I com-
pliment the gentleman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman. 
Thank you for your very hard work 
on this bill. I appreciate your consider-ation on inclusion of my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . FRANKS OF  
ARIZONA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 17, after line 12, insert the following: 
‘‘(8) G RID SECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The 
term ‘grid security vulnerability’ means a weakness that, in the event of a malicious act using an electromagnetic pulse, would pose a substantial risk of disruption to the operation of those electrical or electronic de-vices or communications networks, includ-ing hardware, software, and data, that are essential to the reliability of the bulk-power system. 
Page 26, after line 14, insert the following: ‘‘(e) M
EASURES TO ADDRESS GRIDSECURITY  
VULNERABILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) C OMMISSION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) R ELIABILITY STANDARDS .—If the Com-
mission, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies, identifies a grid security vulnerability that the Commission deter-mines has not adequately been addressed through a reliability standard developed and approved under section 215, the Commission shall, after notice and opportunity for com-ment and after consultation with the Sec-retary, other appropriate Federal agencies, and appropriate governmental authorities in Canada and Mexico, issue an order directing the Electric Reliability Organization to sub-mit to the Commission for approval under section 215, not later than 30 days after the issuance of such order, a reliability standard requiring implementation, by any owner, op-erator, or user of the bulk-power system in the United States, of measures to protect the bulk-power system against such vulner-ability. Any such standard shall include a protection plan, including automated hard-ware-based solutions. The Commission shall approve a reliability standard submitted pur-suant to this subparagraph, unless the Com-mission determines that such reliability standard does not adequately protect against such vulnerability or otherwise does not sat-isfy the requirements of section 215. 
‘‘(B) M
EASURES TO ADDRESS GRID SECURITY  
VULNERABILITIES .—If the Commission, after notice and opportunity for comment and 
after consultation with the Secretary, other appropriate Federal agencies, and appro-priate governmental authorities in Canada and Mexico, determines that the reliability standard submitted by the Electric Reli-ability Organization to address a grid secu-rity vulnerability identified under subpara-graph (A) does not adequately protect the bulk-power system against such vulner-ability, the Commission shall promulgate a rule or issue an order requiring implementa-tion, by any owner, operator, or user of the bulk-power system in the United States, of measures to protect the bulk-power system against such vulnerability. Any such rule or order shall include a protection plan, includ-ing automated hardware-based solutions. Be-fore promulgating a rule or issuing an order under this subparagraph, the Commission shall, to the extent practicable in light of the urgency of the need for action to address the grid security vulnerability, request and consider recommendations from the Electric Reliability Organization regarding such rule or order. The Commission may establish an appropriate deadline for the submission of such recommendations. 
‘‘(2) R
ESCISSION .—The Commission shall 
approve a reliability standard developed under section 215 that addresses a grid secu-rity vulnerability that is the subject of a rule or order under paragraph (1)(B), unless the Commission determines that such reli-ability standard does not adequately protect against such vulnerability or otherwise does not satisfy the requirements of section 215. Upon such approval, the Commission shall rescind the rule promulgated or order issued under paragraph (1)(B) addressing such vul-nerability, effective upon the effective date of the newly approved reliability standard. 
‘‘(3) G
EOMAGNETIC STORMS AND ELECTRO -
MAGNETIC PULSE .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and an opportunity for comment and after consulta-tion with the Secretary and other appro-priate Federal agencies, issue an order di-recting the Electric Reliability Organization to submit to the Commission for approval under section 215, not later than 6 months after the issuance of such order, reliability standards adequate to protect the bulk- power system from any reasonably foresee-able geomagnetic storm or electromagnetic pulse event. The Commission’s order shall specify the nature and magnitude of the rea-sonably foreseeable events against which such standards must protect. Such standards shall appropriately balance the risks to the 
bulk-power system associated with such events, including any regional variation in such risks, the costs of mitigating such risks, and the priorities and timing associ-ated with implementation. If the Commis-sion determines that the reliability stand-ards submitted by the Electric Reliability Organization pursuant to this paragraph are inadequate, the Commission shall promul-gate a rule or issue an order adequate to pro-tect the bulk-power system from geo-magnetic storms or electromagnetic pulse as required under paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(4) L
ARGE TRANSFORMER AVAILABILITY .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and an opportunity for comment and after consultation with the Secretary and other appropriate Federal agencies, issue an order directing the Electric Reliability Organization to submit to the Commission for approval under section 215, not later than 1 year after the issuance of such order, reli-ability standards addressing availability of large transformers. Such standards shall re-quire entities that own or operate large transformers to ensure, individually or joint-ly, adequate availability of large trans-
formers to promptly restore the reliable op-eration of the bulk-power system in the event that any such transformer is destroyed or disabled as a result of a geomagnetic storm event or electromagnetic pulse event. The Commission’s order shall specify the na-ture and magnitude of the reasonably fore-seeable events that shall provide the basis for such standards. Such standards shall— 
‘‘(A) provide entities subject to the stand-
ards with the option of meeting such stand-ards individually or jointly; and 
‘‘(B) appropriately balance the risks asso-
ciated with a reasonably foreseeable event, including any regional variation in such risks, and the costs of ensuring adequate availability of spare transformers. 
‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN FEDERAL ENTITIES .—For the 
11-year period commencing on the date of en-actment of this section, the Tennessee Val-ley Authority and the Bonneville Power Ad-ministration shall be exempt from any re-quirement under this subsection. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair-
man, I want first to thank the chair-man of the Rules Committee, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , for making this amendment in 
order, along with his committee mem-bers. 
And I want to sincerely thank the 
chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. U
PTON , for his support 
for the amendment and also just for the entire effort on his part in other committees of jurisdiction to move this underlying and critically impor-tant bill forward. 
Mr. Chairman, our national security 
and the reliability of our electric grid are inextricably related. Without the grid, telecommunications no longer op-erate, transportation of every kind is profoundly affected, sewage and water treatment facilities stop, and a safe and continuous food supply is inter-rupted. 
Contemporary society, Mr. Chair-
man, is not structured nor does it have the means to provide for the needs of nearly 300 million Americans without electricity. The current strategy for re-covery from a failure of the electric grid leaves us ill-prepared to respond effectively to a significant manmade or naturally occurring electromagnetic pulse event that would potentially re-sult in damage to vast numbers of the critical electric grid components near-ly simultaneously or over an unprece-dented geographic scale. 
Mr. Chairman, the negative impacts 
on U.S. electric infrastructure are po-tentially catastrophic in a major EMP or severe space weather event unless practical steps are taken to provide protection for critical elements of the electric system. 
Nearly a dozen studies, including 
those by DOD, DOE, the Army War Col-lege, the National Academy of Sciences, and the bipartisan Electro-magnetic Pulse Commission have all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.056 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8926 December 2, 2015 
come to the same conclusion: The 
United States bulk power grid is criti-cally vulnerable to severe space weath-er and electromagnetic pulse, and this represents a profound danger to this Nation. 
We have now spent billions of dollars 
hardening our critical defense assets against electromagnetic pulse. How-ever, the Department of Defense de-pends upon the unprotected civilian grid within the continual United States for 99 percent of their elec-tricity needs without which they can-not effect their mission. 
Some of America’s most enlightened 
national security experts, as well as many of our enemies or potential en-emies, consider a well-executed weaponized electromagnetic pulse against America to be a ‘‘kill shot’’ against America. 
It is astonishing that our civilian 
grid remains fundamentally unpro-tected against a severe EMP, and for it to remain so is an open invitation to our enemies to exploit this dangerous vulnerability. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment 
amends section 215 of the Federal Power Act by creating a protocol for cooperation between industry and gov-ernment in the development, promul-gation, and implementation of stand-ards and processes that are necessary to address the current shortcomings and vulnerabilities of the electric grid from a major EMP event. 
This base bill does indeed provide for 
such protocols for the protection of the grid but only in a ‘‘grid security emer-gency,’’ defined in the bill as the actual occurrence of the EMP event or the im-minent danger of one, and only after the President issues a written directive declaring such an emergency. 
Mr. Chairman, that is akin to having 
a parachute that opens on impact. The nature of this threat is such that if there is a true emergency it may be too late to effectively respond. My amend-ment is critical because it proactively encourages cooperation on a solution to our vulnerability before it is deemed an emergency. 
Mr. Chairman, finally, I would just 
say that we live in a time where the vulnerabilities to our electric grid, our most critical infrastructure, are big enough to be seen and still small enough to be addressed. This is our mo-ment. 
I appeal to my colleagues to support 
this vital amendment to protect Amer-icans and our national security from this dangerous threat. 
Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I yield to 
the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. I would just say to the 
gentleman, I agree with what you have to say, that the electromagnetic pulse, EMP, and geomagnetic disturbances really do pose a real threat to the grid. 
I think your amendment is construc-
tive. It moves the bill forward. I have a few small concerns, but it is a good amendment, and I certainly intend to 
vote for it. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
chairman more than I know how to say, and I hope that it comes to fru-ition as it should. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment aims to address the threat of electromagnetic pulses and geo-magnetic storms on the Nation’s elec-tric grid. 
While I agree that we should protect 
our Nation’s electric grid, I don’t agree that we should only focus on these high-impact, low-frequency events. There are many other threats, Mr. Chairman, to the grid that deserve just as much focus. 
The Franks amendment may under-
mine current FERC authority in the process for developing consistent tech-nical standards for grid security al-ready in place under Federal law. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . POLIQUIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 45, line 8, insert ‘‘(which may not be 
required to be for a period longer than one year)’’ after ‘‘contractual obligations’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maine. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, the great State of 
Maine is blessed with natural re-sources. We have 3,000 miles of breath-taking coastline. We have healthy fish-eries. We have an abundance of inland waterways, rivers, streams, lakes, and ponds, and we have an abundance of water as a result. We have potatoes and broccoli in our farming communities, and our landscape is dotted with small organic farms that continue to grow. And, most importantly, or as impor-tantly, Maine is right in the middle of the country’s wood basket. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, when you cut a 
strand of trees, one can leave behind the branches and the bark for that matter to decompose and become part of the carbon cycle, or that bark and branches and chips can be collected and 
transported to paper mills to burn en-ergy or to burn to create energy to run the machinery to create paper, or they can be trucked to power plants to produce electricity. 
Now, when this happens, it is the 
same carbon footprint if that biomass decays on the forest floor or if it is burned in a paper mill or an electric generating station. 
This creates jobs, Mr. Chairman, for 
loggers and truckers, and also we help fuel our State economy and our Na-tion’s economy by using this renew-able, green, abundant, safe, homegrown biomass. 
Many States, Mr. Chairman, have 
shifted away from foreign importation of oil for all kinds of reasons, not the least of which is national security. And, today, throughout our country, we are using more natural gas and oil developed here in our country, in America—also nuclear power, hydro, and biomass. 
Today, Mr. Chairman, Federal regu-
lations allow electric utilities to deter-mine the reliability of the source of fuel they are burning to create elec-tricity. Part of that reliability equa-tion is the length of a contract to de-liver that fuel source to the power plant. 
If the reliability of that fuel source is 
not up to snuff, then that fuel source would result in electricity generated by that power plant not having full ac-cess to the power grid and not being able to sell its product, electricity, to the economy. 
Some sources of fuel, like coal, for 
example, Mr. Chairman, are usually sold in 2- or 3-year contracts. The rea-son for that is because coal today is mostly used to generate electricity. 
However, biomass is different. We can 
use branches and wood chips and bark and biomass that includes other or-ganic materials to create pellets that are burned in wood stoves or to create mulch that gardeners use or also to create plywood and other materials. As a result, Mr. Chairman, biomass as a fuel source is usually sold in 1-year in-crements. 
This bill, H.R. 8, the North American 
Energy Security and Infrastructure Act, where I am offering an amend-ment, Mr. Chairman, is a small tech-nical amendment but a very important one, because what it does is it puts all fuel sources on a level playing field, able to compete in the market, such that biomass—a green, renewable, envi-ronmentally friendly, homegrown source of fuel for our electric genera-tors—is not penalized. 
This is good for the economy, Mr. 
Chairman. It is good for job creation. It strengthens our national security be-cause it diversifies the fuel sources that we need to fuel and power our electric generators that are used in creating jobs and creating products throughout our country. 
As a result, Mr. Chairman, I ask ev-
erybody in this Chamber, Republicans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.058 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8927 December 2, 2015 
and Democrats, today to support this 
commonsense amendment to help our State, to help our country, to help our economy, and to help our families live better lives. 
b1615 
Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. POLIQUIN. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to say to my colleagues that this amendment clarifies that electric plants can be considered reliable with-out having to enter into supply con-tracts that are greater than a year. 
I think that it is a good amendment, 
and we are willing to accept it. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman from Maine’s amendment adds further specificity to the criteria defining fuel certainty, one of the three requirements that defines reliable gen-eration in section 1107 of the bill. 
The amendment to the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act, or PURPA, is already too prescriptive, in my view. The amendments in this legislation to capacity markets under the Federal Power Act in section 1110 and to PURPA in section 1107 are an attempt at micromanaging grid decisions. 
I am not certain what the gentleman 
from Maine’s amendment would be other than to ensure that no electric generation facility need enter into a contract with a fuel supplier that was any longer than 1 year. 
I realize some problems have arisen 
in the New England capacity market, but I doubt this is the best way to ad-dress those problems. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . VEASEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 58, after line 22, insert the following 
new subparagraph: 
(C) A DDITIONAL REPORT .—The Secretary of 
Energy shall transmit to Congress a report on the potential commercial use of carbon capture, utilization, and storage tech-nologies (including enhanced oil recovery), its potential effects on the economy and gross domestic product (GDP), and its con-tributions to the United States greenhouse gas emission reduction goals if widely uti-lized at major carbon dioxide-emitting power 
plants. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to offer an amendment that would require the Department of En-ergy to submit a report to Congress re-lated to carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration, known as CCUS technologies. 
This report would explore the poten-
tial effects that the commercial utili-zation of CCUS technologies would have on the Nation’s economy and our gross domestic product. It would also examine what these technologies could contribute to our efforts to reach our greenhouse gas emission reduction goals. 
My amendment is intended to supple-
ment the CCUS evaluation report that is required by the underlying legisla-tion. I am confident that this study’s finding will provide concrete evidence that CCUS represents a way to benefit the economy and the environment while meeting our Nation’s energy needs. 
CCUS is a combination of tech-
nologies that allows industries to cap-ture carbon, or CO
2, emissions for 
transport or storage before they are emitted into the atmosphere. These technologies have the potential to allow for the continued use of indus-tries while decreasing the amount of CO
2released into the environment. 
America’s recent energy boom has 
shown us that fossil fuels will continue to make up a sizable portion of our Na-tion’s energy portfolio. So, as we con-tinue to pursue an all-of-the-above en-ergy policy, we must also be sure that we use these resources in an environ-mentally responsible fashion. Carbon capture technologies do achieve that goal. That is evident in the wide range of support it receives from industry as well as from environmental groups. 
However, though much is understood 
about the various aspects of CCUS, commercial or large-scale deployment has not been achieved, and that is for a variety of different reasons. The ab-sence of commercial projects has led to a fractured understanding of its wide-spread economic and environmental benefits. 
So it is important for us to under-
stand the potential economic benefits CCUS could hold for consumers and stakeholders if we continue to urge the Department of Energy to increase its investments in the research and devel-opment of these technologies. 
The results of this study would also 
provide industry stakeholders and like-ly investors with concrete data to make those economic decisions. 
Finally, as America continues to par-
ticipate in the global effort to address climate change, we must also under-stand what CCUS can contribute to our emission reduction goals. By consid-
ering long-term climate mitigation needs, this study could provide reason for the Department of Energy to con-tinue to support CCUS technologies even if a DOE-supported project does not immediately succeed. 
These technologies have a variety of 
possible applications, from oil recovery and so on, and it is time that we really understood how a large-scale deploy-ment of this technology would benefit our country. So I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. But I support the 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment re-
quires the Department of Energy to submit a report to Congress on the po-tential effects that the commercial uti-lization of carbon capture and seques-tration could have on the economy, en-ergy infrastructure, and greenhouse gas emission goals. 
I support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
In subtitle A of title I, add at the end the 
following new section: 
SEC. 1111. ETHANE STORAGE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
and the Secretary of Commerce, in consulta-tion with other relevant agencies and stake-holders, shall conduct a study on the feasi-bility of establishing an ethane storage and distribution hub in the United States. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The study conducted under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an examination of— (A) potential locations; (B) economic feasibility; (C) economic benefits; (D) geological storage capacity capabili-
ties; 
(E) above ground storage capabilities; (F) infrastructure needs; and (G) other markets and trading hubs, par-
ticularly related to ethane; and 
(2) identification of potential additional 
benefits to energy security. 
(c) P
UBLICATION OF RESULTS .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of Energy and Com-merce shall publish the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) on the websites of the Departments of Energy and Commerce, respectively, and shall submit such results to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives and the Committees on Energy and Natural Resources and Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.060 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8928 December 2, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
plaud the work of Chairman U PTON and 
his staff in their bringing this crucial energy bill to the floor, and I want to thank them for that. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
this amendment, which directs the De-partment of Energy and the Depart-ment of Commerce to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing one or more ethane storage and distribution hubs in the United States. This study will also examine the potential bene-fits that an ethane storage hub would have on our Nation’s energy security. 
The extraction of natural gas from 
shale gas formations has increased dra-matically over the last 15 years, and ethane is the largest component of that shale gas. Most of the ethane produc-tion is used in the petrochemical sector in order to make ethylene, a major component used in the feedstock for manufacturing. 
Yet, while the ethane supply con-
tinues to grow, the lack of infrastruc-ture and storage inhibits its potential for America’s manufacturing economy. Establishing ethane storage and dis-tribution hubs could bring about new markets for these stranded liquids and allow America’s shale formations to achieve their full potential as critical national energy assets. 
A revamped storage and distribution 
infrastructure will make our economy less vulnerable to potential unantici-pated disruptions and will reduce transportation costs. 
Furthermore, the results of this 
study and decentralization of ethane activity could encourage investment in manufacturing and the expansion of the petrochemical industry all across America. 
Therefore, I urge my colleagues to 
support this amendment for a study. 
Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is a good amendment. It directs the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce, in consulta-tion with other relevant agencies and stakeholders, to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing an ethane storage and distribution hub in the U.S. 
The gentleman and I have talked 
about it over the last number of months. I think it is a good amend-ment, and it adds to the bill, so I sup-port the amendment. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MRS . ELLMERS  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as 
follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 11 ll. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON GRID 
MODERNIZATION. 
It is the policy of the United States to pro-
mote and advance— 
(1) the modernization of the energy deliv-
ery infrastructure of the United States, and bolster the reliability, affordability, diver-sity, efficiency, security, and resiliency of domestic energy supplies, through advanced grid technologies; 
(2) the modernization of the electric grid to 
enable a robust multi-directional power flow that leverages centralized energy resources and distributed energy resources, enables ro-bust retail transactions, and facilitates the alignment of business and regulatory models to achieve a grid that optimizes the entire electric delivery system; 
(3) relevant research and development in 
advanced grid technologies, including— 
(A) energy storage; (B) predictive tools and requisite real-time 
data to enable the dynamic optimization of grid operations; 
(C) power electronics, including smart in-
verters, that ease the challenge of intermit-tent renewable resources and distributed generation; 
(D) real-time data and situational aware-
ness tools and systems; and 
(E) tools to increase data security, phys-
ical security, and cybersecurity awareness and protection; 
(4) the leadership of the United States in 
basic and applied sciences to develop a sys-tems approach to innovation and develop-ment of cyber-secure advanced grid tech-nologies, architectures, and control para-digms capable of managing diverse supplies and loads; 
(5) the safeguarding of the critical energy 
delivery infrastructure of the United States and the enhanced resilience of the infra-structure to all hazards, including— 
(A) severe weather events; (B) cyber and physical threats; and (C) other factors that affect energy deliv-
ery; 
(6) the coordination of goals, investments 
to optimize the grid, and other measures for energy efficiency, advanced grid tech-nologies, interoperability, and demand re-sponse-side management resources; 
(7) partnerships with States and the pri-
vate sector— 
(A) to facilitate advanced grid capabilities 
and strategies; and 
(B) to provide technical assistance, tools, 
or other related information necessary to en-hance grid integration, particularly in con-nection with the development at the State and local levels of strategic energy, energy surety and assurance, and emergency pre-paredness, response, and restoration plan-ning; 
(8) the deployment of information and 
communications technologies at all levels of the electric system; 
(9) opportunities to provide consumers 
with timely information and advanced con-trol options; (10) sophisticated or advanced control op-
tions to integrate distributed energy re-sources and associated ancillary services; 
(11) open-source communications, database 
architectures, and common information model standards, guidelines, and protocols that enable interoperability to maximize ef-ficiency gains and associated benefits among— 
(A) the grid; (B) energy and building management sys-
tems; and 
(C) residential, commercial, and industrial 
equipment; 
(12) private sector investment in the en-
ergy delivery infrastructure of the United States through targeted demonstration and validation of advanced grid technologies; and 
(13) establishment of common valuation 
methods and tools for cost-benefit analysis of grid integration paradigms. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ) 
and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from North Carolina. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this bipartisan amendment. 
I join my colleague, Congressman 
J
ERRY MCNERNEY of California. To-
gether, we chair the Grid Innovation Caucus with the belief that we need to have a bold and ambitious vision for modernizing our Nation’s electric grid. 
Our current electric infrastructure 
resembles that of the original grid built over 100 years ago. New tech-nology has given us the opportunity to transform a 20th century grid into a 21st century grid, and my home State of North Carolina is helping to lead the way. In fact, North Carolina is the sec-ond-leading State in grid innovation technology development behind Cali-fornia. 
There is a need to bring our electric 
grid and the entire electric system up to date in order to meet the changing demands of our digital economy. This amendment is simply a statement of policy and a blueprint for what we want our future grid to consist of and how we want it to perform. By adopt-ing this amendment, we begin to de-velop a concrete plan to further secure our grid. 
This is a conversation that needs to 
happen now, and this energy package moves the debate forward. Technology has given us the ability to further se-cure our grid from physical and cyber threats as well as increase the effi-ciency, reliability, and redundancy of this vital component. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague from North Caro-lina for yielding and for her work on the Grid Innovation Caucus, which is one example of bipartisan cooperation for the good of the Nation. 
I also join my colleague Mrs. 
E
LLMERS in offering this bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.065 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8929 December 2, 2015 
amendment, which would establish a 
statement on grid modernization pol-icy. This will establish a clear vision to achieve the future grid. 
The grid is the core of our Nation’s 
effort to transition to clean energy sources. That said, our current electric grid has much the same technology that was in place for the last 100 years. We need to improve and upgrade the grid to meet the 21st century demands and the demands of the digital econ-omy. 
The future grid must be reliable, se-
cure, resilient, and affordable while in-tegrating a range of resources and de-vices, including intermittent renew-able energy, storage, and electric vehi-cles. 
Having a national grid modernization 
policy, or vision, will help achieve these objectives while maintaining the secure, safe, reliable, and affordable power for which our Nation is known. 
I thank my colleague, who is the co-
chair of the Grid Innovation Caucus, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amend-ment. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I support 
the amendment, and I congratulate the two on its being a bipartisan amend-ment. This makes a strong policy on grid modernization. I appreciate their work, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b1630 
AMENDMENT NO . 9, AS MODIFIED , OFFERED BY  
MS. JACKSON LEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I offer 
amendment No. 9, and I ask unanimous consent that it be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment, as modified, and report the modification. 
The text of the amendment, as modi-
fied, is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 11 ll. GRID RESILIENCE REPORT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of En-ergy shall submit to the Congress a report on methods to increase electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, and severe weather. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the amendment is modified. Pursuant to House Resolution 542, 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me express 
my appreciation to Chairman U PTON  
and Ranking Member P ALLONE and the 
Rules Committee for allowing this amendment to come to the floor. Let me thank Chairman S
ESSIONS and 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER of the 
Rules Committee as well. 
As I begin, let me acknowledge that 
I think we have a collective commit-ment and need to continue to assess the electric grid. According to a De-partment of Energy report on the eco-nomic benefits of increasing the elec-tric grid resilience, the electric grid in the State of Texas is highly vulnerable to severe weather, cyber attacks, van-dalism, and terrorism. Mr. Chairman, Texas is only an example. 
I hold in my hand a letter from the 
Senate Committee on Veteran Affairs & Military Installations that has come to my attention and the House Com-mittee on Defense and Veterans’ Af-fairs to take note of the vulnerability. I use this letter from the State to only say that other States are in the same category. 
That is why the Jackson Lee amend-
ment is very relevant, because it re-quires a report to be promulgated upon our Nation’s preparedness for chal-lenges in energy as it pertains to cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, and se-vere weather. 
I sit on the Homeland Security Com-
mittee’s Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies Subcommittee, and we see every day vulnerabilities to the cybersecurity or the infrastructure. The importance of this amendment was underscored, as I indicated, in a letter that I received. 
My amendment offers the option of 
the utilization of geothermal power, in addition to other renewable strategies, to address some of the energy insecu-rities faced by this Nation. In today’s world of natural and manmade disas-ters in the energy sector, seeking and implementing complementary alter-native measures, such as that proposed in my amendment, will help address some of the insecurity issues triggered by these disasters. 
The natural disasters suffered in 
many of our home States, whether it is tornados or hurricanes, we know that the grid is an important survival asset for the Nation. 
According to the DOE report, the av-
erage yearly cost of power outages from severe weather in the U.S. is be-tween $18 billion to $33 billion. Cold weather in a number of States caused two emergencies that knocked out 9,355 megawatts. 
These events warn us that key infra-
structure facilities along the Gulf Coast and many other places continue to stress our grid. Thus, this amend-ment seeks to facilitate the United States’ exploration of possibilities, 
strategies, and utilities of promoting energy infrastructure. 
I would ask my colleagues to join me 
in ensuring through this report that we are in front of it, if we can be, to strengthen our electric grid, to look for alternatives, to be ahead of cybersecu-rity attacks, vandalism, weather condi-tions, and assure the American public that they do have a resilient system that will last during times of great dis-aster. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
amendment. 
Mr. Chair, let me express my appreciation to 
Chairman U
PTON and Ranking Member P AL-
LONE for their leadership and commitment to 
American energy infrastructure development, security, independence and economic growth. 
I also wish to thank Chairman S
ESSIONS , 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER , and the mem-
bers of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to 
explain my amendment, which provides: 
GRID RESILIENCE REPORT  
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a report on methods to increase electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, van-dalism, terrorism, and severe weather. 
According to a Department of Energy Re-
port on the Economic Benefits of Increasing Electric Grid Resilience, the electrical grid in the state of Texas is highly vulnerable to se-vere weather, cyber attacks, vandalism and terrorism. 
This is why Jackson Lee Amendment Num-
ber 9 is very relevant because it requires a re-port to be promulgated on our nation’s pre-paredness for challenges in energy, as per-tains to cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism and severe weather. 
The importance of this Amendment was un-
derscored in a letter addressed to me and other members of the Texas Delegation from the Texas Senate Veterans Affairs and Military Installations Committee and the Texas House Defense and Veteran’s Affairs Committee. 
My Amendment offers the option of the utili-
zation of geothermal power in addition to other renewable strategies to address some of the energy insecurities faced by my home state of Texas and by our nation as a whole. 
Across the nation from New Orleans to 
Georgia to New Jersey, we have all seen the devastation natural and man made disasters have wrought on the livelihood of Americans. 
In today’s world of natural and man-made 
disasters in the energy sector, seeking and implementing complementary alternative measures such as that proposed in my Amendment will help address some of the in-security issues triggered by these disasters. 
The natural disaster suffered in my home 
state of Texas is an example that underscores the imperative of a well informed report cor-roborated by data and facts. 
Here are the recent facts: According to a 
DOE report, the average yearly cost of power outages from severe weather in the U.S. is between $18–$33 billion; Cold weather in Texas caused a level two emergency that knocked out 9,355 MW of power that dras-tically increased wholesale electricity prices 100 times the normal rate in January 2014; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.067 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8930 December 2, 2015 
Additionally, in 2014 alone, there were ap-
proximately eight major power outages in the Corpus Christi area, three of which affected nearby Navy bases. 
These events warn us that key infrastructure 
facilities along the gulf coast operate 24/7 365 days a year, with ongoing powerful power de-mands, and there is a need for enormous and capable energy security infrastructures, pre-pared to handle natural and man-made disas-ters. 
Thus, this Amendment seeks to facilitate the 
United State’s exploration of the possibilities, strategies and the utility of promoting energy infrastructures. 
Indeed, part of what I hope will be the result 
of the report requested by my Amendment are the timelines, actions and plans for bolstering energy security and infrastructure develop-ment in our nation. 
Already we can see some of the potential 
dividends of investing in infrastructures that foster the utilization of our geothermal re-sources to promote energy security and effi-ciency. 
A prime example is my home state of 
Texas. 
Indeed, according to reports, Texas’ geo-
thermal resources can complement both off- site wind and solar projects and leverage the earth’s constant heat in gulf coast pressurized zones and eliminate dependency on external fuel sources. 
For example, the National Renewable En-
ergy Laboratory (NREL) published a study in 2012 that determined a minimum of 2,500 Megawatts to the power of 3 (MW
3) of geo-
thermal potential within the gulf coast region. 
For those of us in the Gulf Coast, our geo-
thermal can serve as an unlimited resource which can provide relief to facilities in need of clean, stable power and set a new standard for sustainability. 
Additionally, geothermal resource can be in-
strumental in fostering our nation’s renewable energy, while adding military value to our de-fense installations. 
For all of these reasons, I urge my col-
leagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I supported 
the amendment before it was revised. I support the amendment as revised. 
This amendment directs the Sec-
retary of Energy to submit to the House and Senate Energy Committees a report on methods to increase elec-tric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, van-dalism, terrorism, and severe weather. Actually, as amended, it requires it submit to the Congress versus the spe-cific committees. 
I think it is a fine amendment, and I 
support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ). 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to also lend my support to the legisla-tion on grid resiliency. I think it is 
very important. I appreciate the gen-tlewoman putting it forward. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
include for the R
ECORD this letter from 
the Senate Committee on Veteran Af-fairs & Military Installations of the State of Texas and the House Com-mittee on Defense and Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON VETERAN AF-
FAIRS & M ILITARY INSTALLATIONS  
AND HOUSE COMMITTEE ON DE-
FENSE AND VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , 
November 12, 2015. 
DEAR HONORABLE JACKSON LEE: On behalf 
of the Texas Senate Committee on Veteran Affairs and Military Installations and the House Committee on Defense and Veterans’ Affairs, we are writing to ask for your sup-port for the development of geothermal en-ergy along the Gulf Coast to provide onsite power and increased energy independence to critical infrastructure facilities that include Military bases such as Naval Air Station (NAS) Corpus Christi, Naval Air Station Kingsville, and the Ports of Corpus Christi and Brownsville. 
The August 2013 Report of Economic Bene-
fits of Increasing Electric Grid Resilience authored by the Department of Energy de-termined that in addition to cyber-attacks, vandalism, and terrorism, the electrical grid is highly vulnerable to severe weather. The average yearly cost of power outages from severe weather in the U.S. is between $18-$33 billion. Cold weather in Texas caused a level two emergency that knocked out 9,355 MW of power that drastically increased wholesale electricity prices 100 times the normal rate in January 2014. Additionally in 2014, there 
were approximately eight major power out-ages in the Corpus Christi area, three of which affected the nearby Navy bases. Key infrastructure facilities along the gulf coast operate 24/7/365 and their ongoing power de-mands are enormous; however, the need for cleaner and more cost effective renewables is also increasing. 
The National Renewable Energy Labora-
tory (NREL), who supports the military’s re-newable energy goal, published a study in April 2012 that determined a minimum of 2,500 MW of geothermal power potential within the gulf coast region and more recent review by geothermal energy developers have doubled that estimate. Our committees were briefed recently on a conceptual plan to generate as much as 10MW of geothermal power within a 2-acre area at NAS Corpus Christi and up to 5MW at NAS Kingsville. The Corpus Christi Army Depot who is a ten-ant on NAS Corpus Christi is also consid-ering a plan through its Energy Service Company (ESCO) to utilize geothermal power with a MicroGrid on-site to enhance its energy security in case of power outage. This MicroGrid would complement other off- site renewable power sent from the local grid. 
From a regulatory stand-point, the Energy 
Act of 2005, Presidential Executive Orders 13423 and 13513, and the Department of the Navy’s own Renewable Energy Security Goals established by Navy Secretary Ray Mabus in October 2012 are some of the other drivers that are encouraging the military’s use of any geographically available onsite renewable sources by 2015 and 2020 respec-tively. The Navy’s 2012 report only consid-ered 1.2MW Solar PV for on-site generation at NAS Corpus Christi; however we under-stand their renewable energy team has ac-knowledged Geothermal is an option that has still not been implemented. 
Texas’ Geothermal resources can com-
plement both off-site wind and solar projects and leverage the earth’s constant heat in 
gulf coast geopressured zones and eliminate dependency on external fuel sources. This unlimited resource will provide relief to fa-cilities in need of clean, stable power and set a new standard for sustainability while fos-tering renewable energy growth in Texas and adding military value to our defense instal-lations. 
As Chairs of the Texas military affairs 
committees, we ask for your support and ad-vocacy of this approach to military leaders in Washington D.C. It will improve military value for our defense installations, create new jobs in the energy sector, and benefit the State of Texas as a whole. If you would like more information on the potential projects in Texas, please feel free to contact staff of either Committee. 
Sincerely, 
S
ENATOR DONNA CAMPBELL , 
CHAIR, 
Senate Veteran Affairs 
& Military Installa-tions Committee. 
R
EPRESENTATIVE SUSAN L. 
KING, CHAIR, 
House Defense & Vet-
erans’ Affairs Com-mittee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me conclude by simply saying I thank both Mr. U
PTON and Mr. P AL-
LONE for joining in the unanimous con-
sent to revise the amendment simply to say that this report on increasing methods to increase the electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, severe weather, will go to the Congress. I thank them very much. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
The amendment, as modified, was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 11 ll. GAO REPORT ON IMPROVING NA-
TIONAL RESPONSE CENTER. 
The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall conduct a study of ways in which the capabilities of the National Re-sponse Center could be improved. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, the National 
Response Center is a joint operation between the U.S. Coast Guard, the EPA, and other agencies. It is the sole Federal point of contact for reporting hazardous substance releases and oil spills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.030 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8931 December 2, 2015 
Essentially, it is our Nation’s 911 for 
dangerous spills, staffed by the Coast Guard 24 hours a day, passing on re-ports to relevant national response teams. 
Those teams then go to the site of a 
spill, assess the situation, determine the best way to mitigate exposure, and quickly clean up the spill. Often it is the Coast Guard being called upon to clean up a spill when it involves sur-face water. 
Back in March I visited a Coast 
Guard station in my district to learn more about their operations. While I was there, we talked quite a bit about a serious deficiency in their capabili-ties, a deficiency that came to light during one of the greatest environ-mental disasters that our State has faced, and the chairman is quite aware of this. 
In 2010, there was a large spill on the 
Kalamazoo River. It was the largest in-land oil spill in the history of the U.S., in fact. The Coast Guard was called upon to help with those cleanup ef-forts. 
When they arrived, however, they 
learned that the equipment that they had brought to the spill was for one type of oil—the oil that they believed to have been involved in this particular incident—but the oil in the Kalamazoo River was an entirely different type and consistency than what they had expected, and it required a different cleanup method. 
Valuable time was lost as the Coast 
Guard actually had to return back to their station, hours away, to get the right equipment. Meanwhile, this spill continued into this river. 
The terrible scope of the spill could 
have been much more easily mitigated had the National Response Center pos-sessed the basic information regarding the contents of that particular pipeline so they could pass the information on to the Coast Guard to address the spill when it occurred. 
Currently, these response teams are 
often flying blind as they head out to spills. Without this important informa-tion, the likelihood of much more seri-ous damage, such as what we saw in 2010 in the Kalamazoo River, is much higher. 
So I have been talking with lots of 
folks, including the people within the Coast Guard, about ways to improve their ability to address and respond to this type of spill. 
The amendment that I have offered 
would simply require the GAO to con-duct a study of ways in which the capa-bilities of the National Response Cen-ter could be improved, including pro-viding additional information on the contents of these pipelines. 
It would be an independent study 
that could then guide policymakers in improving the National Response Cen-ter, providing them the tools they need in the 21st century. 
The National Response Center re-
ceives over 6,000 calls per year across the country on all different sorts of spills. Giving the National Response 
Center the tools they need in order to respond to these incidents as quickly as possible with the right information is critical not only to protecting public health, but in preventing long-term damage to the environment. 
Of course, coming from Michigan—in 
the district that I represent, the Great Lakes, I have 77 miles of shoreline—we are particularly concerned about sur-face water spills, and this information is absolutely critical. Forty million people depend on the Great Lakes for drinking water. We want to ensure that those who are charged with responding to accidents, such as the one we saw in Michigan, have all the information and tools available to them. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I support the 
amendment. I want to say to my friend from the great State of Michigan that this is obviously an issue that is close to both of our hearts. 
I want to go back. When I was first 
elected a few years ago, one of the first bills that I saw enacted into law was an oil spill response team for the Great Lakes. It was actually a visit, I think, now to your district, Bay City, back then, which had a fairly significant oil spill. We found out that the Coast Guard was totally unprepared. My amendment was added, I want to say, to a highway bill to get it done. 
When we had the oil spill on the 
Kalamazoo River in Calhoun County a few years ago, we looked at that. We actually passed the Upton-Dingell—not the D
EBBIE DINGELL , but the John Din-
gell—bill on pipeline safety, which I want to say passed this body with more than 400 votes. 
It did a lot of good things, including 
one that was very important, which was, when there is an oil spill, it had to be reported to PHMSA within an hour versus on a timely basis. That was a big change. 
Now that we expect the passage to-
morrow of the highway bill, Chairman S
HUSTER and myself will be working 
again to reauthorize the pipeline safety bill. I am led to believe that we will be prepared to start early next year to bring a bill to the floor. I look forward to your support. 
b1645 
Anything that we can do to improve 
the current system is a good thing, which is why I strongly support your amendment today. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to thank the chairman for his good work on this. I look forward to working with him again on additional pipeline safety measures as they come to the floor. I appreciate his support 
for my amendment. 
I believe in quitting while I am 
ahead. With that, unless the ranking member would like time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-
stands that amendment No. 11 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 118, line 2, insert ‘‘transportation,’’ 
after ‘‘distribution,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
am trying to figure out who would be opposed to this amendment, so maybe I will just talk my few minutes and go from there. 
The bill deals with energy, and I am 
trying to figure out, let’s see, energy that goes along in wires would be elec-trical energy. If it is coal, it is prob-ably on a truck or a train. If it is oil or gas, it is on a pipeline or maybe in a truck, maybe in a boat or barge. 
But this bill doesn’t speak to the 
transportation of energy, so this amendment is extraordinarily impor-tant because it really says that, if you are going to study energy, you better study how you are going to get it to 
wherever it needs to go. This amend-ment, being such an important amend-ment, and so long—let’s see, transpor-tation. Wow, not even 15 letters. That is all it does. It simply adds the word ‘‘transportation’’ to the study section of this bill, requiring the Department of Energy, as it studies energy, to study how it gets from here to there. That is it. 
Now, I can go on for another 4 min-
utes or so, but after doing so, it won’t make any difference because we really need to study energy and figure out how it gets to where it needs to go. That is the amendment. Add the word ‘‘transportation’’ in it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition but speak in support of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment adds inclusion of the en-ergy transportation to the list of con-siderations for the energy security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.074 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8932 December 2, 2015 
valuation report. Section 3002 requires 
the Secretary of Energy to establish transparent and uniform procedures and criteria to ensure that energy-re-lated actions that significantly affect the supply, distribution, or use of en-ergy are evaluated with respect to their potential impact on energy secu-rity, including their impact on the con-sumer and the economy and energy supply and diversity. 
I think it is a good amendment. I 
urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
came in prepared for a brawl, and all I get is acceptance of an amendment. I think I will go with that and say thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the extraor-dinary wisdom that apparently we both seem to have. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 3007. ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW FOR EN-
ERGY EXPORT FACILITIES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, including any other provision of this Act and any amendment made by this Act, to the extent that the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) applies to the issuance of a permit for the construction, operation, or maintenance of a facility for the export of bulk commod-ities, no such permit may be denied until each applicable Federal agency has com-pleted all reviews required for the facility under such Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, 
again, I applaud the committee, and particularly the staff, for the hard work they have done in putting to-gether this comprehensive piece of leg-islation on energy. It has been long overdue to have that energy bill, so I am delighted it is here on the floor. 
I rise today in support of an amend-
ment which is cosponsored by my col-league from Montana, Congressman Z
INKE. This amendment will ensure 
that no permit for a coal export facil-ity can be denied until all reviews re-quired under the National Environ-mental Policy Act, known as NEPA, have been completed. The NEPA review process is critical 
to ensure that the communities can provide input on any proposed project, and it allows the developer the oppor-tunity to work with the citizens of a community and the regulatory agency to address any concerns that may arise. Denying a permit request for a coal export facility before the NEPA process is complete would send a prece-dent that indicates that those voices of affected parties don’t matter and di-minish the value of the NEPA process. 
This amendment will ensure that a 
regulatory agency must first take into consideration the merits of the project, voices of the people, their thoughts, concerns, and the findings of the NEPA report before acting on a permit and simply not advancing an anticoal ide-ology. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, time 
after time, Democratic Members have come to the floor to strike bad NEPA language from bills, only to be voted down by Republicans who use stream-lining as a euphemism for letting pol-luters do whatever they want. Now they expect us to believe that they are sincere about keeping NEPA strong in one perverse scenario in which they think it could help them. Well, I don’t think that passes the smell test. What is more, the amendment undermines the treaty rights of the Lummi Nation and jeopardizes the sovereignty of all tribes with rights to natural resources. 
Mr. Chairman, tomorrow we will be 
here on the House floor to vote on the conference report for a highway bill which includes, over the opposition of many Democrats, sweeping exemptions from the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act. I have no doubt that both of the sponsors of this amendment support those exemptions and will vote to pass the bill without a second thought about the fact that it short-circuits NEPA review for many, many infrastructure projects. 
I am shocked to see them standing 
here with straight faces arguing that, when it benefits them and their friends in the coal industry, the NEPA process should be thorough and complete. It is a level of audacity that I think is al-most laughable. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this damaging and disingenuous amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, to clarify, 
this amendment does not violate trea-ty rights, and to suggest it does is dis-
ingenuous and false. 
This is about fairness. It is not about 
two tribes. It is about fairness of a process. It would be unprecedented for the Army Corps of Engineers to bypass the EIS to make a decision, and that is what this amendment does. 
It is not about coal. It is not about 
commodities, nor is it about treaty rights because, quite frankly, the Crow Tribe in Montana has treaty rights, too. This is not to pit one poor nation against a rich nation. It is about sim-ple fairness. 
It would be unprecedented for the 
Army Corps of Engineers or any gov-ernment body to give judgment before the process is complete, and that is what we are asking for. The EIS is the process that needs to be done. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . GENE  
GREEN OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 3007. AUTHORIZATION OF CROSS-BORDER 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the 
United States should establish a more uni-form, transparent, and modern process for the construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of pipelines and electric trans-mission facilities for the import and export of liquid products, including water and pe-troleum, and natural gas and the trans-mission of electricity to and from Canada and Mexico. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROJECTS AT THE NATIONAL BOUNDARY  
OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—No person may con-
struct, connect, operate, or maintain a cross- border segment of a pipeline or electric transmission facility for the import or ex-port of liquid products or natural gas, or the transmission of electricity, to or from Can-ada or Mexico without obtaining a certifi-cate of crossing for such construction, con-nection, operation, or maintenance under this subsection. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATE OF CROSSING .— 
(A) I SSUANCE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after final action is taken under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to a cross- border segment described in paragraph (1), the relevant official identified under sub-paragraph (B), in consultation with appro-priate Federal agencies, shall issue a certifi-cate of crossing for the cross-border segment unless the relevant official finds that the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of the cross-border segment is not in the public interest of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.077 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8933 December 2, 2015 
(ii) N ATURAL GAS .—For the purposes of nat-
ural gas pipelines, a finding with respect to the public interest under section 3(a) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(a)) shall serve as a finding under clause (i) of this sub-paragraph. 
(B) R
ELEVANT OFFICIAL .—The relevant offi-
cial referred to in subparagraph (A) is— 
(i) the Secretary of State with respect to 
liquid pipelines; 
(ii) the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-
mission with respect to natural gas pipe-lines; and 
(iii) the Secretary of Energy with respect 
to electric transmission facilities. 
(C) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR ELECTRIC  
TRANSMISSION FACILITIES .—The Secretary of 
Energy shall require, as a condition of issuing a certificate of crossing for an elec-tric transmission facility, that the cross-bor-der segment be constructed, connected, oper-ated, or maintained consistent with all ap-plicable policies and standards of— 
(i) the Electric Reliability Organization 
and the applicable regional entity; and 
(ii) any Regional Transmission Organiza-
tion or Independent System Operator with operational or functional control over the cross-border segment of the electric trans-mission facility. 
(3) M
ODIFICATIONS TO EXISTING PROJECTS .— 
No certificate of crossing shall be required under this subsection for a change in owner-ship, volume expansion, downstream or up-stream interconnection, or adjustment to maintain flow (such as a reduction or in-crease in the number of pump or compressor stations) with respect to a liquid or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility unless such modification would result in a significant impact at the national boundary. 
(4) E
FFECT OF OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall affect the application of any other Federal statute (including the Natural Gas Act and the Energy Policy and Conservation Act) to a project for which a certificate of crossing is sought under this subsection. 
(c) I
MPORTATION OR EXPORTATION OF NAT-
URAL GAS TO CANADA AND MEXICO .—Section 
3(c) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘In the case of an application for the importation or exportation of natural gas to or from Canada or Mexico, the Commission shall grant the application not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the complete application.’’. 
(d) T
RANSMISSION OF ELECTRIC ENERGY TO  
CANADA AND MEXICO .— 
(1) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT TO SECURE  
ORDER .—Section 202(e) of the Federal Power 
Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(e)) is repealed. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S TATE REGULATIONS .—Section 202(f) of 
the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘insofar as such State regulation does not conflict with the exer-cise of the Commission’s powers under or re-lating to subsection 202(e)’’. 
(B) S
EASONAL DIVERSITY ELECTRICITY EX -
CHANGE .—Section 602(b) of the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 824a–4(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Com-mission has conducted hearings and made the findings required under section 202(e) of the Federal Power Act’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the Secretary has conducted hearings and finds that the proposed transmission facili-ties would not impair the sufficiency of elec-tric supply within the United States or would not impede or tend to impede the co-ordination in the public interest of facilities subject to the jurisdiction of the Secretary’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE; RULEMAKING DEAD-
LINES .— (1) E FFECTIVE DATE .—Subsections (b) 
through (d), and the amendments made by such subsections, shall take effect on Janu-ary 20, 2017. 
(2) R
ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—Each relevant 
official described in subsection (b)(2)(B) shall— 
(A) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register notice of a proposed rulemaking to carry out the applicable requirements of sub-section (b); and 
(B) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register a final rule to carry out the applica-ble requirements of subsection (b). 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘cross-border segment’’ means 
the portion of a liquid or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility that is lo-cated at the national boundary of the United States with either Canada or Mexico; 
(2) the terms ‘‘Electric Reliability Organi-
zation’’ and ‘‘regional entity’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o); 
(3) the terms ‘‘Independent System Oper-
ator’’ and ‘‘Regional Transmission Organiza-tion’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796); 
(4) the term ‘‘liquid’’ includes water, petro-
leum, petroleum product, and any other sub-stance that flows through a pipeline other than natural gas; and 
(5) the term ‘‘natural gas’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 2 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717a). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE GREEN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of an 
amendment that would create regu-latory certainty with our neighbors, Canada and Mexico. 
The Presidential permitting process 
dates back many administrations. Be-ginning in the administration of Ulys-ses S. Grant, the executive branch has taken steps to ensure our cross-border infrastructure between Canada and Mexico was constructed. 
These past administrations and, in-
deed, the current administration have been forced to use executive orders be-cause Congress has failed to act. Con-gress has a duty to regulate the com-merce of the United States, and cross- border energy infrastructure projects fall well within that space. 
We need to create a system with our 
neighbors, Mexico and Canada, to truly create a North American energy mar-ket, and that is what this amendment would do. We can’t build infrastructure in this country or in this continent based on who sits in the White House. 
There are 11 cross-border projects 
awaiting a decision now by the Depart-ment of State and the President, in-cluding electricity wires and water pipelines. 
It is Congress’ responsibility to cre-
ate regulatory rules by which infra-structure is constructed. As a reminder of this, tomorrow we will pass the con-ference report to the FAST Act. The 
FAST Act is a multiyear transpor-tation bill that shows our determina-tion to build infrastructure for the 21st century. Now we must build on that success and focus on our energy infra-structure. 
This amendment would create a regu-
latory process at the Department of State, Department of Energy, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion to permit cross-border infrastruc-ture. This is no different than building roads, bridges, or railways. 
The Department of Transportation 
coordinates with Federal, State, and local agencies to ensure the project is completed and the environment pro-tected. We will do the same thing with pipes and wires. We need to build elec-tric transmission lines and pipelines to move resources from where they are to where they are needed. 
The amendment complies with the 
National Environmental Policy Act and requires a full environmental re-view of any cross-border facility, in-cluding analysis of the climate change impacts. The entire length of the pipe-line or electric transmission line will be reviewed for environmental impacts. 
This amendment is about the future 
and how to meet the 21st century de-mands that our country needs. We should embrace the changes taking place in North America and harmonize our policies with those of our neighbors both to the north and south. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment makes an end run around the National Environmental Policy Act. The amendment would simply eliminate any meaningful review of the environmental impact of large trans- boundary infrastructure projects by re-defining and significantly narrowing the scope of NEPA’s environmental re-view. 
While a traditional NEPA review 
looks at the impacts of an entire project, this amendment restricts NEPA review only to that small por-tion that physically crosses the border, and that defies common sense. We are talking about massive projects that are more than just at border crossing. 
When we approve a trans-boundary 
pipeline or transmission line, we are approving multibillion-dollar infra-structures that may stretch hundreds of miles and will last for decades. They cross through private property, water bodies, farms, sensitive lands, and over aquifers. They carry substances that can catch fire or spill and pollute the environment, and they have profound implications for climate change. 
To understand the potential environ-
mental impact of an energy project, we need to look at the project as a whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.035 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8934 December 2, 2015 
To ignore the potential environmental 
or safety risks for every part of the project except the tiny sliver of land at the national boundary makes no sense. 
Imagine going to the doctor if you 
are feeling sick, and the doctor gives you a clean bill of health after looking only at your elbow. That is what this amendment does by redefining the scope of NEPA’s inquiry to only en-compass the step across the border. It makes the process of environmental re-view essentially meaningless, and no meaningful review means no oppor-tunity to mitigate potential harm to public health, public safety, or the en-vironment. 
Mr. Chairman, NEPA provides policy-
makers with a critical tool to under-stand potential impacts and consider lower impact alternatives. NEPA doesn’t dictate the outcome or, by itself, impose any constraints on projects. 
b1700 
Fundamentally, it requires us to look 
before we leap, and that is just basic common sense. We should not be punching loopholes in this law. 
But the amendment doesn’t just stop 
there. It also creates a rebuttable pre-sumption that every cross-border project is in the public interest, tipping the scale in favor of their approval. And that is a subtle but significant change. Coupled with the small portion of projects being reviewed, the amend-ment makes it virtually impossible to ever prove that a project is not in the public interest. 
Proponents of this amendment argue 
that a new process is necessary for re-viewing and approving cross-border projects, but if Congress is going to es-tablish new permitting rules through legislation, it should do so in a thoughtful and balanced way. Instead, this amendment creates a process that rubber stamps projects and eliminates meaningful environmental review and public participation. 
Frankly, this amendment is just an-
other attempt to bring TransCanada’s Keystone XL pipeline back from the grave. The President has already re-jected their application, and we have wasted enough time on this Canadian pipe dream. 
The Keystone XL pipeline is a lose- 
lose proposition for energy security, a lose-lose for safe climate and a healthy environment. And we shouldn’t be try-ing to create a weaker approval process to provide a new pathway for its ap-proval. 
Adoption of this amendment will un-
doubtedly benefit TransCanada and other multinational oil companies but will not help the American people that we are here to represent. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, how much time is remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, my good friend from New Jersey is actually incorrect. This amendment passed the House last ses-sion and didn’t pass in the Senate. But it does have the NEPA process throughout, whether it is a pipeline or transmission line, from literally not just the border but also to the destina-tion. 
And it is not just Keystone. We have 
natural gas pipelines being built from Texas to Mexico. Twenty years from 
now, we will need those pipelines re-versed to bring natural gas from Mex-ico to my chemical industries. That is what this amendment is about. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), 
the chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, the 
Green amendment is very similar to the bill that I introduced last Congress and, as we know, did pass the House with some bipartisan support. 
This amendment establishes a 
straightforward and predictable proce-dure to permit cross-border pipelines and electric transmission facilities. 
It is not Keystone. We are over that 
battle. It is time to move beyond that. But we want certainty in these things. 
This is an important amendment. In 
order for the U.S. to fully benefit from our energy abundance, we have to en-courage rather than obstruct trade with our good neighbors, particularly the Canadians, as well as the Mexi-cans—an energy policy that works. 
Let’s do this. The amendment is a 
good one. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I just want to encourage Members to support the amendment. We need to bring our country and our trading partners on the north and south border together on energy issues. I encourage an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-
stands that amendment No. 15 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 133, after line 19, insert the following 
new section (and redesignate the subsequent sections accordingly): SEC. 4114. BATTERY STORAGE REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to Congress a report on the potential of battery energy storage that an-swers the following questions: 
(1) How do existing Federal standards im-
pact the development and deployment of bat-tery storage systems? 
(2) What are the benefits of using existing 
battery storage technology, and what chal-lenges exist to their widespread use? What are some examples of existing battery stor-age projects providing these benefits? 
(3) What potential impact could large-scale 
battery storage and behind-the-meter bat-tery storage have on renewable energy utili-zation? 
(4) What is the potential of battery tech-
nology for grid-scale use nationwide? What is the potential impact of battery technology on the national grid capabilities? 
(5) How much economic activity associated 
with large-scale and behind-the-meter bat-tery storage technology is located in the United States? How many jobs do these in-dustries account for? 
(6) What policies other than the Renewable 
Energy Investment Tax Credit have research and available data shown to promote renew-able energy use and storage technology de-ployment by State and local governments or private end-users? 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of this bipartisan amendment which brings us one step closer to realizing the enormous poten-tial of battery energy storage. 
This technology is capable of trans-
forming our energy landscape by stor-ing power in times of excess production and releasing power in times of excess demand. It can make our grid more re-liable and secure. It can save con-sumers money by replacing costly gas- powered peaker stations. 
And, perhaps most importantly, it is 
compatible with any source of energy. Its compatibility with multiple power sources means we aren’t picking win-ners and losers. Rather, we are increas-ing our capacity to use all sources of energy. 
Battery energy storage is particu-
larly promising in its ability to unlock the power of renewables, leading to a cleaner, more sustainable energy port-folio. 
Even as the cost of renewable energy 
sources drops closer to that of fossil fuels, the viability of wind and solar power is limited by inconsistency. Put simply, the wind doesn’t always blow and the sun doesn’t always shine. Bat-tery energy storage offers a solution to this challenge. 
This week at the climate summit in 
Paris, we have heard about the impor-tance of innovation in reaching our en-vironmental goals. Battery storage is exactly the type of revolutionary tech-nology that will help get us there, cre-ating new jobs and economic growth in the process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.081 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8935 December 2, 2015 
A GAO report on large-scale battery 
storage will help us make informed de-cisions about accelerating its growth while signaling our commitment to supporting the next chapter in Amer-ica’s energy infrastructure. 
I am thankful to be joined by Mr. 
C
OLLINS of New York as well as my 
good friend Mr. H ONDA of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. Although am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I support 
the amendment. 
I would note Mr. C
OLLINS is a mem-
ber of our committee. He is a cosponsor of the amendment. 
It is a good amendment. It needs to 
be included as part of this. I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. TAKANO. I thank the chairman 
for supporting this bipartisan amend-ment. I am honored to have that sup-port. I encourage its adoption. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike page 147, line 9, through page 149, 
line 6. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chair, my amendment preserves 
section 433. 
H.R. 8, the North American Energy 
Security and Infrastructure Act, delib-erately removes the energy usage goals for Federal buildings. 
In 2007, under the Energy Independ-
ence and Security Act, our last energy infrastructure overhaul bill, a provi-sion was included that set a goal for new Federal buildings to have net-zero energy usage by 2030. This naturally also meant the Federal Government would have a corresponding goal of re-ducing fossil-fuel-generated electricity consumption in its buildings. 
This provision was forward-thinking. 
The Federal Government will lead by example in the transition to less-pol-luting buildings and show what the 
next generation of infrastructure should look like. 
Now is not the time to roll back this 
goal and abandon our leadership. When people mention how H.R. 8 would take us back to a 19th century economy, this is one clear example they can point to. 
Commercial and residential buildings 
account for 39 percent of the Nation’s carbon emissions. To ignore this source of pollution at a time when we are try-ing to keep temperatures from rising less than 2 degrees centigrade isn’t just negligent, it ignores our responsibility to be a good steward of the Earth and leave it in good condition for genera-tions to come. 
With the Federal Government as the 
largest consumer of energy in the U.S., we must be the leader. This effort is under attack because of outdated feasi-bility concerns—concerns which have already been addressed. Last year, the Department of Energy proposed a rule that charts a path forward to reach the 2030 goal that is both technically pos-sible and plausible. 
I also want to address some myths 
about section 433. Some have charac-terized it as ‘‘a ban on the Federal Gov-ernment using energy from fossil fuel,’’ but the law does no such thing. In fact, at no point does this provision in the current law require zero fossil fuel use for any building designed or renovated before 2030. 
And despite objections from my 
friends at the American Gas Associa-tion, the Department of Energy actu-ally proposed carve-outs for onsite nat-ural gas usage in highly efficient com-bined heat and power systems. Natural gas may actually be an important part of the solution of getting to net-zero energy usage. 
Requiring Federal buildings to meet 
aggressive energy targets not only re-duces taxpayer costs through energy savings, it also reduces our dependence on foreign oil and leverages the govern-ment’s large purchasing power to bring new technologies and materials to the marketplace. If we eliminate section 433, it could cost American consumers $700 million in savings over the next 25 years. 
According to the American Institute 
of Architects, not only are the current targets achievable, but some buildings are already meeting the 2030 goals right now. The EU has adopted a simi-lar goal but with a shorter time hori-zon. 
Mr. Chair, during my 4 years in Swit-
zerland, we cut the carbon footprint of the U.S. Embassy in half and reduced the carbon footprint of our home to zero. 
In 2013, Walgreens opened a net-zero 
energy retail space in Evanston, Illi-nois. In 2015, a True Value hardware store was the first net-zero retail store in New York State. 
Within the Federal Government, our 
military has also taken a lead on this important effort and used the goal as a means to reduce costs and increase en-
ergy security. From 2007 to 2013, the Federal Government reduced its annual energy usage by 7 percent while we continue to grow. 
We must continue to encourage these 
energy reduction efforts. We learned a long time ago in business that if we don’t have a goal we never get there. We have to have a target that we can all work to meet. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment to reinstate the energy usage goals for Federal buildings. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Kentucky is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, with 
all due regard to the gentleman who is offering this amendment, I rise to op-pose the amendment, which would rein-state the provisions of section 433 which prohibit the use of fossil fuels in new and modified Federal buildings after the year 2030. 
Now, it is true that the Department 
of Energy is trying to thread a needle through regulations that might allow fossil fuels to be used in new and modi-fied Federal buildings after 2030. But we know the reality is that every envi-ronmental group in the country will file a lawsuit against that regulation when it comes out if it is interpreted in any way that fossil fuels might be used. 
I am really shocked that people 
would be opposed to our wanting to use fossil fuels after the year 2030. We are not mandating that they be used, but everyone that comes to this floor, and particularly President Obama when he goes anywhere, talk about an all-of- the-above energy policy, and yet the 2007 Energy Policy Act prohibits fossil fuel use in new and modified Federal buildings after the year 2030. 
Our base bill does not mandate the 
use. It simply says, basically, that the government will be able to do it if it is necessary. So why should the Federal Government not allow the opportunity to use any fossil fuel after 2030? 
We already have a Federal debt ap-
proaching $20 trillion. Natural gas prices are pretty low right now, but let’s say they go up. Let’s say that re-newables go up, that for some reason maybe using coal is more economical, and using a ultra-supercritical facility. 
We know that the President does not 
want to build any new coal-powered plants because regulations now pro-hibit that. We think it is important that we have an all-of-the-above energy policy. Our base bill allows that even in government buildings. 
And so, for that reason, I would re-
spectfully oppose the gentleman’s amendment and ask that Members vote against the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.084 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8936 December 2, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of chapter 1 of subtitle A of 
title IV, add the following: 
SEC. llll . REPORT ON ENERGY SAVINGS AND 
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS RE-DUCTION FROM CONVERSION OF CAPTURED METHANE TO ENERGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Energy, in consultation with appro-priate Federal agencies and relevant stake-holders, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the impact of captured methane converted for energy and power generation on Federal lands, Federal buildings, and relevant mu-nicipalities that use such generation, and the return on investment and reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of utilizing such power generation. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— 
(1) a summary of energy performance and 
savings resulting from the utilization of such power generation, including short-term and long-term (20 years) projections of such sav-ings; and 
(2) an analysis of the reduction in green-
house emissions resulting from the utiliza-tion of such power generation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment to the North American Se-curity and Infrastructure Act requires the Secretary of Energy to submit a re-port to Congress on the impact of cap-tured methane converted for energy and power generation on Federal lands, buildings, and relevant municipalities. 
b1715 
The report would include a summary 
of energy performance and savings from using this power generation source and an analysis of the reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. 
In my district in San Diego, we are 
putting innovative solutions to work to reduce methane emissions and cre-ate energy at the same time. At the Point Loma Wastewater Treatment Plant, methane is collected and fuels two continuously running generators. 
Using the methane produced onsite, the wastewater treatment plant has not only become energy self-sufficient, but is also able to sell excess power that it generates to the local energy grid, enhancing grid reliability and en-ergy efficiency. 
Another positive example of con-
verting captured methane to energy is at landfills. In the United States, we have over 1,900 landfills, and they are 
the third largest source of methane emissions in the United States. This pollution threatens air quality and the public health of communities located close to the landfills themselves. 
In San Diego, the Miramar Landfill 
spans over 1,500 acres and has been op-erating since 1959. Some years ago, the city, the Navy, and the private sector worked together and installed a meth-ane-capture and energy conversion plant to supply the neighboring Marine Corps Air Station Miramar with 13.4 megawatts of energy. This plant sup-plies half of the base’s energy, allowing it to operate as a 911 base in case of an emergency or power outage. The tech-nology also reduced the emission of pollutants from the Miramar Landfill by 75 percent. 
My amendment will simply assess 
how capturing methane and using it to generate energy reduces emissions, puts America on the path to a lower carbon, renewable energy future, and shares best practices among facilities that might be able to participate. So I ask my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Again, I support the 
amendment. We have no objection to the amendment. I think that it is worthwhile, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Again, I thank the 
chairman very much for his hard work and for his willingness to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . 
SCHAKOWSKY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 4125. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Illinois. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, 
my amendment would preserve an ex-isting consumer right that has been on the books for many years, but section 4125 of this legislation would prevent consumers from pursuing breach of warranty claims against product man-ufacturers that inaccurately claim En-ergy Star compliance. As I said, in doing so, it would eliminate an existing consumer right. 
While I see no justification for this 
change, I see the motive. The Associa-tion of Home Appliance Manufacturers, which represents 95 percent of U.S. home appliances and has endorsed this provision, wants to avoid liability. 
Consumers pay a premium for Energy 
Star products. But they don’t pay extra because they have a sense of charity; they do it because they have been promised the Energy Star appliances will enable reduced energy usage and lower operation costs. In fact, Energy Star products promise a 10 to 25 per-cent energy efficiency improvement as compared to Federal minimum stand-ards. So when a manufacturer falsely claims to be Energy Star compliant, consumers are left with a more expen-sive product without any of the prom-ised benefits. It amounts, really, to fraud. 
In the past, manufacturers—includ-
ing AHAM, the association, members 
Samsung, LG, and Whirlpool—have falsely claimed that their products meet Energy Star specifications. Con-sumers have mobilized to be com-pensated for those false claims, and they deserve that right. My amend-ment would enable them to retain it. 
AHAM claims that my amendment 
would ‘‘discourage robust participa-tion’’ in the Energy Star program. And frankly, I don’t see that as a problem. If manufacturers can’t stand by their claims of Energy Star compliance, then they shouldn’t participate in the program. 
Those manufacturers that continue 
to make Energy Star products will reap the rewards, including higher con-sumer demand and bigger profits, and that is a win for consumers, honest manufacturers, and the Energy Star program. 
So I ask my colleagues, please, to 
support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in opposition to the amendment to strike section 4125 of the bill, which is language that Representative W
ELCH  
and I have coauthored over the past two Congresses with bipartisan sup-port. It was developed with a cross sec-tion of interests, including efficiency and consumer advocates, manufactur-ers, and the EPA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.087 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8937 December 2, 2015 
By rejecting this amendment and 
keeping our language, we have an op-portunity to encourage manufacturers to continue participation in the Energy Star program. 
Energy Star is a highly successful, 
voluntary program. Consumers, manu-facturers, and the government all win under Energy Star. The program was designed to be low-cost and low-com-pliance to incentivize participation by manufacturers, and the language in-cluded in this bill is needed to continue to incentivize participation. 
For a product to be branded with the 
Energy Star logo, it must meet certain energy-saving guidelines. Manufactur-ers who choose to participate in this voluntary program make the necessary investments needed to increase the en-ergy efficiency of their products. 
In order to ensure their products 
maintain the required levels of effi-ciency, the Department of Energy per-forms off-the-shelf testing. If a product fails to meet the standard, that prod-uct is disqualified and then publicly listed on the Energy Star Web site. Im-mediately following a product’s dis-qualification listing, the manufacturer and the EPA will then work to resolve the cause for disqualification. 
It is important to note that our lan-
guage does not prevent lawsuits from being filed; it just requires that a suit be filed before a product is disqualified from Energy Star. 
If a product has been disqualified 
from the program by EPA, the EPA is best positioned to determine consumer impact and if such impact requires any action on the part of the manufacturer. 
The EPA process is swift compared to 
legal proceedings, which could take years. If the focus is really on con-sumer reimbursement, shouldn’t those fighting for consumer rights prefer the EPA disqualification process over class action litigation? 
In the EPA disqualification process, 
the entire reimbursement goes to the consumer, versus a legal proceeding, where legal fees can consume large amounts of the award. 
Energy Star has promoted economic 
expansion and job growth for partici-pating manufacturers across the Na-tion. In defeating this amendment, we have an opportunity to continue to en-courage participation by manufactur-ers instead of discouraging participa-tion. 
This section has the support of the 
National Association of Manufacturers, the Alliance to Save Energy, the Amer-ican Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy, and the Chamber of Com-merce. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask to reject 
the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire how much time I have remaining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Illinois has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, 
all this would be fine if it weren’t the case that we have members of the As-
sociation of Home Appliance Manufac-turers that actually have falsely claimed that their products meet En-ergy Star specifications. And nothing in the remedy actually says that the consumer will have the right to re-claim their money that they spent on the washer or the dryer or the appli-ance that was bought because they thought that they would both save en-ergy and, over time, that they would save money as well. 
As I said earlier, this rule, this law, 
has been in place for many years. It does not interfere with the fact that this is a voluntary program, that the companies decide if they want to par-ticipate in Energy Star to be an En-ergy Star product, but it does say they have to keep their promise. And they have to keep their promise not just to the EPA or to some regulatory frame-work; they have to keep their promise to the individual consumer who has ac-tually laid out the bucks to buy that product. 
This provides an opportunity for that 
consumer to be able to reclaim a prod-uct if it is found not to meet the En-ergy Star promise that they made of 10 to 25 percent energy efficiency im-provements. 
So it seems to me, why would this 
body go about the business of taking away a consumer right? I thought we were supposed to be in the business of trying to figure out how we are going to adequately protect consumers not in the generic sense, but in the individual sense. That is the kind of protection that we have had, and that is the kind of protection I believe that we should maintain; and this section, put in at the behest of the industry, makes no sense. I think it weights toward the manufacturers and away from the con-sumers something that we all want to achieve, which is more energy effi-ciency. 
Mr. Chairman, I am very dis-
appointed, as someone who has been a consumer advocate for a very long time in many ways, especially in terms of truth in products, truth in labeling, that we ought to be able to rely on that Energy Star label to know that it is going to give us the energy efficiency that we paid for and that, if it doesn’t, we do have a remedy. Those remedies tend to make the manufacturers even more honest. I hope we will get some support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, again, I 
would urge defeat of the amendment because we want to make sure that manufacturers are still encouraged to participate in the Energy Star pro-gram, which has been highly success-ful. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MRS . BROOKS  
OF INDIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of chapter 2 of subtitle A of 
title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 4128. ENERGY SAVINGS FROM LUBRICATING 
OIL. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of En-ergy, in cooperation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Director of Management and Budget, shall— 
(1) review and update the report prepared 
pursuant to section 1838 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; 
(2) after consultation with relevant Fed-
eral, State, and local agencies and affected industry and stakeholder groups, update data that was used in preparing that report; and 
(3) prepare and submit to Congress a co-
ordinated Federal strategy to increase the beneficial reuse of used lubricating oil, that— 
(A) is consistent with national policy as es-
tablished pursuant to section 2 of the Used Oil Recycling Act of 1980 (Public Law 96-463); and 
(B) addresses measures needed to— (i) increase the responsible collection of 
used oil; 
(ii) disseminate public information con-
cerning sustainable reuse options for used oil; and 
(iii) promote sustainable reuse of used oil 
by Federal agencies, recipients of Federal grant funds, entities contracting with the Federal Government, and the general public. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Indiana. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, my amendment is very simple and straightforward. It calls on the De-partment of Energy, working together with the Environmental Protection Agency and the Office of Management and Budget, to take another look at what is now 20-year-old data about how used oil is managed in the United States and to develop comprehensive strategies to increase recycling used oil as part of a national strategy to save energy and reduce pollution. 
Right now, there are options for dis-
posal of motor oil commonly used in trucks and cars. The worst option is for that oil to be simply discarded, leading to contaminants polluting our air and water. If properly collected, the oil can be burned once for use as low-cost fuel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.091 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8938 December 2, 2015 
However, the best option uses mod-
ern technology which now exists to col-lect and sustainably recycle used oil. These refining techniques can now produce a product that is the quality equivalent to fresh virgin base oils. So this option also maximizes the benefits by conserving most of the energy need-ed to make oil while cutting emissions of carbon and other harmful pollut-ants. 
Re-refining can turn what used to be 
a waste product into an infinitely re-newable resource. And not only does this re-refined oil meet government and industry specifications, but it is also cost-competitive, reduces waste, and reduces emissions. 
Earlier studies done by DOE as well 
as our national labs show that used motor oil is a valuable and reusable en-ergy resource. 
As the motor sports capital of the 
world—Indianapolis, that is—it is no surprise that Indiana has traditionally been a leader in recycling and re-refin-ing oil. We have two major used oil re-fineries in Indiana employing almost 1,000 people, and our State has a proud tradition of utilizing this product and promoting its technology. 
b1730 
Re-refined oil is already being ac-
tively used by DOD and other Federal agencies, public and commercial fleets, and average consumers with great suc-cess. However, far too little of our used oil is recycled in this way. So my amendment is intended to increase conservation and sustainable reuse. 
The last major Federal study was 
called for in the Energy Policy Act of 2005. That study was issued in 2006, but relied on data that was then 10 years old. Now that data is 20 years old. 
My amendment will require the DOE 
to update that data so that we know how much oil is available and how much is actually being reused and re- refined. Data from 20 years ago showed that the United States was well behind other developed and even some devel-oping countries in terms of sustainable reuse. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment will 
also provide for the development of policies that can significantly increase both the collection rate and sustain-able reuse of this valuable resource 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ). 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment calls on the Department of Energy to review and update the data use for a 9-year-old Federal study on oil recycling. It is a good amendment. It promotes recycling of used lubri-cating oil to save energy, minimize dis-posal into landfills, and improves pub-lic information concerning sustainable reuse options. 
It is a good amendment. I would like 
to see it adopted. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I urge adoption of the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . UPTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, as the 
designee of the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ), I offer 
amendment No. 21. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as 
follows: 
At the end of chapter 2 of subtitle A of 
title IV, add the following: 
SEC. llll . DEFINITION OF EXTERNAL POWER 
SUPPLY. 
Section 321(36)(A) of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291(36)(A)) is amended— 
(1) by striking the subparagraph designa-
tion and all that follows through ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) E
XTERNAL POWER SUPPLY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘external power 
supply’ does not include a power supply cir-cuit, driver, or device that is designed exclu-sively to be connected to, and power— 
‘‘(I) light-emitting diodes providing illu-
mination; or 
‘‘(II) organic light-emitting diodes pro-
viding illumination.’’. 
SEC. llll . STANDARDS FOR POWER SUPPLY 
CIRCUITS CONNECTED TO LEDS OR OLEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 325(u) of the En-
ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(u)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) P
OWER SUPPLY CIRCUITS CONNECTED TO  
LEDS OR OLEDS .—Notwithstanding the exclu-
sion described in section 321(36)(A)(ii), the Secretary may prescribe, in accordance with subsections (o) and (p) and section 322(b), an energy conservation standard for a power supply circuit, driver, or device that is de-signed primarily to be connected to, and power, light-emitting diodes or organic light-emitting diodes providing illumina-tion.’’. 
(b) E
NERGY CONSERVATION STANDARDS .— 
Section 346 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6317) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) E
NERGY CONSERVATION STANDARD FOR  
POWER SUPPLY CIRCUITS CONNECTED TO LEDS 
OROLEDS.—Not earlier than 1 year after ap-
plicable testing requirements are prescribed under section 343, the Secretary may pre-scribe an energy conservation standard for a power supply circuit, driver, or device that is designed primarily to be connected to, and power, light-emitting diodes or organic light-emitting diodes providing illumina-tion.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I won’t 
take the full 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I offer this in lieu of 
Mrs. E
LLMERS . It is a simple, technical fix to DOE’s external power supply 
rule. I am not aware of any opposition. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipar-tisan and commonsense amendment that would provide certainty to manufacturers and resolve this DOE rule. 
I would also like to thank my colleagues 
D
EGETTE, POMPEO and D ENTfor working with 
me on this issue. 
This problem stems from an overly broad in-
terpretation of a provision within the Energy Policy Act of 2005 in which Congress directed DOE to set energy efficiency standards for Ex-ternal Power Supplies. 
DOE is now attempting to regulate a prod-
uct that was not in the marketplace at the time Congress directed the department to set Ex-ternal Power Supple Standards. 
Because of DOE’s interpretation, other prod-
ucts—such as LED Drivers not intended for regulation—are now a facing regulation under the EPS rule. 
This problem is, sadly, just another example 
of DOE expanding the scope of their rulemakings and capturing products that were not intended by Congress. 
Thankfully, my amendment resolves the 
problem for this technology and prevents it from being included in other broad rulemakings. 
The lighting industry is already strenuously 
regulated for energy efficiency, accounting for 20 percent of DOE’s total efficiency regula-tions. 
Regulations like this have had a negative 
impact of 750 million dollars to U.S. lighting manufacturers. 
This regulation will only stifle innovation, ulti-
mately leading to less energy efficient prod-ucts and higher energy prices for consumers. 
Manufacturers cannot operate in an uncer-
tain marketplace and without Congressional action, this rule will unintentionally threaten thousands of jobs. 
In North Carolina alone this industry pro-
vides over 3,000 jobs. 
I urge my colleagues to join this bipartisan 
effort. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
In chapter 2 of subtitle A of title IV, add at 
the end the following new section: 
SEC. 4128. WEATHERIZATION ASSISTANCE AND 
STATE ENERGY PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF WEATHERIZATION  
ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 422 of the 
Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6872) is amended by striking ‘‘appro-priated—’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘appro-priated $450,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.093 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8939 December 2, 2015 
(b) R EAUTHORIZATION OF STATE ENERGY  
PROGRAMS .—Section 365(f) of the Energy Pol-
icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6325(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘$125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘$75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment reauthorizes two existing programs, the Weatherization Assist-ance Program and the State Energy Program. 
Both of these programs have been op-
erating successfully for many years. The Federal dollars delivered through these programs leverage additional funding from our States and the pri-vate sector. These programs address real problems. They are effective, and they create and sustain jobs. 
As we heard during debate yesterday, 
H.R. 8 does very little to advance en-ergy efficiency, an issue that has en-joyed strong, bipartisan support in the past. In fact, some provisions are more likely to be a setback to efficiency standards. While this bill contains plenty of benefits for energy suppliers, there is very little in there designed to address the needs of average Ameri-cans. 
The Weatherization Assistance Pro-
gram supports State-based programs to improve the energy efficiency of the homes of low-income families. The De-partment of Energy provides grants to the States, United States territories, and tribal governments to deliver these services through local weatherization agencies. The weatherization measures used include air sealing, wall and attic insulation, duct sealing, and furnace repair and replacement. 
Mr. Chairman, the benefits of weath-
erization are well known and result in a reduced energy bill for many years into the future. Insulating our walls and our roofs, for example, can provide savings for the lifetime of a house. Other measures, such as making heat-ing or cooling equipment more effi-cient, can provide savings for more than a decade. 
Since 1976, the Weatherization As-
sistance Program has helped improve the lives of more than 7 million fami-lies by reducing their electricity bills. The program provides energy efficiency services to thousands of homes every year, reducing average costs by more than $400 per household in annual util-ity bills. 
Investments in energy efficiency pay 
for themselves over time, but the up- front costs can be significant, and when a family’s budget is severely lim-ited, those costs are simply too high. 
The Weatherization Assistance Pro-
gram helps those in our communities who do not have the financial resources to make energy efficiency investments on their own. That includes our elder-ly, our disabled, and our low-income 
families. 
These vulnerable households are 
often on fixed incomes and are the most susceptible to volatile changes in electricity prices. They are particu-larly vulnerable to spikes in electricity bills during heat waves or cold weather due to poor insulation or inefficient ap-pliances. 
A sudden increase in expenses is dif-
ficult to manage for many of our fami-lies. Low-income families already 
spend a disproportionate amount of their income on energy costs. 
Mr. Chairman, the State Energy Pro-
gram provides funding to the States to support the work of their energy of-fices. It ensures that each State will have basic funding available to support its programs. 
These offices play a role in helping 
States define the least costly ways to meet State goals for energy efficiency, for air quality, for fuel diversity, and for energy security. 
According to a study by the Oak 
Ridge National Laboratory, the State Energy Program often leverages, for every 1 Federal dollar, $10.71 in State and private funds. That is a great re-turn on investment. 
Congress reauthorized these pro-
grams back in 2007 for a 5-year period at about $1 billion per year for Weath-erization and $125 million per year for the State Energy Program. 
My amendment authorizes the 
Weatherization Assistance Program for another 5 years, but at lower levels— $450 million per year—and the State Energy Program is authorized for 5 years at $75 million per year. 
These are robust authorization levels 
for certain. While I believe these pro-grams should be appropriated even more funding, this amendment author-izes them at lower levels to be more in tune with today’s fiscal constraints. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to 
support my amendment and to help to extend the benefits of energy efficiency to our families so that more families can be supported by local jobs, busi-nesses, and certainly contractors that do this extremely important work. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I do so to 
oppose the amendment because, as we all know, this amendment reauthorizes the Federal Weatherization Assistance Program at $2.2 billion through 2020 and the State Energy Program at $375 million through 2020. 
But our feeling is that it is not need-
ed because the Department of Energy’s Weatherization Assistance Program is already extremely well funded. 
I support weatherization, as I think 
most of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle do, but Congress has been funding the program at or near the De-partment’s requested levels. So this is, in essence, billions above 
in new spending on an existing pro-gram that the Department of Energy has not requested. 
I would note that the 2009 stimulus 
bill included an extra $5 billion to the Department of Energy for weatheriza-tion, roughly 17 times what was origi-nally appropriated for that year. 
Furthermore, using experiments con-
sidered the gold standard for evidence, researchers from UC Berkeley, MIT, and the University of Chicago recently released a report on a first-of-its-kind field test of the Federal Weatherization Assistance Program. 
The study found that the costs of en-
ergy efficiency investments were about double the actual savings, that model- projected savings are 2
1⁄2times the ac-
tual savings, and that, even when ac-counting for the broader societal bene-fits of energy efficiency investments, the costs will substantially outweigh the benefits. The average rate of return is a minus 9
1⁄2percent annually. 
So, Mr. Chairman, the overall legis-
lation today that is before us is ex-tremely specific in authorizing budget- neutral spending for energy security ef-forts only. Authorizing additional money—beyond requested amounts—as this Weatherization amendment does, does not have the offset. 
Therefore, I would ask my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, certainly the numbers 
here speak to the most vulnerable in our society. There are waiting lists that I know exist in States. There are more things we can do for energy effi-ciency’s sake for our most stressed family budgets. 
This is a situation where energy 
costs, as a wedge of the pie for our poor families for their household budgets, is far greater a slice than it is for the av-erage residents of this country. This is a hardhearted approach taken to our elderly, to our low-income families, and to the disabled. 
Also, Mr. Chairman, I would suggest 
that our goal here should be to be as resourceful as possible with our energy mix across this country. Anytime we can reduce consumption we are doing a big thing for all ratepayers. The state-ments show a missing of the focus that is needed. 
Finally, to the study, it was a one- 
State, one-utility study. It was not peer reviewed. It was flawed. It did not really suggest to show the real issues out there for this program. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.042 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8940 December 2, 2015 
the gentleman from New York will be 
postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
In subtitle A of title IV, add at the end the 
following new chapter: 
CHAPTER 8—LOCAL ENERGY SUPPLY AND 
RESILIENCY 
SEC. 4181. DEFINITIONS. 
In this chapter: (1) C
OMBINED HEAT AND POWER SYSTEM .— 
The term ‘‘combined heat and power sys-tem’’ means generation of electric energy and heat in a single, integrated system that meets the efficiency criteria in clauses (ii) and (iii) of section 48(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, under which heat that is conventionally rejected is recovered and used to meet thermal energy requirements. 
(2) D
EMAND RESPONSE .—The term ‘‘demand 
response’’ means changes in electric usage by electric utility customers from the nor-mal consumption patterns of the customers in response to— 
(A) changes in the price of electricity over 
time; or 
(B) incentive payments designed to induce 
lower electricity use at times of high whole-sale market prices or when system reli-ability is jeopardized. 
(3) D
ISTRIBUTED ENERGY .—The term ‘‘dis-
tributed energy’’ means energy sources and systems that— 
(A) produce electric or thermal energy 
close to the point of use using renewable en-ergy resources or waste thermal energy; 
(B) generate electricity using a combined 
heat and power system; 
(C) distribute electricity in microgrids; (D) store electric or thermal energy; or (E) distribute thermal energy or transfer 
thermal energy to building heating and cool-ing systems through a district energy sys-tem. 
(4) D
ISTRICT ENERGY SYSTEM .—The term 
‘‘district energy system’’ means a system that provides thermal energy to buildings and other energy consumers from 1 or more plants to individual buildings to provide space heating, air conditioning, domestic hot water, industrial process energy, and other end uses. 
(5) I
SLANDING .—The term ‘‘islanding’’ 
means a distributed generator or energy storage device continuing to power a loca-tion in the absence of electric power from the primary source. 
(6) L
OAN.—The term ‘‘loan’’ has the mean-
ing given the term ‘‘direct loan’’ in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a). 
(7) M
ICROGRID .—The term ‘‘microgrid’’ 
means an integrated energy system con-sisting of interconnected loads and distrib-uted energy resources, including generators and energy storage devices, within clearly defined electrical boundaries that— 
(A) acts as a single controllable entity 
with respect to the grid; and 
(B) can connect and disconnect from the 
grid to operate in both grid-connected mode and island mode. 
(8) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY SOURCE .—The term 
‘‘renewable energy source’’ includes— 
(A) biomass; (B) geothermal energy; (C) hydropower; 
(D) landfill gas; (E) municipal solid waste; (F) ocean (including tidal, wave, current, 
and thermal) energy; 
(G) organic waste; (H) photosynthetic processes; (I) photovoltaic energy; (J) solar energy; and (K) wind. (9) R
ENEWABLE THERMAL ENERGY .—The 
term ‘‘renewable thermal energy’’ means heating or cooling energy derived from a re-newable energy resource. 
(10) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
(11) T HERMAL ENERGY .—The term ‘‘thermal 
energy’’ means— 
(A) heating energy in the form of hot water 
or steam that is used to provide space heat-ing, domestic hot water, or process heat; or 
(B) cooling energy in the form of chilled 
water, ice, or other media that is used to provide air conditioning, or process cooling. 
(12) W
ASTE THERMAL ENERGY .—The term 
‘‘waste thermal energy’’ means energy that— 
(A) is contained in— (i) exhaust gases, exhaust steam, condenser 
water, jacket cooling heat, or lubricating oil in power generation systems; 
(ii) exhaust heat, hot liquids, or flared gas 
from any industrial process; 
(iii) waste gas or industrial tail gas that 
would otherwise be flared, incinerated, or vented; 
(iv) a pressure drop in any gas, excluding 
any pressure drop to a condenser that subse-quently vents the resulting heat; 
(v) condenser water from chilled water or 
refrigeration plants; or 
(vi) any other form of waste energy, as de-
termined by the Secretary; and 
(B)(i) in the case of an existing facility, is 
not being used; or 
(ii) in the case of a new facility, is not con-
ventionally used in comparable systems. 
SEC. 4182. DISTRIBUTED ENERGY LOAN PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) L OANPROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the provisions 
of this subsection and subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary shall establish a program to provide to eligible entities— 
(A) loans for the deployment of distributed 
energy systems in a specific project; and 
(B) loans to provide funding for programs 
to finance the deployment of multiple dis-tributed energy systems through a revolving loan fund, credit enhancement program, or other financial assistance program. 
(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—Entities eligible to re-
ceive a loan under paragraph (1) include— 
(A) a State, territory, or possession of the 
United States; 
(B) a State energy office; (C) a tribal organization (as defined in sec-
tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)); 
(D) an institution of higher education (as 
defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)); and 
(E) an electric utility, including— (i) a rural electric cooperative; (ii) a municipally owned electric utility; 
and 
(iii) an investor-owned utility. (3) S
ELECTION REQUIREMENTS .—In selecting 
eligible entities to receive loans under this section, the Secretary shall, to the max-imum extent practicable, ensure— 
(A) regional diversity among eligible enti-
ties to receive loans under this section, in-cluding participation by rural States and small States; and 
(B) that specific projects selected for 
loans— (i) expand on the existing technology de-
ployment program of the Department of En-ergy; and 
(ii) are designed to achieve 1 or more of the 
objectives described in paragraph (4). 
(4) O
BJECTIVES .—Each deployment selected 
for a loan under paragraph (1) shall include 1 or more of the following objectives: 
(A) Improved security and resiliency of en-
ergy supply in the event of disruptions caused by extreme weather events, grid equipment or software failure, or terrorist acts. 
(B) Implementation of distributed energy 
in order to increase use of local renewable energy resources and waste thermal energy sources. 
(C) Enhanced feasibility of microgrids, de-
mand response, or islanding; 
(D) Enhanced management of peak loads 
for consumers and the grid. 
(E) Enhanced reliability in rural areas, in-
cluding high energy cost rural areas. 
(5) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Any eli-
gible entity that receives a loan under para-graph (1) may only use the loan to fund pro-grams relating to the deployment of distrib-uted energy systems. 
(b) L
OANTERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
(1) T ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, in pro-viding a loan under this section, the Sec-retary shall provide the loan on such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines, after consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, in accordance with this section. 
(2) S
PECIFIC APPROPRIATION .—No loan shall 
be made unless an appropriation for the full amount of the loan has been specifically pro-vided for that purpose. 
(3) R
EPAYMENT .—No loan shall be made un-
less the Secretary determines that there is reasonable prospect of repayment of the principal and interest by the borrower of the loan. 
(4) I
NTEREST RATE .—A loan provided under 
this section shall bear interest at a fixed rate that is equal or approximately equal, in the determination of the Secretary, to the interest rate for Treasury securities of com-parable maturity. 
(5) T
ERM.—The term of the loan shall re-
quire full repayment over a period not to ex-ceed the lesser of— 
(A) 20 years; or (B) 90 percent of the projected useful life of 
the physical asset to be financed by the loan (as determined by the Secretary). 
(6) U
SE OF PAYMENTS .—Payments of prin-
cipal and interest on the loan shall— 
(A) be retained by the Secretary to support 
energy research and development activities; and 
(B) remain available until expended, sub-
ject to such conditions as are contained in annual appropriations Acts. 
(7) N
O PENALTY ON EARLY REPAYMENT .—The 
Secretary may not assess any penalty for early repayment of a loan provided under this section. 
(8) R
ETURN OF UNUSED PORTION .—In order 
to receive a loan under this section, an eligi-ble entity shall agree to return to the gen-eral fund of the Treasury any portion of the loan amount that is unused by the eligible entity within a reasonable period of time after the date of the disbursement of the loan, as determined by the Secretary. 
(9) C
OMPARABLE WAGE RATES .—Each laborer 
and mechanic employed by a contractor or subcontractor in performance of construc-tion work financed, in whole or in part, by the loan shall be paid wages at rates not less than the rates prevailing on similar con-struction in the locality as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.099 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8941 December 2, 2015 
(c) R ULES AND PROCEDURES ; DISBURSEMENT  
OFLOANS .— 
(1) R ULES AND PROCEDURES .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall adopt rules and pro-cedures for carrying out the loan program under subsection (a). 
(2) D
ISBURSEMENT OF LOANS .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date on which the rules and procedures under paragraph (1) are es-tablished, the Secretary shall disburse the initial loans provided under this section. 
(d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of receipt of the loan, and annually thereafter for the term of the loan, an eligi-ble entity that receives a loan under this section shall submit to the Secretary a re-port describing the performance of each pro-gram and activity carried out using the loan, including itemized loan performance data. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section such sums as are nec-essary. 
SEC. 4183. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND GRANT 
PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a technical assistance and grant pro-gram (referred to in this section as the ‘‘pro-gram’’)— 
(A) to disseminate information and provide 
technical assistance directly to eligible enti-ties so the eligible entities can identify, evaluate, plan, and design distributed energy systems; and 
(B) to make grants to eligible entities so 
that the eligible entities may contract to ob-tain technical assistance to identify, evalu-ate, plan, and design distributed energy sys-tems. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The technical 
assistance described in paragraph (1) shall include assistance with 1 or more of the fol-lowing activities relating to distributed en-ergy systems: 
(A) Identification of opportunities to use 
distributed energy systems. 
(B) Assessment of technical and economic 
characteristics. 
(C) Utility interconnection. (D) Permitting and siting issues. (E) Business planning and financial anal-
ysis. 
(F) Engineering design. (3) I
NFORMATION DISSEMINATION .—The infor-
mation disseminated under paragraph (1)(A) shall include— 
(A) information relating to the topics de-
scribed in paragraph (2), including case stud-ies of successful examples; 
(B) computer software and databases for 
assessment, design, and operation and main-tenance of distributed energy systems; and 
(C) public databases that track the oper-
ation and deployment of existing and planned distributed energy systems. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—Any nonprofit or for-prof-
it entity shall be eligible to receive technical assistance and grants under the program. 
(c) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity desiring 
technical assistance or grants under the pro-gram shall submit to the Secretary an appli-cation at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require. 
(2) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall seek applications for technical assist-ance and grants under the program— 
(A) on a competitive basis; and (B) on a periodic basis, but not less fre-
quently than once every 12 months. 
(3) P
RIORITIES .—In selecting eligible enti-
ties for technical assistance and grants under the program, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities with projects that have the greatest potential for— (A) facilitating the use of renewable en-
ergy resources; 
(B) strengthening the reliability and resil-
iency of energy infrastructure to the impact of extreme weather events, power grid fail-ures, and interruptions in supply of fossil fuels; 
(C) improving the feasibility of microgrids 
or islanding, particularly in rural areas, in-cluding high energy cost rural areas; 
(D) minimizing environmental impact, in-
cluding regulated air pollutants and green-house gas emissions; and 
(E) maximizing local job creation. 
(d) G
RANTS .—On application by an eligible 
entity, the Secretary may award grants to the eligible entity to provide funds to cover not more than— 
(1) 100 percent of the costs of the initial as-
sessment to identify opportunities; 
(2) 75 percent of the cost of feasibility stud-
ies to assess the potential for the implemen-tation; 
(3) 60 percent of the cost of guidance on 
overcoming barriers to implementation, in-cluding financial, contracting, siting, and permitting issues; and 
(4) 45 percent of the cost of detailed engi-
neering. 
(e) R
ULES AND PROCEDURES .— 
(1) R ULES .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall adopt rules and procedures for carrying out the program. 
(2) G
RANTS .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of issuance of the rules and proce-dures for the program, the Secretary shall issue grants under this chapter. 
(f) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit 
to Congress and make available to the pub-lic— 
(1) not less frequently than once every 2 
years, a report describing the performance of the program under this section, including a synthesis and analysis of the information provided in the reports submitted to the Sec-retary under section 4181(c); and 
(2) on termination of the program under 
this section, an assessment of the success of, and education provided by, the measures car-ried out by eligible entities during the term of the program. 
(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $250,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, to re-main available until expended. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, my amendment focuses on ther-mal energy and combined heat power, which are essential to a smart energy future for our country, but they are often overlooked components of our na-tional energy supply. 
In the United States, up to 36 percent 
of the total energy produced is lost from power plants, industrial facilities, and buildings in the form of waste heat. My amendment will help indus-try, universities, hospitals, and others capture that waste heat and use renew-ables for heating, cooling, and power generation. 
Now, I want to read the definition of 
what is included in renewables so that everyone is aware: biomass, geo-thermal, hydropower, landfill gas, mu-nicipal solid waste, ocean energy, or-
ganic waste, photosynthetic processes, photovoltaic energy, solar energy, and wind. 
What is happening across America 
are businesses and nonprofits are get-ting really smart about this wasted en-ergy and they are putting it back into their facilities to save energy and save money. 
The overall resilience and cost sav-
ings that can be achieved through com-bined heat and power and distributed energy systems is proven every day, but it was especially proven during Superstorm Sandy and other natural disasters. 
During Superstorm Sandy, businesses 
and nonprofits, such as hospitals and universities, were able to keep the 
lights on and actually had heat and water in the aftermath of the storm be-cause they have these self-contained, energy-efficient waste heat projects. 
Mr. Chairman, we have also heard 
testimony in the Energy and Power Subcommittee extensively on the im-portance in the future of these smaller, distributed, locally based energy sys-tems. 
I have also seen it in my hometown 
in Tampa, where St. Joseph’s Hospital burns the medical waste, turns it into waste heat, and they are now saving $200,000 a year on their energy bills where they can keep the lights on. They don’t have to pay that out to the power company. That can go back into the care of patients. 
Mr. Chairman, what my amendment 
proposes to do is to help overcome the financing hurdles that will be key in implementing this highly efficient and resilient energy infrastructure. 
My amendment would establish an 
initiative to provide cost-shared fund-ing for technical assistance for feasi-bility studies and engineering, and it would enable qualifying energy infra-structure projects to access lower in-terest debt financing through a loan guarantee program. 
Industrial competitiveness will be 
enhanced because these businesses will be able to develop new revenue streams, reduce energy costs, reduce emissions, and enhance energy supply resiliency. 
We have got to plan ahead here in 
America. We have got to be smarter. According to a joint DOE and EPA study, roughly 65 gigawatts of tech-nical potential remain in the Nation’s hospitals, universities, wastewater treatment plants, and other critical in-frastructure. 
b1745 
My amendment will help to reduce 
the up-front capital cost of installing these locally based energy-efficient systems. These systems have proven themselves, and we should encourage them. 
So I respectfully request that the 
House act with an eye towards the fu-ture. Take this modest but very impor-tant step to help unleash American in-novation. We know how to do this. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.043 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8942 December 2, 2015 
can do this. Let’s give our businesses, 
our universities, and hospitals an in-centive to put waste energy to work and at the same time save some money. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on my amend-
ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would establish a DOE loan program to support distributed generation. While I support some of the goals in this amendment—distributed generation, microgrids, combined heat and power—I cannot support a new loan guarantee program given the fail-ures this administration has had in issuing loans. I remember one called Solyndra a long time ago. 
In any event, this amendment is too 
broad. Locally grown energy may make some sense in some circumstances but not in others. There are often economic reasons to use nonlocal energy sources and to use them on a larger scale than distributed generation. 
Moreover, this provision is duplica-
tive of other DOE programs as well as tax incentives and State programs that encourage the use of distributed renew-able energy. 
Circumstances do vary across re-
gions, so States should decide whether and how to encourage distributed gen-eration. The Federal Government shouldn’t be picking winners and los-ers. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the chairman for sup-porting some of the goals contained in the amendment. 
This is not an open-ended loan pro-
gram. This is very modest, only au-thorized for $250 million. The appropri-ators will probably scale that back. 
But what it does is it allows our hos-
pitals, universities, and other indus-trial users across the country some up-front technical assistance that will save them a lot of money and a lot of energy on the down side. This modest investment will have a great payoff for taxpayers and for industrial users, our hospitals, and universities. 
I have seen it work right in my dis-
trict. I know it worked during Superstorm Sandy. We have to think with an eye to the future and act that way. 
I request an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No 24 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
In subtitle A of title IV, add at the end the 
following new chapter: 
CHAPTER 8—SURFACE ESTATE OWNER 
NOTIFICATION 
SEC. 4181. SURFACE ESTATE OWNER NOTIFICA-
TION. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall— 
(1) notify surface estate owners and all 
owners of land located within 1 mile of a pro-posed oil or gas lease tract in writing at least 45 days in advance of lease sales; 
(2) within 10 working days after a lease is 
issued, notify surface estate owners and all owners of land located within 1 mile of a lease tract, regarding the identity of the les-see; 
(3) notify surface estate owners and all 
owners of land located within 1 mile of a lease tract in writing within 10 working days concerning any subsequent decisions regard-ing the lease, such as modifying or waiving stipulations and approving rights-of-way; and 
(4) notify surface estate owners and all 
owners of land located within 1 mile of a lease tract, within 5 business days after issuance of a drilling permit under a lease. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
explain how in many States, including my home State of Colorado, land-owners—if you live in a home, you own your property, you bought it—you are not necessarily and in most cases, in fact, you are not also the owner of the minerals beneath your land. That is called a split estate. 
Many, in fact most, surface estates in 
my State were split from their sub-surface or mineral rights—severed. And Congress rewrote the rules of the Homestead Act to maintain ownership over minerals even as they gave away western lands for development. 
So, again, what that means is we 
have suburban subdevelopments, peo-ple’s homes—people live in their homes—and the Federal Government owns the mineral rights under those homes. Along with that comes the right to extract those minerals. 
Unfortunately, what fails to be 
present in the Homestead Act is pro-tections and notification requirements for the people who live there, the homeowners. So, in some cases, in Col-orado and elsewhere, landholders and homeowners don’t even know that there has been a lease or a drill permit on their land where they own the sur-face rights. Literally, one day an oil company 
can drive up to the property and con-struct a horizontal drill in the middle of your backyard without notification. So you can imagine the result—harm and loss of cattle or crops, infrastruc-ture on the property—not knowing what is occurring. 
And, really, it has been amazing to 
see the ability of the extraction indus-try to operate without having to ad-dress the legitimate concerns of sur-face owners. 
Now, my bill doesn’t change all of 
that, and, frankly, I would like to go a lot further and will in other legislative efforts. This amendment is really a commonsense effort that is a critical first step to right those wrongs. 
It would simply require that the 
BLM notify a landowner sitting above mineral rights that they plan to put out for bid, award, lease, or sale a drill-ing permit on that land. 
The BLM will argue that there are 
notification requirements. What that means is it might be posted on a Web site or in the Federal Register. Well, I guarantee you that Mr. or Mrs. Smith in a suburban subdevelopment are not eagerly checking the Federal Register 
every day. They are not even generally aware that there are mineral rights under their property, nor should they have to be. They should simply get a letter in the mail saying what is hap-pening if and when there is going to be mineral development on their property. 
And I think that is a simple, com-
monsense step that would protect American taxpayers from undue, un-reasonable burdens placed upon them and protect property rights. I really hope it is not controversial and that we can adopt this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Colorado is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to let my colleague from Colo-rado know that this is an unnecessary amendment, so I would ask Members to oppose it. 
There already is a lot of built-in noti-
fication that does take place. I don’t know if my colleague is aware of this or not, but when an expression of inter-est for leasing is made, the BLM re-quires that all of the surface owners, wherever this expression of interest for leasing applies to, are notified by mail. 
Secondly, before a permit is issued, 
there is another notification to the surface owners of wherever that lease is located. 
Thirdly, under the NEPA process, be-
fore the leases are even issued, the pub-lic is notified. I know this amendment talks about notifying everyone within 1 mile. The public notification is a lot broader than just 1 mile, so, actually, current law does more than what this amendment calls for. 
But there are two different steps, in 
addition to the public notice, where the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.101 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8943 December 2, 2015 
surface landowner actually is notified 
by mail by a good faith effort required by the Bureau of Land Management for Federal lands. 
On top of all that, Mr. Chairman, I 
ask opposition for this amendment be-cause it is poorly written. It is ambig-uous as to whether it is only applying to Federal lands or is broader and would include tribal lands, private lands, and things way out of the juris-diction of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. 
But, in any case, even if it would just 
apply to the Federal lands, it is unnec-essary. Because of the different steps that are required under the language of this amendment, it would add a lot of paperwork and red tape and really not accomplish anything more than what is already clearly accomplished two or three times under existing law. 
For all those reasons, Mr. Chairman, 
I ask that we oppose this amendment. I know it is well-intentioned, but the law already takes care of this. This amendment, besides being poorly writ-ten, would add a lot of time and paper-work and red tape to the process right now. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I wish 
that this amendment weren’t nec-essary. There are hundreds, if not thou-sands, of homeowners in Colorado who fail to be notified by the BLM. 
Now, there is a good faith effort re-
quirement, but there is no system in place to ensure that the person gets a notification. So, in effect, what hap-pens is the agency will sign off, ‘‘We made a good faith effort, couldn’t find who the property owner was,’’ and it is posted in the Federal Register or in a newspaper in an ad that the home-owner is extremely unlikely to ever see. 
What we are simply saying is have a 
step to implement this directive that already exists. Give this meaning; give this teeth. Make sure that homeowners are actually notified in the mail, that there is an effort to actually find out who they are, and not just a bureau-cratic signoff that we don’t know who they are and, therefore, they are never going to find out until trucks drive onto their property. 
It is a real problem, and there is a 
real simple, commonsense solution. I urge my colleagues to adopt it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, just 
to finish this, I would say that this is an unnecessary amendment because there are already two, if not three, dif-ferent times that the notice to the sur-face owner already takes place: once to the public at large, twice to the surface owner in particular. 
Secondly, this is poorly written. I am 
afraid that it does not just refer strict-ly to Federal lands that the BLM con-trols, but this could apply to tribal lands and private lands. So it makes a mess in that regard. 
And, thirdly, it goes 1 mile away. The 
current law does refer to the surface owner and accomplishes the things 
that the proponent of the amendment wants to accomplish, so it is unneces-sary. 
For those reasons, Mr. Chairman, I 
urge opposition to this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I respect 
my good friend and colleague from Col-orado. 
Part of the goal of this amendment is 
to ensure that the full area of disrup-tion receives notification. So where you have a suburban subdevelopment, it is one thing for the owner under which the activity is occurring to get notice. 
But keep in mind the activity also 
has an impact certainly within a mile radius of that activity in terms of loud noises, trucks, et cetera. Families may choose to leave town; others may choose to stick it out and make sure they are prepared for whatever activity will occur, when it occurs. 
But, clearly, if there are notification 
aspects in the current law, which there are, they are insufficient, because I come before you telling you that there are homeowners in Colorado who have no prior word of extraction activity on their land until, literally, they see it occurring. They see trucks, they see people. They go out, they say, ‘‘What are you doing?’’ and they say, ‘‘We are getting ready to drill.’’ 
This happens in my State. This 
amendment would make sure that, more than a good faith effort that is simply signed off on by some bureau-crat and therefore waived, there is a real effort of implementation. We give full rulemaking authority to the BLM to actually come up with a system for notifying homeowners and adjacent property owners about extraction work that is occurring for the mineral rights that occur under where they live. 
I hope that this is a basis of common 
sense from which we can build a con-cept of homeowner protections and sur-face owner rights to balance the rights that the mineral owners have. Cer-tainly, transparency and notification is a simple one and an easy one for the BLM to implement. That is all the amendment would do. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . BARTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE VII—CHANGING CRUDE OIL 
MARKET CONDITIONS 
SEC. 7001. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The United States has enjoyed a renais-
sance in energy production, establishing the United States as the world’s leading oil pro-
ducer. 
(2) By authorizing crude oil exports, the 
Congress can spur domestic energy produc-tion, create and preserve jobs, help maintain and strengthen our independent shipping fleet that is essential to national defense, and generate State and Federal revenues. 
(3) An energy-secure United States that is 
a net exporter of energy has the potential to transform the security environment around the world, notably in Europe and the Middle East. 
(4) For our European allies and Israel, the 
presence of more United States oil in the market will offer more secure supply op-tions, which will strengthen United States strategic alliances and help curtail the use of energy as a political weapon. 
(5) The 60-ship Maritime Security Fleet is 
a vital element of our military’s strategic sealift and global response capability. It assures United States-flag ships and United States crews will be available to support the United States military when it needs to mo-bilize to protect our allies, and is the most prudent and economical solution to meet current and projected sealift requirements for the United States. 
(6) The Maritime Security Fleet program 
provides a labor base of skilled American mariners who are available to crew the United States Government-owned strategic sealift fleet, as well as the United States commercial fleet, in both peace and war. 
(7) The United States has reduced its oil 
consumption over the past decade, and in-creasing investment in clean energy tech-nology and energy efficiency will lower en-ergy prices, reduce greenhouse gas emis-sions, and increase national security. 
SEC. 7002. REPEAL. 
Section 103 of the Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 7003. NATIONAL POLICY ON OIL EXPORT RE-
STRICTIONS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, to promote the efficient exploration, production, storage, supply, marketing, pric-ing, and regulation of energy resources, in-cluding fossil fuels, no official of the Federal Government shall impose or enforce any re-striction on the export of crude oil. 
SEC. 7004. STUDIES. 
(a) G REENHOUSE GASEMISSIONS .—Not later 
than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall con-duct, and transmit to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the re-sults of, a study on the net greenhouse gas emissions that will result from the repeal of the crude oil export ban under section 7002. 
(b) C
RUDE OILEXPORT STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Com-
merce, in consultation with the Department of Energy, and other departments as appro-priate, shall conduct a study of the State and national implications of lifting the crude oil export ban with respect to con-sumers and the economy. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study conducted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an analysis of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.103 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8944 December 2, 2015 
(A) the economic impact that exporting 
crude oil will have on the economy of the United States; 
(B) the economic impact that exporting 
crude oil will have on consumers, taking into account impacts on energy prices; 
(C) the economic impact that exporting 
crude oil will have on domestic manufac-turing, taking into account impacts on em-ployment; and 
(D) the economic impact that exporting 
crude oil will have on the refining sector, taking into account impacts on employment. 
(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Industry and Security shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under para-graph (1). 
SEC. 7005. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this title limits the authority 
of the President under the Constitution, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), part B of title II of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6271 et seq.), the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), or any other provision of law that imposes sanctions on a foreign person or for-eign government (including any provision of law that prohibits or restricts United States persons from engaging in a transaction with a sanctioned person or government), includ-ing a foreign government that is designated as a state sponsor of terrorism, to prohibit exports. 
SEC. 7006. PARTNERSHIPS WITH MINORITY SERV-
ING INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Department of En-
ergy shall continue to develop and broaden partnerships with minority serving institu-tions, including Hispanic Serving Institu-tions (HSI) and Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) in the areas of oil and gas exploration, production, midstream, and refining. 
(b) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS .—The 
Department of Energy shall encourage pub-lic-private partnerships between the energy sector and minority serving institutions, in-cluding Hispanic Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
SEC. 7007. REPORT. 
Not later than 10 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil export ban under this title as it relates to promoting United States energy and national security. 
SEC. 7008. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of En-ergy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report ana-lyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil ex-ports will help create opportunities for vet-erans and women in the United States, while promoting energy and national security. 
SEC. 7009. PROHIBITION ON EXPORTS OF CRUDE 
OIL, REFINED PETROLEUM PROD-UCTS, AND PETROCHEMICAL PROD-UCTS TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
authorize the export of crude oil, refined pe-troleum products, and petrochemical prod-ucts by or through any entity or person, wherever located, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States to any entity or person located in, subject to the jurisdiction of, or sponsored by the Islamic Republic of Iran. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I offer 
this amendment on behalf of myself, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , and Mr. M CCAUL. 
This amendment is almost identical 
to H.R. 702, which passed the House floor on a strong bipartisan basis sev-eral months ago with 261 votes, I be-lieve, in favor of it. 
This is necessary because, while we 
had hoped that H.R. 702 would be brought up in the other body as a stand-alone bill, it doesn’t appear that is going to happen this session, so we want to try to put this on another ve-hicle that the Senate may yet bring up. 
I will also point out that there are a 
number of larger bills in play, and there is a possibility we will try to at-tach it to those also. 
In any event, this amendment is true 
to the bill that was brought up on the House floor. It is identical, with two exceptions: 
One, it does not have the maritime 
provision to provide some additional funding for our maritime merchant marine fleet because that was not ger-mane—not because we don’t support it, but it was not germane. 
And, two, we had a requirement that 
we do a study of the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve. That is no longer nec-essary because that part of the bill has become law. 
b1800 
Other than that, all of the amend-
ments that were offered and accepted on both sides are in this amendment that is before us today. 
We are the third largest oil producer 
in the world. We have the capability to significantly increase our production, but under current law, Mr. Chairman, that is not possible because it is pro-hibited by a law that was passed in 1975. The gist of this bill is that it would repeal that ban and allow Amer-ican crude oil to be put out on the world market, just like our refined oil products are today. 
I ask everybody who voted for it be-
fore to vote for it again, and for those of you who didn’t see the light the last time, we are going to give you a second chance tonight to vote for it. 
I want to see if there is anybody will-
ing to stand up and be in opposition to this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, 
ever since I got involved in public pol-icy, which was about 40 years ago, this Nation has been crying for energy inde-pendence. 
I remember my very first campaign 
in 1974, during the oil energy crisis, when there was all around the world no 
oil available and no gas available, and we wanted to be energy independent. We are actually getting close to it; al-though, we continue to import 25 per-cent of our crude oil, but maybe we are on the cusp of being energy inde-pendent. 
So what does Big Oil want to do? It is 
not good enough that they should be the wealthiest of all corporations in America and the world. They want to take our precious and almost energy independent oil and export it. 
Where is it going to go? Where is the 
market? China, for sure, wants oil. They are going to need to double their import of oil. So where is Big Oil going to go with our precious natural re-source that we have for at least the last 40 years been trying to use to achieve energy independence? 
Why would my good friend from 
Texas give away to Big Oil our energy independence? Why would we do that? 
By the way, the 1975 law does not 
prohibit. It puts the hand of the gov-ernment—the President and the Sec-retary of Commerce—on the spigot, and if it is not in America’s interest to export, they can shut the spigot down. There is no such protection in this. The only hand on the spigot for the export of oil is Big Oil. There is $30 billion a year of additional revenue for Big Oil— as if they don’t already have enough. 
What about the rest of the Nation? 
Shouldn’t this natural resource asset of America’s be shared? It could be. Control the spigot to the benefit of the people at the gas pump. My farmers need chemicals and fertilizer coming from the oil industry. They need the pipes—they need all of the material— and they need the diesel. Oh, we can forget about the farmers. After all, Big Oil wants to ship our precious natural resource—oil—overseas, probably to China. 
So why don’t we put a control on 
this, and if it is not in the public inter-est, don’t do it? $8.7 billion of refining infrastructure will not be built as a re-sult of this export. Whose jobs are those? They are the American middle class’, which, apparently, all of us want to protect and enhance. Those are mid-dle class jobs. $8.7 billion of infrastruc-ture is not going to be built in our re-fineries. 
This is not a big deal. After all, Big 
Oil wants it. It is no big deal that we would take, as we move towards energy independence, the one product that is available that could diminish the 25 percent oil we currently import. No. We are simply going to ship it offshore. For whose benefit? Are the American mariners going to benefit from that? No. Are the American shipbuilders going to benefit from that? No, not at all. Who is going to benefit? Some in the oil patch will benefit for sure, and, certainly, the Big Oil companies will benefit; but will the American con-sumer at the gasoline pump benefit? 
I have seen the studies. You can de-
sign a study that will show it, but it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.046 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8945 December 2, 2015 
means nothing. Remember this: $30 bil-
lion of oil a year is going to leave this country. For whose benefit? For Big Oil? It is not for the person at the gas pump. It is not for the farmer who is buying the diesel. It is not for the farmer who wants to buy the fertilizer. Give it away. Let them have it—as if they don’t already have enough. For a century, Big Oil has been subsidized by the American public. Enough already. 
I don’t think this is a good idea. I 
don’t think it is a good idea to take our crude oil and allow it to be shipped overseas with absolutely no restric-tions whatsoever. You want a strong vote on this? Then make it a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. I will put the gen-
tleman from California down as being undecided on the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from College Station, Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
strong support of this amendment, which would strengthen our Nation’s energy, its security, its jobs, and its economy. 
We have heard some interesting rhet-
oric tonight, but here are the facts. This amendment results in five key benefits to our country: 
First, it benefits the American con-
sumer with resulting overall lower en-ergy prices. This particularly benefits lower-income and lower middle-income Americans, providing greater economic security for those hard-working fami-lies; 
Two, it benefits American producers 
and allows them to further reinvest in our domestic energy infrastructure, furthering our energy security and good-paying American jobs. Most of those companies are small, inde-pendent oil and gas companies, not the major companies that were just talked about; 
Three, it benefits our geopolitical 
standing and strengthens ties with our global friends and allies, and it hurts those countries like Russia, Iran, and Venezuela, which are opposed to Amer-ican interests; 
Four, it benefits the downstream re-
fining community as lower prices will stimulate volume demand for their re-fined products. This gives them more financial capital to hire skilled Amer-ican workers and to reinvest in their operations; 
Five, it helps cure our trade imbal-
ances. 
These are five critical reasons as to 
why everybody wins if we lift the ban. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Mr. B
ARTON for his work on this impor-
tant amendment. I also thank the chairman for his support. 
I strongly encourage my colleagues 
to support the amendment and the un-derlying bill. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time remains? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas has 1
3⁄4minutes remaining, 
and the gentleman from California has 
yielded back the balance of his time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. I don’t see any other speakers on our side. 
Let me simply say that this amend-
ment is about jobs for America. There 
is only one commodity that we pro-hibit, by law, from being exported, and it is crude oil. We don’t prohibit cot-ton; we don’t prohibit corn; we don’t prohibit ethanol; we don’t prohibit automobiles; we don’t prohibit video games or movies. We only prohibit crude oil. That is number one. 
Number two, since the oil prices have 
precipitously fallen in the last 13 or 14 months, we have lost over 250,000 jobs in the United States. Those aren’t just oil patch jobs. Those are truck driver jobs; they are warehouse jobs; they are computer programmer jobs; they are restaurant jobs. You name it; those are real jobs. It is estimated, Mr. Chair-man, that we are losing as many as 1,000 jobs a week right now. If we re-peal this antiquated law, we can put some of those people back to work. 
We can put American-made oil in the 
world marketplace. It makes no sense to let Iran export oil, but we can’t let American oil be put on the world mar-ket. We don’t know who is going to buy the oil, but we do know that the money we will receive from it is going to come back to the United States. It is going to create jobs, and it is going to help our economy. It is going to be good for every American in every State of the 50 States in the Union. Vote for this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–359 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. U
PTON of 
Michigan. 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. T ONKO of 
New York. 
Amendment No. 14 by Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas. 
Amendment No. 17 by Mr. B EYER of 
Virginia. 
Amendment No. 19 by Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY of Illinois. 
Amendment No. 22 by Mr. T ONKO of 
New York. Amendment No. 23 by Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida. 
Amendment No. 24 by Mr. P OLIS of 
Colorado. 
Amendment No. 25 by Mr. B ARTON of 
Texas. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . UPTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 246, noes 177, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 656] 
AYES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.107 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8946 December 2, 2015 
Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—177 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Meeks Payne Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Stefanik Takai Webster (FL) 
Williams 
b1838 
Mr. RIGELL changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO  
The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. B LACK ). The 
unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 244, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 657] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perry Pingree 
Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Aguilar Cuellar Marchant Meeks Payne 
Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai Webster (FL) 
Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1843 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.047 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8947 December 2, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . GENE  
GREEN OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE 
GREEN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 263, noes 158, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 658] 
AYES—263 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—158 
Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Aguilar 
Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cuellar Joyce 
Meeks Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta 
Takai Webster (FL) Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1848 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mrs. BLACK and Mr. AMODEI 
changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 246, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 659] 
AYES—172 
Adams 
Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson 
Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.113 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8948 December 2, 2015 
Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Aguilar Capps Cleaver Conyers Cuellar Green, Gene 
Meeks Payne Rangel Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta 
Takai Walorski Webster (FL) Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1851 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Chair, on rollcall 
No. 659 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . 
SCHAKOWSKY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 660] 
AYES—183 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moore 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Aguilar Cole Cuellar Meeks Payne 
Royce Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai 
Webster (FL) Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1854 
Mr. POLIS changed his vote from 
‘‘aye to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.050 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8949 December 2, 2015 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 198, noes 224, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 661] 
AYES—198 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley 
McNerney McSally Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Young (IA) 
NOES—224 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Aguilar Cole Cuellar Gutie´rrez Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai 
Webster (FL) Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1858 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 175, noes 247, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 662] 
AYES—175 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—247 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei 
Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Beatty Benishek Bilirakis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.118 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8950 December 2, 2015 
Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Aguilar Cuellar Larson (CT) Meeks Payne 
Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Takai 
Webster (FL) Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1901 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chair, during rollcall 
vote No. 662 on H.R. 8, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted 
‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 206, noes 216, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 663] 
AYES—206 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick 
Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meng Messer Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NOES—216 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Aguilar 
Cole Cuellar Joyce Meeks 
Payne Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai 
Webster (FL) Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1905 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.054 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8951 December 2, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . BARTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 255, noes 168, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 664] 
AYES—255 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon 
Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—168 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meehan Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Aguilar Cole Cuellar Meeks Payne 
Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai Webster (FL) 
Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1910 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. B
LACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century en-ergy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy effi-ciency and government accountability, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 
2310 
(Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, 
today the Rules Committee issued a Dear Colleague letter outlining the amendment process for H.R. 2310, the Red River Private Property Protection Act. An amendment deadline has been set for Monday, December 7, 2015, at 12:00 p.m. Amendments should be draft-ed to the text as reported by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources and is posted on the Rules Committee Web site. Please feel free to contact me or my staff with any questions. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on adoption of the conference report on the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the conference report. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 359, nays 64, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 665] 
YEAS—359 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.125 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8952 December 2, 2015 
Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth 
Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey 
Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth 
Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NAYS—64 
Amash Babin Bishop (UT) Blackburn Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Farenthold Fleming Franks (AZ) Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Guinta 
Harper Harris Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador Lamborn Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie Meadows Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Palazzo 
Palmer Perry Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rothfus Salmon Sanford Schweikert Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Walker Weber (TX) Wenstrup Yoder Yoho 
NOT VOTING—10 
Aguilar 
Cuellar Garrett Meeks Payne 
Ruppersberger Sanchez, Loretta Takai Webster (FL) 
Williams 
b1918 
So the conference report was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Madam Speaker, I 
was not able to vote today for medical rea-sons. 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 653, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 654, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 655, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 656, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 657, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 658, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 659, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 660, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 661, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 662, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 663, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 664, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 665, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CUELLAR. Madam Speaker, on 
Wednesday, December 2nd, I am not re-corded on any votes because I was absent due to family reasons. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘nay,’’ on rollcall 653, on ordering the Previous Question providing for further consideration of H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
‘‘Nay,’’ on rollcall 654, on agreeing to H. 
Res. 542—Providing for further consideration of H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security 
and Infrastructure Act of 2015; providing for consideration of the conference report to ac-company S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 655, on the motion to in-
struct conferees on H.R. 644. 
‘‘Nay,’’ on rollcall 656, on the Upton amend-
ment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Nay,’’ on rollcall 657, on the Tonko amend-
ment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 658, on the Gene Green 
amendment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Nay,’’ on rollcall 659, on the Beyer amend-
ment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Nay,’’ on rollcall 660, on the Schakowsky 
amendment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 661, on the Tonko amend-
ment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 662, on the Castor amend-
ment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 663, on the Polis amend-
ment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 664, on the Barton/Cuellar/ 
McCaul/Flores/Conaway amendment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 665, on agreeing to the 
Conference Report to Accompany S. 1177— Every Student Succeeds Act. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
OUNG of Iowa). Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Ne-braska? 
There was no objection. 
f 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECU-
RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 542 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 8. 
Will the gentlewoman from Ten-
nessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) kindly resume the 
chair. 
b1921 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manu-facturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other pur-poses, with Mrs. B
LACK (Acting Chair) 
in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 25 printed in House Re-port 114–359 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ) had been dis-
posed of. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.058 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8953 December 2, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE ll—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. llll . VOLUNTARY VEGETATION MANAGE-
MENT OUTSIDE RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of the 
Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize an owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility to man-age vegetation selectively within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the right-of-way near structures for selective thinning and fuel reduction. 
(b) S
TATUS OF REMOVED VEGETATION .—Any 
vegetation removed pursuant to this section shall be the property of the United States and not available for sale by the owner or op-erator. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—An owner or 
operator of an electric transmission or dis-tribution facility shall not be held liable for wildlife damage, loss, or injury, including the cost of fire suppression, resulting from activities carried out pursuant to subsection (a) except in the case of harm resulting from the owner or operator’s gross negligence or criminal misconduct. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Dakota. 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Chair, this 
amendment simply authorizes the vol-untary—and I stress voluntary—vege-tation management within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the right-of- way near structures on U.S. Forest Service land. 
As a former energy regulator and a 
utility commissioner, I know there are many threats to power lines running across this country. Most of the time, this comes down to vegetation, as odd as it might seem, but especially in areas where there are a lot of trees and that are remote areas hard to get to. 
Off-right-of-way vegetation manage-
ment on these lands are the responsi-bility of the United States Forest Serv-ice. But for any number of reasons, they aren’t conducting this critical work to ensure the reliability of our electricity. 
Utility companies don’t want to do 
the work off their right-of-way due to the lack of clarity in their legal liabil-ity or a strict liability standard. This amendment provides that legal cer-tainty and holds utilities accountable for gross negligence or criminal mis-conduct. 
Lastly, Madam Chair, it is important 
to note that this amendment dem-onstrates that this is not—and I stress is not—a backdoor to logging and pre-vents the sale of the vegetation by the utility and clarifies it shall be the property of the United States. Madam Chair, I would also emphasize 
that the Edison Electric Institute and the American Public Power Associa-tion support this amendment. 
Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CRAMER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I want to 
stress that this authorizes voluntary vegetation management within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the right- of-way, prevents the sale of vegetation, and limits legal liability. I think it is a good amendment. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to support it. 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Chair, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, the 
manager’s amendment to H.R. 8 al-ready includes a provision which would hand over management of vast swaths of U.S. public lands to private corpora-tions and other utility providers under the guise of preventing forest fires. 
This provision was inserted in the 
dead of night, and the full House won’t get to vote on it. This is a terrible way to treat our public lands. 
As if this weren’t enough, this 
amendment would go even further, al-lowing electric utilities to clear-cut a football field-length swath of national forest adjacent to transmission rights- of-way. 
It would also shift liability for fire 
damage caused by transmission infra-structure from the utilities to the American taxpayers, and that is just not right. 
The Forest Service and the BLM are 
already working with utilities to im-prove right-of-way maintenance, and both agencies testified before the Nat-ural Resources Committee that prior agency approval is not necessary for emergency vegetation maintenance work. 
Mr. H
UFFMAN offered a commonsense 
amendment at markup which would have required proactive planning by utilities in coordination with land managers to identify and address po-tential fire threats, but every Repub-lican voted against it. Instead, they are supporting legislation which would lead to less responsible stewardship of the American people’s forests. 
According to the National Inter-
agency Fire Center, power lines were responsible for causing only 0.03 per-cent of forest fires in past 5 years. 
Madam Chair, if Republicans were se-
rious about preventing and fighting forest fires, they would work with us to adequately fund the Forest Service and fix the problem of fire borrowing, which last year burned up 52 percent of the agency’s budget. 
But this isn’t about solving a prob-
lem. This is about control. It is regret-table that House Republicans seek to give away the people’s land to private 
interests. It is outrageous that this would happen. 
Madam Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAMER. Madam Chair, I just 
want to correct a couple of the state-
ments made sincerely by the opposi-tion to this. I want to be clear that the cost of this is borne not by the tax-payers, but by the utilities themselves. The reason that they are not able to do it now, of course, is because of a lack of clarity and the liability. So this simply clears that part of it up. 
Again, I want to get back to I was a 
regulator for nearly 10 years. Some people may remember not so many years ago a major rolling brownout that led to blackouts in the north-eastern part of this country. 
All of that was caused by trees grow-
ing into transmission lines. It has a cascading effect. And, yes, if it is a large forest, those trees growing into transmission lines can also create for-est fires. 
This is a very basic approach. Most of 
the arguments that the gentleman raised are to the underlying bill, not to this amendment. This amendment is very straightforward. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Dakota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. DUFFY. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new title: 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 7001. ASSESSMENT OF REGULATORY RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall ensure that the require-ments described in subsection (b) are satis-fied. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator 
shall satisfy— 
(1) section 4 of Executive Order 12866 (5 
U.S.C. 601 note) (relating to regulatory plan-ning and review) and Executive Order 13563 (5 U.S.C. 601 note) (relating to improving regu-lation and regulatory review) (or any suc-cessor Executive order establishing require-ments applicable to the uniform reporting of regulatory and deregulatory agendas); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.129 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8954 December 2, 2015 
(2) section 602 of title 5, United States 
Code; 
(3) section 8 of Executive Order 13132 (5 
U.S.C. 601 note) (relating to federalism); and 
(4) section 202(a) of the Unfunded Mandates 
Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1532(a)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. DUFFY. Madam Chair, today I 
rise to talk about a commonsense amendment, an amendment that takes aim at excessive bureaucratic rule-making at the EPA. 
b1930 
The EPA has long been known to 
issue onerous and costly rules with lit-tle regard to the impact on American businesses and the families who run those businesses. 
According to some estimates, 17 of 
the EPA’s major rules implemented be-tween 2000 and 2013 have imposed an annual economic impact of $90 billion— a $90 billion annual impact per year, which means real jobs and a real im-pact on our economy. 
Adding to the frustration, the EPA 
often ignores longstanding executive orders that require them to improve their own regulatory coordination planning and reviews. These executive orders were issued under the Clinton and Obama administrations, two ad-ministrations that have a very positive outlook towards the EPA. By no stretch of the imagination do we con-sider them conservatives. 
These orders require departments, 
but not independent regulatory agen-cies like the EPA, to follow certain guidelines when it comes to major rules that would have a dramatic im-pact on State, local, or tribal govern-ment, or private sector expenditures in the aggregate of more than $100 million a year. So those are big rules that have big impacts. 
The mercury rule put forward by the 
EPA is a prime example of that. It was going to cost $10 billion. This summer, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down that rule because the EPA unreason-ably failed to consider the cost. My amendment would require the EPA to actually follow existing requirements to improve regulatory planning, co-ordination, and reviews. 
American families and businesses 
can’t afford the EPA to continue with duplicative and overreaching regula-tions. The EPA should have to follow the same rules that other departments in American government must follow. 
Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. DUFFY. I yield to the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. I just want to say to the 
Chair and colleagues, this amendment requires the EPA to satisfy regulatory planning review requirements estab-lished by both the Clinton and Obama administrations. I think the amendment is a good one, 
and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. DUFFY. Madam Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment which would require EPA to satisfy within 30 days certain regulatory requirements included in three executive orders in two sections of the U.S. Code. This amendment is a solution in search of a problem. 
EPA, in carrying out its responsibil-
ities to write regulations as required by various statutes—for example, the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act—already complies with the EPA’s specific responsibilities included in the three executive orders and two sections cited in this amendment. 
I say ‘‘EPA’’ specifically because 
some of these laws and executive or-ders impose ongoing obligations on these agencies and place responsibility on parties other than the EPA—for ex-ample, the Vice President and the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs within the Office of Management and Budget. In such cases, it will not be possible for EPA to ‘‘ensure that the requirements of subsection (b) are satisfied,’’ as the amendment requires. 
In addition, some matters, such as 
the publication of the Regulatory Flexibility Agenda in the Federal Reg-ister, as cited in section 602 of title 5 of the U.S. Code, are handled by the Gen-eral Services Administration on behalf of other Federal agencies and are therefore similarly outside of the EPA’s control. 
Moreover, Madam Chair, this amend-
ment has the potential to lead to con-fusion in the future because it requires the EPA also to satisfy requirements in any successor executive orders that may establish requirements applicable to the uniform reporting of regulatory and deregulatory agendas. 
What happens if these successor exec-
utive orders are not consistent with the current ones? Then we have a situ-ation where EPA is forced to comply with competing executive orders, lead-ing to unnecessary confusion. 
Let’s avoid this possibility by defeat-
ing this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Madam Chair, some of 
my friends across the aisle’s arguments are: Don’t let the people know. Let’s not be transparent. Let’s have the EPA implement rules with no comment, no transparency, and no input from the American people. 
That is not what our Founders envi-
sioned. They envisioned a form of gov-ernment where it was transparent and we all had a say in the process. These aren’t radical ideas. This is common sense. Listen, a quote: ‘‘Regulations shall 
be adopted through a process that in-volves public participation.’’ That wasn’t from Ronald Reagan or George Bush. That was Barack Obama. 
‘‘Each agency, where feasible and ap-
propriate, shall seek the views of those who are likely to be affected.’’ Not Ronald Reagan, not George Bush, but Barack Obama. 
This stuff makes sense. Open the 
process up, let the American people see the impact and the rules that are being proposed, just like in every other gov-ernment agency. The EPA shouldn’t get special treatment. 
Transparency, good government, 
American involvement from the people in the process is what this amendment is about. I encourage all of my col-leagues to support good government and a great amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, let me 
just say that this process with the EPA is very transparent, they do consider costs, and I disagree with the gen-tleman. 
I urge opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new title: 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 7001. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) C OVERED CIVIL ACTION .—The term ‘‘cov-
ered civil action’’ means a civil action con-taining a claim under section 702 of title 5, United States Code, regarding agency action (as defined for the purposes of that section) affecting a covered energy project on Federal land. 
(2) C
OVERED ENERGY PROJECT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘covered en-
ergy project’’ means— 
(i) the leasing of Federal land for the ex-
ploration, development, production, proc-essing, or transmission of oil, natural gas, coal, geothermal, hydroelectric, biomass, solar, or any other source of energy; and 
(ii) any action under the lease. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘covered energy 
project’’ does not include any dispute be-tween the parties to a lease regarding the ob-ligations under the lease, including any al-leged breach of the lease. 
SEC. 7002. EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR CERTAIN 
CIVIL ACTIONS RELATING TO COV-ERED ENERGY PROJECTS. 
Venue for any covered civil action shall lie 
in the United States district court in which the covered energy project or lease exists or is proposed. 
SEC. 7003. TIMELY FILING. 
To ensure timely redress by the courts, a 
covered civil action shall be filed not later 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.062 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8955 December 2, 2015 
than the end of the 90-day period beginning 
on the date of the final Federal agency ac-tion to which the covered civil action re-lates. 
SEC. 7004. EXPEDITION IN HEARING AND DETER-
MINING THE ACTION. 
The court shall endeavor to hear and deter-
mine any covered civil action as expedi-tiously as practicable. 
SEC. 7005. LIMITATION ON INJUNCTION AND PRO-
SPECTIVE RELIEF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In a covered civil action, 
a court shall not grant or approve any pro-spective relief unless the court finds that the relief— 
(1) is narrowly drawn; (2) extends no further than necessary to 
correct the violation of a legal requirement; and 
(3) is the least intrusive means necessary 
to correct the violation. 
(b) D
URATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A court shall limit the du-
ration of preliminary injunctions to halt covered energy projects to not more than 60 days, unless the court finds clear reasons to extend the injunction. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In the case of an ex-
tension, the extension shall— 
(A) only be in 30-day increments; and (B) require action by the court to renew 
the injunction. 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—Sections 504 of title 5 and 
2412 of title 28, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘‘Equal Access to Jus-tice Act’’), shall not apply to a covered civil action. 
(b) C
OURT COSTS.—A party to a covered 
civil action shall not receive payment from the Federal Government for the attorneys’ fees, expenses, or other court costs incurred by the party. 
SEC. 7006. LEGAL STANDING. 
A challenger that files an appeal with the 
Department of the Interior Board of Land Appeals shall meet the same standing re-quirements as a challenger before a United States district court. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to offer a commonsense amend-ment to H.R. 8. The Gosar-Bridenstine- Yoho amendment ensures timely re-view for legal challenges of energy projects and limits attorneys’ fees for such challenges in order to discourage frivolous lawsuits and foster American energy production. 
This amendment will streamline the 
process and encourage production of natural gas, hydropower, clean coal, geothermal, solar, oil, biomass, and all other sources of energy that are pro-duced on Federal lands. 
Specifically, this amendment re-
quires that U.S. district courts hear and determine covered civil action challenges as expeditiously as practical and that all covered actions be filed within 90 days of the final Federal agency action. 
This amendment is a responsible, 
commonsense step that a government accountable to the people should take to show proper stewardship of the public’s dollar, time, and resources. If you support transparency and cutting red tape that is holding up energy de-
velopment, then you should support this amendment. 
Just this week, the House passed leg-
islation unanimously in the form of H.R. 3279, the Open Book on Equal Ac-cess to Justice Act. This bipartisan bill tracks how much money is paid out under the Equal Access to Justice Act, EAJA, and from which agencies. This legislation was necessary because, while Congress used to track such in-formation, these practices were stopped in 1995. 
The Gosar-Bridenstine-Yoho amend-
ment improves on this excellent bipar-tisan work by limiting attorney fees and frivolous lawsuits against covered energy products, including renewables. 
While no one knows the exact cost of 
EAJA payouts, as they have occurred untracked and in the dark for 20 years, the Government Accountability Office last reported in 2009 that special inter-est Washington, D.C., lawyers were billing the Federal Government at ex-orbitant rates, as high as $750 an hour. 
It seems only appropriate that H.R. 
3279 should be signed into law, those re-porting requirements should kick in, and our amendment should be adopted 
before the Federal Government squan-ders more taxpayer money paying out D.C. trial attorneys who specialize in holding up American energy produc-tion. 
House Natural Resources Chairman 
R
OBBISHOP supports our commonsense 
amendment. 
Our amendment is endorsed by the 
Americans for Limited Government; the American Petroleum Institute; An-glers United, Inc.; Arizona Builders Al-liance; the Arizona Farm Bureau; Ari-zona Liberty; Arizona Pork Council; AZ BASS Nation; the Bass Federation; Concerned Citizens for America; Gavel Resources; Grand Canyon State Elec-tric Cooperative Association; the Rural Public Lands County Council; Shake, Rattle and Troll Radio; Sulfur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative; the Yuma County Chamber of Commerce; and countless citizens around the country who are tired of red tape and bureauc-racy holding up American energy pro-duction. 
I thank the chair and ranking mem-
ber for their tireless efforts on the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act, and I strongly sup-port H.R. 8. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Gosar-Bridenstine-Yoho amendment. 
Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I thank 
the gentleman for the amendment. 
We have talked to the Natural Re-
sources Committee staff. Obviously, that is something that Chairman B
ISHOP supports. 
This amendment does ensure the 
timely review for legal challenges of energy projects. It is a worthy amend-ment, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment to H.R. 8. 
This amendment is another example 
of pro-corporate, anti-environmental legislation designed by large corpora-tions to restrict access to the courts for the average citizen. 
The Gosar amendment ignores sepa-
ration of powers by telling the Federal courts how to do their job, restricting the type of relief a court can grant, and penalizing successful challenges brought under the Equal Access to Jus-tice Act. This, in turn, limits access to legal relief for those challenging gov-ernment decisions. 
Let’s say you are a farmer or a 
rancher or a landowner and you live adjacent to Federal land that is being leased out to an energy company for fracking and you are worried about what is going to happen to your drink-ing water, you are worried about the price of your house, and you are wor-ried about the health of your children. Well, this amendment will greatly interfere with your ability to challenge the decision of the Federal agency granting the permit. It will tie the hands of the courts in terms of decid-ing the case in a fair and just way. 
For nearly 70 years, the Administra-
tive Procedure Act, or APA, has served as the foundation for administrative agency action and ensures that agency action taking place in the rulemaking process is fair, efficient, and flexible enough to accommodate the myriad of agency actions it governs along with the challenges of daily life. 
Judicial review of agency action is a 
hallmark of the APA, and it is critical to ensuring that government action does not harm or adversely affect the public. The Gosar amendment would discard decades of wisdom and jurispru-dence preserving the right of judicial review. 
First, it would reduce the statute of 
limitations for judicial review of agen-cy action under the APA to 90 days. This is down from 6 years for most claims brought against the United States in cases involving onshore and offshore energy leasing, development, and transmission on Federal lands. 
This razor-thin window for review 
would effectively immunize govern-ment action involving energy projects from public accountability, allowing those agencies to opt out of our civil justice system. 
Second, the amendment limits a judi-
cial stay of final agency action by re-quiring courts to only consider wheth-er relief would be the least intrusive or narrowly drawn relief possible to cor-rect a violation. 
Courts, however, typically consider 
other things, such as where the public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.063 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8956 December 2, 2015 
interest lies. This sweeping limitation 
would dramatically interfere with the courts’ ability to provide relief, tilting the outcome against the public inter-est. 
Lastly, this amendment slams the 
door to the courthouse by prohibiting access to funds under the Equal Access to Justice Act. By enacting the Equal Access to Justice Act, Congress recog-nized that individuals and organiza-tions should not be deterred from chal-lenging unjustified governmental ac-tion simply because it costs too much. 
For three decades, veterans, seniors, 
persons with disabilities, small busi-nesses, and nonprofit organizations from across the ideological spectrum have relied upon the Equal Access to Justice Act to challenge illegal govern-ment action. This amendment would cripple the rights of those concerned or opposed to an energy project by pre-venting those who cannot afford to liti-gate a case against a big corporation from recovering fees, expenses, and court costs when they win. 
It is time for this Congress to stand 
up for everyday Americans. I urge my colleagues to stand for the rights of the individual and local communities and oppose this misguided amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1945 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, this 
amendment is simple. Either you are with American energy producers, or you are with overpaid, high-priced Washington, D.C., attorneys and ex-tremist special interest groups that are holding up American energy produc-tion. 
This amendment still allows the pub-
lic to seek assistance in Federal court and actually encourages that an up-or- down review of their legal challenges occur in a more timely manner. 
This amendment does not affect 
NEPA or environmental requirements whatsoever. All American energy pro-ducers will still have to go through the full environmental review and permit-ting process. As I mentioned earlier with regard to previous amendments, that process takes an average of 1,709 days to complete, and it allows public input from all Americans. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, you are with American people— farmers, ranchers, landowners, just regular, ordinary people—or you are with the Big Business corporations that are seeking to rape and pillage, on occasion, the land without any draw-back of having to be taken into the courthouse to deal with what they have done or with what they are about to do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, as I stat-
ed earlier, the amendment encourages an all-of-the-above energy strategy and has specific language that ensures the amendment applies to solar, natural gas, hydropower, clean coal, geo-thermal, oil, biomass, and any other 
source of energy that is produced on Federal lands. It actually embraces and supports those folks out there in Amer-ica; so I ask all of our folks to vote for the Gosar-Bridenstine-Yoho amend-ment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . UPTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, as the 
designee of Evan Jenkins, I offer amendment No. 29. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new title: 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 7001. STUDY TO IDENTIFY LEGAL AND REGU-
LATORY BARRIERS THAT DELAY, PROHIBIT, OR IMPEDE THE EXPORT OF NATURAL ENERGY RESOURCES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Natural 
Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the results of a study to— 
(1) identify legal and regulatory barriers 
that delay, prohibit, or impede the export of natural energy resources, including govern-ment and technical (physical or market) bar-riers that hinder coal, natural gas, oil, and other energy exports; and 
(2) estimate the economic impacts of such 
barriers. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, this 
amendment requires the Department of Energy and the Department of Com-merce to conduct a study regarding the legal and regulatory barriers that delay, prohibit, or impede the export of natural energy resources. 
This amendment instructs the De-
partment of Energy and the Depart-ment of Commerce to conduct this study to figure out which regulatory barriers may be prohibiting, delaying, or hindering the export of America’s natural resources, like coal and nat-ural gas, which come in the form of permitting requirements, the threat of litigation, regulatory red tape, market forces, and more. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment, which would require the Department of Energy and the Department of Com-merce to conduct a study on the legal and regulatory provisions that delay or prohibit the export of natural energy resources. 
This is another example, Madam 
Chair, of an amendment in search of a problem. The majority is, once again, making hyperbolic claims about the Federal Government blocking energy exports, but this is simply not true. 
To cite the example of LNG exports, 
the Department of Energy currently conducts a public interest review of all applications to export LNG to a coun-try without a free trade agreement with the United States. The DOE has established a record of acting expedi-tiously, and it has acted on all applica-tions that have completed the NEPA process. To date, the DOE has approved nine final authorizations on seven projects. So, to imply there is a barrier in this case is simply not true. 
Further, any so-called barrier usu-
ally has a specific purpose: for exam-ple, taking the time to ensure that public health is protected, that safety and environmental concerns are ade-quately evaluated, that the export of our natural resources is actually in the national interest, and that consumers are not adversely impacted. 
Finally, the amendment doesn’t de-
fine ‘‘barrier.’’ So would other agen-cies’ regulations, promulgated under other statutory authority, constitute a barrier? I am also not sure that the DOE and the Department of Commerce even have the appropriate expertise to assess these barriers. 
For these reasons, Madam Chair, I 
oppose this amendment as its being an unnecessary and vaguely defined study, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ROUZER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. ROUZER. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE ll—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. llll . REPEAL OF RULE FOR NEW RESI-
DENTIAL WOOD HEATERS. 
The final rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Per-
formance for New Residential Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and Forced-Air Furnaces’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 13672 (March 16, 2015) shall have no force or effect and shall be treated as if such rule had never been issued. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Mar 30, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\DEC 2015\H02DE5.REC H02DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8957 December 2, 2015 
a Member opposed each will control 5 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. ROUZER. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to offer an amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act. 
In early March of this year, the EPA 
published a final rule establishing new regulations for wood heaters. Manufac-turers and consumers across the coun-try are concerned about the negative impact of these new regulations. In es-sence, these new requirements will in-crease the cost to the point that wood heaters may very well be priced out of the marketplace. The best case sce-nario is that consumers will be paying more. Now, Madam Chair, neither is a good outcome. 
According to reports, 10 percent of 
U.S. households still choose wood heat-ers to keep their energy costs as low as possible. The number of households that rely on wood as their primary heating source—get this—rose by near-ly one-third from 2005 to 2012. 
It is important to note that several 
States have worked to protect their residents from the consequences of these new regulations. Wisconsin, Mis-souri, Michigan, Virginia, and my home State of North Carolina have all introduced or have passed legislation that prohibits their respective environ-mental agencies from enforcing these burdensome, unnecessary regulations. The reason is that they know the costs of additional regulations are always passed down to the consumers. 
Simply put, the Federal Government 
has no business telling private citizens how they should heat their homes. 
Think about all of the folks in the 
Midwest and the Northeast who are going to need and want a wood heater. After all, this is America. If you want to have the opportunity to buy a wood heater, you ought to have that oppor-tunity. It shouldn’t be priced out of the market. 
Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. I thank the 
gentleman from North Carolina. 
Madam Chair, the EPA has decided 
that 12 million wood-burning stoves in 2.4 million households across America need to be regulated. 
Back in the Eighth District of Mis-
souri, about 30,000 households use wood heat to warm their homes. Census data shows that households heating with wood grew 34 percent between 2000 and 2010 and that low- and middle-income households are much more likely to use wood as a primary heating fuel. A given home in my district is five times more likely to be heated with wood than is the national average. 
Constituents I talk with daily are 
sick of this administration’s war on rural America. Rules like these dis-proportionately hurt rural areas, which use much more wood heat than do urban or suburban environments: 57 percent of households that primarily 
use wood for heat are in rural areas; 40 percent are in the suburbs; and only 3 percent are in urban areas. Times are already tough enough back home. Folks should not be punished for their self-reliance and their forethought to take advantage of an abundant, eco- friendly fuel like wood. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
eliminating this rule and keeping af-fordable energy available to folks who need it the most. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, this 
amendment will delay the implementa-tion of the EPA’s important standards for residential wood heaters—finalized in February 2015—that will help im-prove air quality, especially in commu-nities where people burn wood for heat. 
The EPA updated these standards be-
cause the Clean Air Act requires the EPA to set new source performance standards for categories of stationary sources of pollution that cause or sig-nificantly contribute to air pollution that may endanger public health or welfare, and the law requires the EPA to review these standards every 8 years. 
The EPA issued the first NSPS for 
residential wood heaters in 1988. The Agency amended the standards once in 1998 to prohibit the sale of wood heat-ers to consumers if the manufacturer had used an invalid test to obtain EPA certification that the heater met NSPS requirements. The 1998 amendments did not change the emission limits in the original rule. This means the standards for wood heaters have not been updated in nearly 30 years. 
The EPA’s standards reflect signifi-
cant outreach to the public and inter-ested stakeholders, including consulta-tion with State, local, and tribal gov-ernments and a Small Business Advo-cacy Review Panel. 
The new standards will provide tre-
mendous health benefits by cutting harmful air pollution, including par-ticle pollution, carbon monoxide, and air toxics. Particle pollution causes a range of adverse health effects, includ-ing asthma, heart attacks, and stroke. 
The EPA estimates that the benefits 
of these standards will be up to $7.6 bil-lion annually. Put another way, for every dollar spent to manufacture cleaner wood heaters, we will see up to $165 in health benefits. So blocking this rule is fiscally irresponsible. 
Some may claim that this rule will 
require people who use wood heaters to replace the models they currently use, but this standard applies only to the new manufacturing of wood heaters. It does not require people to replace the heaters they have already purchased. Let me repeat that. The EPA is not going into anyone’s home and forcing one to replace a heater one currently has. The final rule also has a gradual 5- 
year phase-in to allow manufacturers time to adapt. 
If this amendment were to become 
law and if the EPA is unable to imple-ment these standards, manufacturers will be able to continue producing out-dated wood heaters that pose risks to our air quality and to our health. 
The EPA’s rule is a reasonable one 
that is long overdue. It has important benefits, and it should be allowed to be implemented; so I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, this is a 
commonsense amendment that has been put forward in order to address an onerous, unnecessary rule. My question is: What are we going to try to regulate next—fireplaces? It is next on the list, it seems to me. 
I ask for the support of this amend-
ment, and I thank my colleague from Missouri for being here to offer his words of support for the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
opposition to the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
OODALL ). 
The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new title: 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 7001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting 
Renewable Energy with Shared Solar Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 7002. PROVISION OF INTERCONNECTION 
SERVICE AND NET BILLING SERVICE FOR COMMUNITY SOLAR FACILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 111(d) of the Pub-
lic Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2621(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(20) C
OMMUNITY SOLAR FACILITIES .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) C OMMUNITY SOLAR FACILITY .—The term 
‘community solar facility’ means a solar photovoltaic system that— 
‘‘(I) allocates electricity to multiple indi-
vidual electric consumers of an electric util-ity; 
‘‘(II) has a nameplate rating of 2 
megawatts or less; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.140 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8958 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(III) is— 
‘‘(aa) owned by the electric utility, jointly 
owned, or third-party-owned; 
‘‘(bb) connected to a local distribution fa-
cility of the electric utility; and 
‘‘(cc) located on or off the property of a 
consumer of the electricity. 
‘‘(ii) I NTERCONNECTION SERVICE .—The term 
‘interconnection service’ means a service provided by an electric utility to an electric consumer, in accordance with the standards described in paragraph (15), through which a community solar facility is connected to an applicable local distribution facility. 
‘‘(iii) N
ET BILLING SERVICE .—The term ‘net 
billing service’ means a service provided by an electric utility to an electric consumer through which electric energy generated for that electric consumer from a community solar facility may be used to offset electric energy provided by the electric utility to the electric consumer during the applicable bill-ing period. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—On receipt of a re-
quest of an electric consumer served by the electric utility, each electric utility shall make available to the electric consumer interconnection service and net billing serv-ice for a community solar facility.’’. 
(b) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
(1) T IME LIMITATIONS .—Section 112(b) of the 
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7)(A) Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of this paragraph, each State regulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which the State has rate-making authority) and each nonregulated utility shall commence consideration under section 111, or set a hearing date for consid-eration, with respect to the standard estab-lished by paragraph (20) of section 111(d). 
‘‘(B) Not later than 2 years after the date 
of enactment of this paragraph, each State regulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which the State has rate-making authority), and each nonregulated electric utility shall complete the consider-ation and make the determination under sec-tion 111 with respect to the standard estab-lished by paragraph (20) of section 111(d).’’. 
(2) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 112(c) of the Pub-
lic Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(c)) is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘such paragraph (14)’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘paragraphs (16)’’ and inserting ‘‘such paragraph (14). In the case of the standard established by para-graph (15) of section 111(d), the reference con-tained in this subsection to the date of en-actment of this Act shall be deemed to be a reference to the date of enactment of that paragraph (15). In the case of the standards established by paragraphs (16)’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In 
the case of the standard established by para-graph (20) of section 111(d), the reference con-tained in this subsection to the date of en-actment of this Act shall be deemed to be a reference to the date of enactment of that paragraph (20).’’. 
(B) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Section 1254(b) of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 971) is amended by striking para-graph (2). 
(ii) T
REATMENT .—The amendment made by 
paragraph (2) of section 1254(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 971) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) is void, and section 112(d) of the Public Utility Regu-latory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(d)) shall be in effect as if those amendments had not been enacted. 
(3) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .— (A) I N GENERAL .—Section 112 of the Public 
Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .—Subsections 
(b) and (c) shall not apply to the standard es-tablished by paragraph (20) of section 111(d) in the case of any electric utility in a State if, before the date of enactment of this sub-section— 
‘‘(1) the State has implemented for the 
electric utility the standard (or a com-parable standard); 
‘‘(2) the State regulatory authority for the 
State or the relevant nonregulated electric utility has conducted a proceeding to con-sider implementation of the standard (or a comparable standard) for the electric utility; or 
‘‘(3) the State legislature has voted on the 
implementation of the standard (or a com-parable standard) for the electric utility.’’. 
(B) C
ROSS-REFERENCE .—Section 124 of the 
Public Utility Regulatory Policy Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2634) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of the stand-ard established by paragraph (20) of section 111(d), the reference contained in this sub-section to the date of enactment of this Act shall be deemed to be a reference to the date of enactment of that paragraph (20).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
b2000 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, my amendment is a great oppor-tunity to put solar power within reach of more families and small businesses across America. It amends the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 under which Congress directs States to consider adopting certain regulatory policies. 
My amendment directs States to con-
sider solar projects up to 2 megawatts in size to be connected to their power distribution system and that utilities allow the electricity produced by the community solar facility to be credited directly to each of the consumers that owns a share of the system, thus offset-ting the cost of the electricity that would normally be billed by the utility to the customer. 
Currently, 14 States and the District 
of Columbia have shared renewable policies in place. My amendment would encourage other States to consider im-plementing new policies to promote community solar projects. 
Mr. Chair, 49 percent of households 
are currently unable to host a photo-voltaic system because they do not own their building. They are renters or they do not have access to sufficient roof space, like high-rise buildings or multifamily buildings, or they live in buildings with too much shade or insuf-ficient roof space to host such a photo-voltaic system. 
It is also estimated that 48 percent of 
businesses are unable to host a solar array. So by opening the market to these customers, shared solar could represent as much as half of the dis-tributed photovoltaic market in 2020, 
adding an additional 5.5 to 11 gigawatts of solar capacity across our country. 
One good example is what is hap-
pening in central Florida. The Orlando Utilities Commission has developed central Florida’s first community solar farm. The community solar farm gives Orlando residential and small business customers access to sustainable, main-tenance-free solar energy without the hassles and costs associated with in-stalling panels on their home or busi-nesses. 
The 400-kilowatt array produces an 
average of 540,000 kilowatts annually, which is enough energy to meet the power needs of about 40 homes. This has great promise. It has great poten-tial for families and small businesses that we all represent across the coun-try. 
I would urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment requires States to consider electric utilities to allow community solar projects of up to 2 megawatts to connect to the electric grid. We do know that community solar is an ex-citing new technology that many com-munities and customers are seriously considering. 
I could say that I support the gentle-
woman’s community solar goals, but there are some concerns with the amendment. Namely, as drafted, it could violate some State electric serv-ice laws, while also potentially being redundant of Federal standards cur-rently imposed on States. 
But because it is not a mandate and 
uses PURPA for States to consider, which they are free to consider or re-ject, we can accept the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the chairman of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee for rec-ognizing the great promise and great potential for solar power for families and small businesses across the coun-try. I thank him for urging an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I also urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.069 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8959 December 2, 2015 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new title: 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 7001. STUDY OF VOLATILITY OF CRUDE OIL. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to Congress the results of a study to determine the maximum level of volatility that is consistent with the safest practicable shipment of crude oil by rail. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment requires the Depart-ment of Energy to study and report to Congress within 1 year the maximum level of volatility that is safe for trans-porting crude oil by rail. 
This commonsense improvement to 
the bill is a first step in addressing concerns of residents in districts like mine that, while it is heavily industri-alized, is also urbanized. The area that I represent has five oil refineries and two destination facilities for oil by rail. 
In 2008, oil traffic had increased over 
5,000 percent along rail routes leading from production zones in America to refineries and hubs along both coasts. As traffic increases, so does the risk of derailments to communities. Bakken crude oil is considered more volatile than other types of crude and has im-portant safety implications for all of us. 
The Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-
rials Safety Administration has issued safety alerts warning that crude oil being transported from this region may be more flammable than traditional heavy crude oil. In fact, heavy volatile crude oil from this region has been compared to jet fuel with flammable vapors that can ignite after a derail-ment. 
Several communities along rail lines 
have been forced to evacuate or sustain significant property and environmental damage after derailment. Unfortu-nately, there have been instances of se-vere injuries and some deaths resulting from these accidents. 
While the Obama administration has 
taken important steps to improve tank car standards, more must be done to ensure that Americans living near rail-ways are safe. This amendment re-quires DOE to determine the accept-able volatility for the safe transpor-tation of oil by rail. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port this commonsense amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, this amend-
ment requires the Department of En-ergy to study the maximum level of 
volatility that is consistent with the safest practical shipment of crude oil by rail. Every one of us here wants the safe transportation of all of our nat-ural resources. Rail transport is get-ting larger and larger. We need to make sure that it is safe. 
I think it is a worthy amendment. I 
would urge all my colleagues to sup-port the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of the DeSaulnier-Lowey- Garamendi amendment. At the outset, I want to thank my friend, the distin-guished chairman, for your wisdom in supporting this very important amend-ment. 
This year derailments in North Da-
kota, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia endangered lives, destroyed homes, and jeopardized waterways. 
We must protect those who live near 
America’s extensive rails, including my constituents in Rockland County, New York, where every week as many as 30 trains carry highly volatile Bakken crude oil past homes, schools, and businesses. 
In 2013, a freight train pulling 99 oil 
tanker cars collided with a truck in West Nyack, averting disaster because the cars were empty. This was not an isolated incident. Vehicles are fre-quently struck on train tracks that carry crude oil. Just last month a freight train collided with a car in Con-gers. We cannot afford to risk a ‘‘next time.’’ 
We need scientific information to de-
termine what volatility levels of crude oil can be safely shipped, which would be provided if this amendment passed, to protect those living near railways from the dangers associated with a crude oil derailment. 
I urge support of this amendment. I 
thank my colleague, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , 
and our chair again. It looks like we are going to see some important action on this very critical issue. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chair, I 
thank the chairman, the staff, and Mrs. L
OWEY . 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . DEUTCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 33 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new title: TITLE VII—MARINE HYDROKINETIC 
SEC. 7001. DEFINITION OF MARINE AND 
HYDROKINETIC RENEWABLE EN-ERGY. 
Section 632 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17211) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘electrical’’. 
SEC. 7002. MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEW-
ABLE ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
Section 633 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17212) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 633. MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEW-
ABLE ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the 
Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, shall carry out a pro-gram of research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application to accel-erate the introduction of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy production into the United States energy supply, giving priority to fostering accelerated research, development, and commercialization of tech-nology, including— 
‘‘(1) to assist technology development to 
improve the components, processes, and sys-tems used for power generation from marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy re-sources; 
‘‘(2) to establish critical testing infrastruc-
ture necessary— 
‘‘(A) to cost effectively and efficiently test 
and prove the efficacy of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy devices; and 
‘‘(B) to accelerate the technological readi-
ness and commercialization of those devices; 
‘‘(3) to support efforts to increase the effi-
ciency of energy conversion, lower the cost, increase the use, improve the reliability, and demonstrate the applicability of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies by participating in demonstration projects; 
‘‘(4) to investigate variability issues and 
the efficient and reliable integration of ma-rine and hydrokinetic renewable energy with the utility grid; 
‘‘(5) to identify and study critical short- 
and long-term needs to create a sustainable marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy supply chain based in the United States; 
‘‘(6) to increase the reliability and surviv-
ability of marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy technologies; 
‘‘(7) to verify the performance, reliability, 
maintainability, and cost of new marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy device de-signs and system components in an oper-ating environment; 
‘‘(8) to coordinate and avoid duplication of 
activities across programs of the Depart-ment and other applicable Federal agencies, including National Laboratories, and to co-ordinate public-private collaboration in all programs under this section; 
‘‘(9) to identify opportunities for joint re-
search and development programs and devel-opment of economies of scale between— 
‘‘(A) marine and hydrokinetic renewable 
energy technologies; and 
‘‘(B) other renewable energy and fossil en-
ergy programs, offshore oil and gas produc-tion activities, and activities of the Depart-ment of Defense; and 
‘‘(10) to support in-water technology devel-
opment with international partners using ex-isting cooperative procedures (including memoranda of understanding)— 
‘‘(A) to allow cooperative funding and 
other support of value to be exchanged and leveraged; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.066 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8960 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(B) to encourage international research 
centers and international companies to par-ticipate in the development of water tech-nology in the United States and to encour-age United States research centers and United States companies to participate in water technology projects abroad.’’. 
SEC. 7003. NATIONAL MARINE RENEWABLE EN-
ERGY RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND DEMONSTRATION CENTERS. 
Section 634(b) of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17213(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—A Center (in coordination 
with the Department and National Labora-tories) shall— 
‘‘(1) advance research, development, dem-
onstration, and commercial application of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies; 
‘‘(2) support in-water testing and dem-
onstration of marine and hydrokinetic re-newable energy technologies, including fa-cilities capable of testing— 
‘‘(A) marine and hydrokinetic renewable 
energy systems of various technology readi-ness levels and scales; 
‘‘(B) a variety of technologies in multiple 
test berths at a single location; and 
‘‘(C) arrays of technology devices; and ‘‘(3) serve as information clearinghouses 
for the marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy industry by collecting and dissemi-nating information on best practices in all areas relating to developing and managing marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy resources and energy systems.’’. 
SEC. 7004. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 636 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17215) is amended by striking ‘‘2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chair, H.R. 8, the 
North American Energy Security Infra-structure Act, was crafted to support the modernization of our Nation’s en-ergy infrastructure and the promotion of energy efficiency. 
The Deutch-Takai amendment builds 
on this legislation by supporting fur-ther development of one of our Na-tion’s clean, renewable energy sources, marine and hydrokinetic energy. 
This amendment reauthorizes the De-
partment of Energy’s marine and hydrokinetic research, development, and demonstration programs. This amendment would support the innova-tive work done by institutions across the country, including Florida Atlantic University in my district. I am so proud that FAU has been a leader in hydrokinetic energy, harnessing the clean power of our oceans to bring America one step closer to energy inde-pendence. 
FAU’s research being done along our 
pristine coasts in Broward County has already shown the tremendous poten-tial of hydrokinetic energy to produce reliable energy without endangering our beaches or oceans. 
These national marine renewable en-
ergy research, development, and dem-onstration centers will serve as infor-mation clearinghouses for the marine 
and hydrokinetic energy industry by providing best practices information on developing and managing these projects so that others can learn from the work being done nationwide and grow this important energy source. 
Marine and hydrokinetic energy 
projects generate energy from waves, currents, such as the gulf stream, and tides in the ocean and estuary or tidal areas. They also can generate energy from free-flowing water in rivers, lakes, or streams. 
Marine and hydrokinetic energy 
projects generate power without the use of a dam or the impoundment of water. Accordingly, the projects have minimal, if any, impact on the sur-rounding environment. 
The ocean waves, currents, and tides 
are a massive resource that have the potential to produce continuous clean energy. In fact, harnessing only 15 per-cent of the energy from U.S. coastal waves would produce as much elec-tricity as we currently produce from conventional hydroelectric dams. 
Moreover, it has been estimated that 
the amount of energy that could be produced from waves, currents, and tides along the U.S. coast could provide power to approximately 67 million homes. With more than 50 percent of our Nation’s population currently liv-ing within 50 miles of coastline, har-nessing the energy of ocean waves, cur-rents, and tides and transmitting the energy to our cities and neighborhoods is cost effective and practical. 
The Department of Energy has esti-
mated that hydrokinetic energy could provide up to 25 percent of our Nation’s power. The agency estimates that Cali-fornia, Washington, and Oregon could have up to 20 percent of their elec-tricity requirements generated from waves, while Hawaii and Alaska could have nearly all of their energy needs provided by marine hydrokinetic en-ergy. 
Currently, this still young and devel-
oping form of energy technology is in the process of being commercialized. 
In Maine, hydrokinetic devices that 
harness energy from the tides near Cobscook Bay have been connected to the electric grid and provide enough power for 25 to 30 homes. In Hawaii, a hydrokinetic device has become the first to be connected to the electric grid that harnesses energy from waves. 
These are the beginning steps toward 
commercializing this energy form, and it will enable them to become more widespread and provide power to the grids in our cities and communities. 
Importantly, this amendment will 
improve the efficiency of regulations impacting the licensing of marine and hydrokinetic projects. The amendment would provide clarity on the regula-tions that need to be satisfied for projects seeking a license and the agencies involved in reviewing the li-censing process so that innovative projects don’t get caught up in needless bureaucracy. Marine and hydrokinetic will provide 
a continuous and a clean source of en-ergy. This amendment would support and promote continued investment in research and development of hydrokinetic projects that work to harness power from ocean waves, cur-rents, and tides, as well as our Nation’s rivers, lakes, and streams. It would also improve the regulatory barriers that slow the licensing process for these projects. 
Marine and hydrokinetic energy is a 
source of energy we need to continue to develop, improve, and connect to the grid to provide our cities and commu-nities with the electricity that they need. 
I thank my colleague from Hawaii, 
Congressman T
AKAI, for all of his work 
in support of marine and hydrokinetic power and for his support of this amendment. 
I strongly urge support for the 
Deutch-Takai amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I would say 
that I am convinced that this is a good amendment, and I will be in support of the amendment. 
We have many Members, particularly 
C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS on our com-
mittee, who are strong supporters of hydropower. 
b2015 
This amendment promotes the re-
search, development, and demonstra-tion of marine hydrokinetic energy technologies and improves the regu-latory process for such programs. As such, we support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 34 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE ll—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. ll. SMART METER PRIVACY RIGHTS. 
(a) E LECTRICAL CORPORATION OR GASCOR-
PORATIONS .— 
(1) For purposes of this section, ‘‘electrical 
or gas consumption data’’ means data about a customer’s electrical or natural gas usage that is made available as part of an advanced metering infrastructure, and includes the name, account number, or residence of the customer. 
(2)(A) An electrical corporation or gas cor-
poration shall not share, disclose, or other-wise make accessible to any third party a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.068 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8961 December 2, 2015 
customer’s electrical or gas consumption 
data, except as provided in subsection (a) (5) or upon the consent of the customer. 
(B) An electrical corporation or gas cor-
poration shall not sell a customer’s elec-trical or gas consumption data or any other personally identifiable information for any purpose. 
(C) The electrical corporation or gas cor-
poration or its contractors shall not provide an incentive or discount to the customer for accessing the customer’s electrical or gas consumption data without the prior consent of the customer. 
(D) An electrical or gas corporation that 
utilizes an advanced metering infrastructure that allows a customer to access the cus-tomer’s electrical and gas consumption data shall ensure that the customer has an option to access that data without being required to agree to the sharing of his or her personally identifiable information, including electrical or gas consumption data, with a third party. 
(3) If an electrical corporation or gas cor-
poration contracts with a third party for a service that allows a customer to monitor his or her electricity or gas usage, and that third party uses the data for a secondary commercial purpose, the contract between the electrical corporation or gas corporation and the third party shall provide that the third party prominently discloses that sec-ondary commercial purpose to the customer. 
(4) An electrical corporation or gas cor-
poration shall use reasonable security proce-dures and practices to protect a customer’s unencrypted electrical or gas consumption data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. 
(5)(A) Nothing in this section shall pre-
clude an electrical corporation or gas cor-poration from using customer aggregate electrical or gas consumption data for anal-ysis, reporting, or program management if all information has been removed regarding the individual identity of a customer. 
(B) Nothing in this section shall preclude 
an electrical corporation or gas corporation from disclosing a customer’s electrical or gas consumption data to a third party for system, grid, or operational needs, or the im-plementation of demand response, energy management, or energy efficiency programs, provided that, for contracts entered into after January 1, 2016, the utility has required by contract that the third party implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal in-formation from unauthorized access, de-struction, use, modification, or disclosure, and prohibits the use of the data for a sec-ondary commercial purpose not related to the primary purpose of the contract without the customer’s consent. 
(C) Nothing in this section shall preclude 
an electrical corporation or gas corporation from disclosing electrical or gas consump-tion data as required or permitted under State or Federal law or by an order of a State public utility commission. 
(6) If a customer chooses to disclose his or 
her electrical or gas consumption data to a third party that is unaffiliated with, and has no other business relationship with, the elec-trical or gas corporation, the electrical or gas corporation shall not be responsible for the security of that data, or its use or mis-use. 
(b) L
OCAL PUBLICLY OWNED ELECTRIC UTILI-
TIES.— 
(1) For purposes of this section, ‘‘electrical 
consumption data’’ means data about a cus-tomer’s electrical usage that is made avail-able as part of an advanced metering infra-structure, and includes the name, account number, or residence of the customer. (2)(A) A local publicly owned electric util-
ity shall not share, disclose, or otherwise make accessible to any third party a cus-tomer’s electrical consumption data, except as provided in subsection (b) (5) or upon the consent of the customer. 
(B) A local publicly owned electric utility 
shall not sell a customer’s electrical con-sumption data or any other personally iden-tifiable information for any purpose. 
(C) The local publicly owned electric util-
ity or its contractors shall not provide an in-centive or discount to the customer for ac-cessing the customer’s electrical consump-tion data without the prior consent of the customer. 
(D) A local publicly owned electric utility 
that utilizes an advanced metering infra-structure that allows a customer to access the customer’s electrical consumption data shall ensure that the customer has an option to access that data without being required to agree to the sharing of his or her personally identifiable information, including electrical consumption data, with a third party. 
(3) If a local publicly owned electric utility 
contracts with a third party for a service that allows a customer to monitor his or her electricity usage, and that third party uses the data for a secondary commercial pur-pose, the contract between the local publicly owned electric utility and the third party shall provide that the third party promi-nently discloses that secondary commercial purpose to the customer. 
(4) A local publicly owned electric utility 
shall use reasonable security procedures and practices to protect a customer’s unencrypted electrical consumption data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure, and prohibits the use of the data for a secondary commercial purpose not related to the primary purpose of the contract without the customer’s con-sent. 
(5)(A) Nothing in this section shall pre-
clude a local publicly owned electric utility from using customer aggregate electrical consumption data for analysis, reporting, or program management if all information has been removed regarding the individual iden-tity of a customer. 
(B) Nothing in this section shall preclude a 
local publicly owned electric utility from disclosing a customer’s electrical consump-
tion data to a third party for system, grid, or operational needs, or the implementation of demand response, energy management, or energy efficiency programs, provided, for contracts entered into after January 1, 2016, that the utility has required by contract that the third party implement and main-tain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the in-formation, to protect the personal informa-tion from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. 
(C) Nothing in this section shall preclude a 
local publicly owned electric utility from disclosing electrical consumption data as re-quired under State or Federal law. 
(6) If a customer chooses to disclose his or 
her electrical consumption data to a third party that is unaffiliated with, and has no other business relationship with, the local publicly owned electric utility, the utility shall not be responsible for the security of that data, or its use or misuse. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would establish minimum privacy standards for smart meters on 
people’s homes which are part of the smart electric grid. 
According to the U.S. Energy Infor-
mation Administration, as of 2013, nearly 52 million smart meters have al-ready been installed in the United States. This amendment would pro-hibit locally publicly owned electric utilities, electrical corporations, or gas companies from sharing, disclosing, or otherwise making accessible to any third party a customer’s electrical or gas consumption data. 
It would also require these utilities 
to use reasonable security procedures and practices to protect the customer’s unencrypted electrical and gas con-sumption data from unauthorized ac-cess, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the 5 minutes in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. And I will use my time 
to support the amendment. 
This amendment does establish min-
imum privacy standards for smart me-ters. I think it is a smart amendment, brilliant, and it needs to be adopted. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 35 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE llOTHER MATTERS 
SEC. llll . YOUTH ENERGY ENTERPRISE COM-
PETITION. 
The Secretaries of Energy and Commerce 
shall jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineer-ing, and math, especially as those fields re-late to energy. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I just want to 
take a moment, Mr. Chairman, as we have been debating important energy issues on the floor of the House, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.067 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8962 December 2, 2015 
offer my deepest sympathy to the fami-
lies who have lost loved ones in San Bernardino and hope that we will come together as a country and find solu-tions to this terrible tragedy. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank you for giving 
me the opportunity to introduce this amendment because it talks about the goodness of this Nation and the won-derment of our youth. My amendment particularly is called the Youth Energy Enterprise Competition. It asks the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce to jointly establish an energy enter-prise competition to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interests and careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially those fields that re-late to energy. 
As a member of the United States 
Congress, I have had the privilege of being on the Congressional Award Board that provides medals to young people across the country for their pub-lic service, for their volunteerism. I can see when they come to Washington the excitement and the future of this Nation. 
I truly believe that the future of this 
Nation is in energy independence. Eco-nomic growth, national security, ex-panding opportunities, and diversifying the energy sector workforce are crit-ical issues we must invest our time and talent in. 
Across America, colleges, community 
colleges, high schools, and middle schools are talking about science, tech-nology, engineering, and math. We are trying to introduce our children to the wonders of science, technology, engi-neering, and math. 
I do it by introducing my young peo-
ple to NASA, NASA Johnson, inviting them down to the space center and watching their eyes open in amaze-ment, or my annual Toys for the Kids effort, a big Christmas party, and the most popular entity is the astronaut and the space exhibit. So I know it is in our children. 
My amendment is consistent with 
the administration’s commitment to promoting our national economic and homeland security interests and em-powering our youth. It asks the Secre-taries of the Energy and Commerce De-partments to develop a challenge so that our young people can compete with their ideas about the energy chal-lenges of America. 
It is a good approach to getting ideas 
to those of us who are policymakers or maybe even to the world of the energy industry, from those in Silicon Val-ley—and when I say that, dealing with high tech—to the hard-nosed energy in our Midwest, and certainly down to Houston, Texas, where we are dealing with LNG, natural gas, and oil and looking for new ways to produce that product in a safe and environmentally secure way. 
I think this competition will bring 
forth new ideas, excited young people, maybe starting from elementary or middle school, certainly working with 
young people in high school and re-warding them for their talent. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a number of 
pictures from my district. One exhibits a community garden but really is teaching young people about soil and the idea of how you raise trees and dealing with the science of farming. Then you have them also dealing with a drone, knowing the technology of that and using it in a good way. 
I have faith in America’s youth, and 
I believe that this amendment will help us bring to the forefront their talent and bright new ideas to make this Na-tion the kind of strong and powerful nation that we know it is but, more importantly, using the genius of our youth to face the 21st century energy challenges. 
I ask my colleagues to support my 
amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the 
desk. 
It is listed in the Committee Report as Jack-
son Lee #35. 
Let me express my appreciation to Chair-
man U
PTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE for 
their leadership and commitment to American energy infrastructure development, security, independence and economic growth. 
I also wish to thank Chairman S
ESSIONS , 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER , and the mem-
bers of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment #35. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to 
explain my amendment, which provides: 
YOUTH ENERGY ENTERPRISE COMPETITION  
The Secretaries of Energy and Commerce 
shall jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to encourage youth to propose so-lutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in ca-reers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially, as those fields relate to en-ergy. 
Mr. Chair, American energy independence, 
economic growth, national security, and ex-panding opportunities and diversifying the en-ergy sector workforce are critical issues we must invest our time and talent in. 
But we can diversify the energy sector only 
if we encourage our youth to be interested in energy related fields, which will position our nation as the leader in the 21st century. 
H.R. 8 seeks to continue to modernize en-
ergy infrastructure, help our nation build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplo-macy, promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability. 
As the Member of Congress from Houston, 
the energy capital of the nation, I am always looking to support energy policies that not only make our nation more energy independent and create jobs but one that also invests in the future of America: our youth. 
According to the Department of Education, 
16 percent of American high school seniors are proficient in math and interested in a STEM career. 
We need to improve on getting more youth 
interested in and excited about careers in STEM. 
My Amendment seeks to inspire youth and 
create opportunities for youth to become ex-cited about careers in the energy industry and to pursue energy related educational degrees 
in the STEM industry. 
The Administration and our nation as a 
whole must remain committed to inspiring, educating and equipping the next generation of Googles, Amazons, Twitters and Facebooks of the energy sector. 
In today’s world, one only need look at all 
the technology we need to get by in our day to day dealings to understand the impact of STEM on our lives. 
Toddlers now have hand-held tablets to 
watch their cartoons such as Pepper the Pig and Thomas the Train, owing to innovation in technology and exposure to technology. 
Similarly, in the science, technology, engi-
neering and math fields as it relates to energy, young people can be the solution to some of the challenges faced by our nation, but only through preparedness. 
Indeed, educating our youth in Science, 
Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields is central to U.S. economic competitiveness and growth. 
According to a PEW Research Report, 
countries like Hong Kong, Singapore and Tai-wan are leading the way in the globe in edu-cating and preparing their youth in STEM. 
My Amendment seeks to propel U.S. youth 
so that they surpass their peers in the global community. 
Specifically, this Amendment directs the 
Secretaries of Energy and Commerce to jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially as those fields relate to energy. 
We need to prepare tomorrow’s leaders for 
the competitive world of energy independence, security and infrastructure building. 
Part of our long-term strategy ought to be to 
stimulate and promote innovation among young people to meet tomorrow’s sure de-mand for adequate supply of a qualified work-force in the STEM fields, specifically as it re-lates to energy. 
Mr. Chair, my Amendment will create the 
space and nurture the platform to develop our young people’s ability to think deeply about the energy challenges of our nation and the role they can play in coming up with solutions. 
A youth energy enterprise competition can 
be the breeding ground for future innovators, educators, researchers, and leaders in the en-ergy sector who can solve the most pressing challenges facing our nation and our world, both today and tomorrow. 
For all these reasons, I urge my colleagues 
to join me and support Jackson Lee Amend-ment #35. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the 5 minutes in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. UPTON. But there is no way I 
could oppose this amendment, let me just say from the beginning. 
This amendment directs the Secre-
taries of Energy and Commerce to jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engi-neering, and math, especially as those fields related to energy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.152 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8963 December 2, 2015 
I heard from one of my heroes today, 
Dean Kamen, probably the best inven-tor of our time. He has, on his own, started just a wonderful program em-ploying hundreds of thousands of youth all around the country, all around the world, a competition called FIRST Ro-botics, to really get high school and middle school students invested in looking at the science of so many dif-ferent things in competitions that I participated in. 
My Governor, Rick Snyder, who was 
in town tonight, was honored as I think the number one guy in the Nation ear-lier this year in Michigan. We are going to have the national competition in Detroit, I want to say, in 2 years. But I have been at the regional com-petition for this, and where kids and mentors and companies are invested, this is the future of science in so many different things. 
This is a great amendment. I would 
urge all my colleagues to vote for it. I know that, as I look at my friendship with Dean Kamen, he will probably never talk to me again if I oppose the amendment. It is a great amendment. It should have been done as part of our committee mark. 
I look forward to working with the 
Education committees and appropri-ators to make sure that it is funded. It is a good thing. I would urge all my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman from Michigan. I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ). 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to thank my colleague from Texas for coming up with such a great program for young people. Listening to her and her sense of optimism about the future, I think that is what we need 
to encourage with our young people. I was so pleased to see that the chair-man of our committee also supports it. 
I would like to lend my support and 
urge the amendment’s adoption. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. If I may, Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank Mr. U
PTON  
for his enthusiasm. 
Dean Kamen is a hero of all of us. As 
I said, the greatest joy that I have seen in my young people when I invite them out is going to NASA Johnson out in Houston and, as well, when I bring the astronauts either to their schools or, more importantly, when NASA goes out to the schools. But when I have this big Christmas party, Santa Claus comes, but I will tell you that the as-tronauts are enormously popular. 
I want to thank Mr. P
ALLONE , as 
well, for being committed to the en-ergy and the dreaming and the inspira-tion and talent of our young people. That is what this amendment is about. I hope we can work together to find the funding but, more importantly, to get our young people engaged. I think they will have a lot of answers. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 36 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE ll—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. llll . MODERNIZATION OF TERMS RELAT-
ING TO MINORITIES. 
(a) O FFICE OF MINORITY ECONOMIC IMPACT .— 
Section 211(f)(1) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7141(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘a Negro, Puerto Rican, American Indian, Eskimo, Oriental, or Aleut or is a Spanish speaking individual of Span-ish descent’’ and inserting ‘‘Asian American, African American, Hispanic, Puerto Rican, Native American, or an Alaska Native’’. 
(b) M
INORITY BUSINESS ENTERPRISES .—Sec-
tion 106(f)(2) of the Local Public Works Cap-ital Development and Investment Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6705(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Negroes, Spanish-speaking, Orientals, Indi-ans, Eskimos, and Aleuts’’ and inserting ‘‘Asian American, African American, His-panic, Native American, or Alaska Natives’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New York. 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, this bipartisan 
amendment is simple. It seeks to strike the term ‘‘Oriental’’ from Fed-eral law in the last two remaining in-stances it is used to refer to a person within the Federal law. 
I thank my colleague and my friend, 
Chairman R
OYCE , for cosponsoring this 
amendment with me. 
Mr. Chair, in the same way, I would 
not want either of my children to be referred to as ‘‘Oriental’’ by their teacher at school, I hope we can all agree that the term ‘‘Oriental’’ no longer deserves a place in Federal law. 
Toward that end, this amendment 
strikes the offensive term from 42 U.S.C. 7141 and 42 U.S.C. 6705, two sec-tions of Federal law written in the 1970s that fall under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
Congress once found it appropriate to 
pass laws such as the Chinese Exclu-sion Act and the Geary Act, but we also found it appropriate to repeal them. Times change. What is accept-able changes, and this Congress more often than not yields to that change. 
Mr. Chair, I call on my colleagues to 
join me in striking the legal use of out-dated terms that many in the commu-nity would find offensive. I thank the Committee on Rules for making this amendment in order. I thank the chair-
man for allowing me time to speak on what is an important issue to my dis-trict, and I thank, again, Mr. R
OYCE for 
his support and his cosponsorship of this amendment. 
I urge support for the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, but again, I strongly support this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I am de-
lighted that Ms. M
ENGbrought this to 
our attention. Mr. R OYCE is a very dear 
friend. I know we all share the same thoughts. I also want to just thank P
ETESESSIONS , chairman of the Com-
mittee on Rules, for making this amendment in order. I would urge all my colleagues to support the amend-ment and appreciate it being offered tonight. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
gentleman for his kind words. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak 
in support of the amendment to H.R. 8 intro-duced by my colleague, the Gentlewoman from New York, Representative M
ENG. 
Racism and discrimination has no place in 
America today. We are a nation of immigrants that is proud of its diversity. 
And when we get the chance, we should 
correct the mistakes of the past. That is what this amendment is about. The Federal Code still contains language on ethnicity that is anti-quated and inappropriate. Our society has pro-gressed a great deal in the last 100 years. It is time for us to do the same to our Federal Code. 
This amendment eliminates outdated, dis-
respectful terms from federal law and replaces them with terms, such as ‘‘Asian American,’’ ‘‘Alaska Natives,’’ and ‘‘Hispanic,’’ that are more appropriate for our times and in keeping with our values. 
Deleting inappropriate terms from usage in 
the U.S. Code is a simple means of dem-onstrating respect for our nation’s diversity, and it will have no effect on the underlying federal laws. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 37 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new title: 
TITLE VII—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 7001. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall not take effect until the En-
ergy Information Administration has ana-lyzed and published a report on the carbon impacts of the provisions of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.153 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8964 December 2, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, de-
spite original efforts to pass a bipar-tisan bill to address some of our energy infrastructure needs, H.R. 8 has become an attempt by the Republican Party to create backward-facing legislation that replaces many good provisions with legislation that would continue to re-ward polluters and contribute to our climate change issue. 
b2030 
In yesterday’s debate on the CRAs, 
we heard time and again that climate change is not a priority for Repub-
licans because they are more concerned with the economy and jobs. 
Unlike the rhetoric that they would 
have us believe, a good economy and sound environmental policies are not mutually exclusive. We have actually experienced a boost in the economy under the Clean Air Act. 
However, climate change is having a 
real effect on our communities, from more frequent extreme weather events, like Hurricane Sandy, to the extreme drought in California, to the floods ex-perienced in Florida. The emotional and economic tolls of these events have been great and will continue to in-crease the longer this Congress ignores these pressing issues. 
Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to 
ignore climate change and disseminate misinformation. We are putting our-selves on a track towards irreparable damage. 
Climate change and energy are inex-
orably linked. Each are a facet of the other. Energy is the source of 84 per-cent of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, and any energy bill has a large impact on the direction of energy investment. 
To that end, it is critical that legis-
lation that is focused on developing U.S. energy policy move the country on the right path by helping to reduce carbon pollution, not to increase it. It is imperative that U.S. energy policy promote clean forms of energy and help make all energy use more efficient. 
A necessary step to understanding its 
potential impact on emissions is to have the energy bill scored before it is enacted, and my amendment would do just that. The energy bill would be sub-mitted to the Energy Information Ad-ministration, who would determine the overall short- and long-term impacts of the bill on U.S. greenhouse gas emis-sions: the Climate Pollution Score. The bill should not be enacted until such an analysis is complete. 
Mr. Chairman, we know that the 
higher levels of greenhouse gases will continue to perturb our climate and impact public health. The responsible choice is to ensure that we are not con-tributing to the problem. 
As Members of this Congress, it is 
our responsibility to protect the inter-ests of Americans, which includes pro-
tecting Americans from the dev-astating effects of climate change while we still can. This amendment will allow us to do just that by giving us necessary information to analyze the effects of this legislation. 
So I strongly urge my colleagues to 
vote to protect Americans by voting for this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. This amendment, as 
properly stated, would provide that the bill should not take effect until the En-ergy Information Administration has done a study and prepared a report on the carbon impacts of the provision. 
So, in essence, it would delay imple-
mentation of the bill indefinitely. And we believe that that would be a diver-sion, as the focus of this bill is to mod-ernize our energy infrastructure and ensure access to affordable, reliable en-ergy in a strong economy as fast as we can. 
An economy based on reliable, afford-
able energy provides the means for the prosperity for future generations and the economic strength to respond and adapt to future challenges. It is par-ticularly true when it comes to risks of climate change, whether natural or man-influenced. 
The bill promotes technological inno-
vation; the development of resilient, efficient energy infrastructure; and a strong economy to withstand climate events, regardless of the causes. Delay-ing the measures in this bill denies the public a direct path to a stronger, more resilient energy infrastructure and greater economic growth. 
Because of those reasons, I would 
urge my colleagues to vote against my friend’s amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The score that I am asking for that 
would be done by the Energy Informa-tion Administration would not indefi-nitely delay the bill. They have the ability to do the scoring. 
This is an independent agency within 
the Energy Department that was cre-ated on a bipartisan basis. It is non-partisan. It collects energy data for the United States. And once the score was attributed, the bill could move for-ward. 
But the point is we need to know 
what the impact is going to be on the environment, on air pollution, and on climate change. 
I think that my concern, of course, is 
that this legislation was scored nega-tively, and that is the reason why I think we need to have a score. It is cer-tainly not going to delay the bill in-definitely, as was suggested by the chairman. I urge a vote in favor of this amend-
ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 38 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 3007. REPORT ON SMART METER SECURITY 
CONCERNS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to Congress a report on the weaknesses in currently available smart me-ters’ security architecture and features, in-cluding an absence of event logging, as de-scribed in the Government Accountability Office testimony entitled ‘‘Critical Infra-structure Protection: Cybersecurity of the Nation’s Electricity Grid Requires Continued Attention’’ on October 21, 2015. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
First of all, I appreciate the chair-
man and ranking member bringing this bill to us. 
As we know and the title indicates, 
this is about energy security. Well, my amendment is very simple and direct. We are urging and specifically direct-ing that the Secretary of Energy study the potential cybersecurity weakness in smart meters and to report back on this in 1 year. 
So the first question is: What is a 
smart meter? For the consumer, it is that little box outside your air condi-tioner or by the panel. It provides sav-ings to the consumer, and to the util-ity provider, it is about providing that secure, reliable electricity at a com-petitive price. 
But these meters were designed back 
before the world as we know it today. Now we have to think of things very differently and think of them before they happen. 
So what are the risks? A GAO official 
revealed the vulnerability in these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.157 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8965 December 2, 2015 
smart meters. There are approximately 
40 million to 50 million of these meters that are already installed in hospitals, churches, homes, and in industry that could potentially be a target for hack-ers. That is why we should be con-cerned. 
The CIA report spoke about that ma-
licious activity against IT systems and power systems overseas. Our society has become so reliant on the very elec-tricity that we are standing under today that those who would do damage to our country might have a vulnera-bility here. And we need to act before they do. This is why I bring this amendment forward. 
I started out as an electrician many 
years ago, so I understand the power side of it. I sit on the Emerging Threats Subcommittee. I hear those threats each and every day. We have to make sure that we keep our homes, our businesses, and, most importantly, our military safe. 
We are talking about damaged equip-
ment and potentially massive black-outs, not just like the ones we had in New York almost a decade ago but po-tentially taking down our entire grid. 
Smart meters are now part of the 
fabric of what we do day in and day out. This amendment very carefully identifies those vulnerabilities. I would urge members to support this. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition, but I support the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. UPTON. This is the second smart 
amendment that is part of this. Both are good. We adopted the Grayson amendment a little while ago. It was a good amendment. 
This amendment directs the Sec-
retary of Energy to study weaknesses in the security architecture of certain smart meters currently available and promulgate regulations to mitigate those weaknesses. 
We want every home to be safe, abso-
lutely. We need to take all those steps, whether it be people’s individual bill-ing, whatever it might be. It is a good amendment. As I told Mr. G
RAYSON , it 
is brilliant, smart. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s amend-
ment, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. NORCROSS. I certainly appre-
ciate the support. This is just one of many items that we have to look for-ward to before those who want to do us harm. So I appreciate it, and I urge the passing of this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. A
LLEN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
WOODALL , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century en-ergy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy effi-ciency and government accountability, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
SYRIAN REFUGEES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
WOODALL ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, al-
though there are apparently those in the media that think it is fun to belit-tle people who express their great sym-pathy, thoughts, and prayers for the victims and their families out in San Bernardino, California, right now, those of us who care do extend our thoughts and prayers for those people. 
We don’t know quite yet who the per-
petrators were. I think this is impor-tant, as we have been talking about Syrian refugees quite a bit the last few weeks, and the President’s intention to bring Syrian refugees into this coun-try. 
Our friend, Senator J
EFF SESSIONS , 
provided a list of 12 vetted refugees from areas where we actually had ma-terial, where we had information. Un-like the Syrian refugees, the FBI and Homeland Security felt they had plen-ty of information to vet these individ-uals, did vet them, thoroughly checked them out, and then brought them into the country. 
This article from Neil Munro is dated 
November 24, 2015. He mentions: 
‘‘Senator Jeff Sessions is out with a 
list of 12 vetted refugees who quickly joined jihad plots to attack the United States. 
‘‘He’s spotlighting the refugees- 
turned-jihadis because he’s trying to prod GOP leaders into halting Con-gress’ normal practice of giving the President huge leeway to import for-eign migrants and refugees into the United States.’’ 
It goes on: ‘‘Obama says the new ref-
ugees will be vetted. But top security officials say the Syrians can’t be vet-ted because the U.S. doesn’t know what they were doing in Syria before they applied for refugee status.’’ 
b2045 
The article goes on: 
‘‘Besides, many of the jihad attempts 
in the United States are launched by the children of Muslim refugees and 
migrants. That list include the two Chechen brothers who bombed the Bos-ton Marathon, and Anwar al-Awlaki who was killed by a U.S. missile strike when he fled to Yemen after the 9/11 atrocity. That means the Americans’ federal government is actively import-ing national-security problems that will eventually cost billions of dollars to manage, but cannot be eliminated.’’ 
And this list only covers 2015. There 
may be many more from 2015. There are certainly many more from prior years. 
But here are just some of the individ-
uals that this administration com-pletely vetted, made sure they were not a threat to the United States and our people, and, yet, brought them in only to find they were and are terror-ists. 
On January 29, 2015, in the United 
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, a Federal warrant was unsealed for the arrest of Liban Haji Mohamed—a native of Somalia who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee, adjusted to lawful permanent resident status, and subsequently and applied for and re-ceived citizenship. 
‘‘Mohamed is believed to have left 
the U.S. on July 5, 2012, with the intent to join Al-Shabaab in East Africa. Mohamed previously lived in the metro D.C. area and worked as a cab driver, and is believed to have snuck across the border to Mexico after being placed on the no-fly list. Carl Ghattas, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI’s Wash-ington, D.C. Field Office, emphasized the importance of locating Mohamed: ‘Because he has knowledge of the Washington, D.C., area’s infrastructure such as shopping areas, Metro, air-ports, and government buildings, this makes him an asset to his terrorist as-sociates who might plot attacks on U.S. soil.’’’ One refugee. 
Second refugee: On February 5, 2015, 
a native of Somalia came to the United States as a refugee. And this was done under the Bush administration. Abdinassir Mohamud Ibrahim came at the age of 22, in 2007, and then was later adjusted to lawful permanent resident status. 
But, on February 5, he was sentenced 
to 15 years in federal prison for con-spiring to provide material support to Al-Shabaab, a designated foreign ter-rorist organization. He lied on his ap-plication for citizenship, lied on his re-quest for refugee status, and falsely claimed—these are what he was con-victed of and charged with—falsely claiming that he was a member of the minority Awer clan in Somalia and subject to persecution by the majority Hawiye clan. However, Ibrahim was ac-tually a member of the clan that was the persecutor and not the persecuted. That was Mr. Abdinassir Mohamud Ibrahim. 
Also, in Missouri, Abdullah Ramo 
Pazara, a native of Bosnia, came to the United States as a refugee, completely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.160 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8966 December 2, 2015 
vetted, adjusted to lawful permanent 
resident status, was made a citizen in 2013, 5 years into the President’s ad-ministration. 
He has been named in an indictment 
with five other individuals as a ter-rorist. He is thought to be dead, but the others listed provided material sup-port to Pazara who allegedly left the United States to go to Syria and fight with ISIS just 11 days after becoming a U.S. citizen. 
Then there is also Ramiz Zijad 
Hodzic. A native of Bosnia, he is a pur-ported Bosnian war hero who came to the United States as a refugee. He is charged with conspiring to provide ma-terial support and resources to terror-ists and providing material support to terrorists. 
You also have this year Sedina Unkic 
Hodzic, wife of Ramiz Zijad Hodzic, also a native of Bosnia. She came to the U.S. as a refugee. She is charged this year with conspiring to provide material support and resources to ter-rorists and providing support to terror-ists. 
Then you have Armin Harcevic. He 
came to the United States as a refugee from Bosnia and subsequently had that adjusted to lawful permanent resident status. He is charged with providing material support to terrorists. He col-lected money from third parties and wired it and his own funds to terror-ists. 
Then you also have Nihad Rosic, a 
native of Bosnia, who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee. He applied for and was granted citizen-ship and has been charged with con-spiring to provide material support and actually providing material support to terrorists. 
He is a truck driver and a former 
mixed martial arts fighter. He pre-viously had been charged with endan-gering the welfare of a child after punching a woman in the face while she held a child. In a separate incident, he was charged with assault after al-legedly beating his girlfriend. But, ap-parently, nothing came of those charges until he was charged with sup-porting terrorism. 
Mediha Medy Salkicevic, a native of 
Bosnia, came to the United States as a refugee, applied for and was granted citizenship, was also charged with con-spiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists and providing that support to terrorists. 
Salkicevic was formerly an employee 
with a cargo company that deals with items coming in and out of Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport, another refugee alleged by this administration to now be a terrorist. 
Jasminka Ramic, a native of Bosnia, 
came as a refugee, applied for and was made a citizen, was charged with con-spiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists and providing that support to terrorists by this ad-ministration. 
You have got Abdurahman Yasin 
Daud, born in a refugee camp in Kenya. He came to the United States as a ref-
ugee when he was a child and was sub-sequently adjusted to a lawful perma-nent resident, has been charged with conspiracy to attempt to provide mate-rial support to ISIS. He and another in-dividual are alleged to have driven from Minnesota to San Diego to at-tempt to get passports, cross the bor-der in Mexico, and fly to Syria. 
Also, this year you have Guled Ali 
Omar, born in a Kenyan refugee camp. He came to the United States as a ref-ugee. The United States gave him citi-zenship. This administration has charged him with conspiracy and at-tempting to provide material support to ISIS. 
Another one of his brothers, 
Mohamed Ali Omar, was convicted in March of threatening Federal agents when they came to the residence to interview Guled Omar. 
The U.S. Attorney for the District of 
Minnesota said that Omar ‘‘never stopped plotting’’ and had previously attempted to leave the United States, another one of the refugees turned U.S. citizen, all the while, at least part of the time, a terrorist. 
And then also this year, in August, a 
native of Uzbekistan, Fazliddin Kurbanov, came as a refugee in 2009, was found guilty on charges he con-spired and attempted to provide mate-rial support to a designated foreign ter-rorist organization and possessed an unregistered destructive device. 
U.S. Assistant Attorney General 
John Carlin stated that he conspired to provide material support to the Islamic movement of Uzbekistan and procured bomb-making materials in the interest of perpetrating a terrorist attack on American soil. 
According to press reports, Kurbanov 
began his life as a Muslim, supposedly faced persecution when his family con-verted to Christianity and came to the United States with his family as a ref-ugee, and, as it turned out, he is Is-lamic and radicalized. 
So it is interesting. This administra-
tion assures us we have nothing to fear, nothing to be concerned about. I am not afraid, but I am concerned about the oath that every one of us take. 
We are supposed to provide for the 
common defense in this country. It is an obligation we have. I think it is the most important obligation we have. We are supposed to protect the Constitu-tion against all enemies, foreign and domestic. 
As Andrew McCarthy pointed out 
this past week in one of his articles on National Review Online, it should be important not merely to check to see if we have any information about an indi-vidual wanting to come here as a ref-ugee or gaining a visa, however they intend to come, illegally, as millions have, more are every day. 
It would be important to ask not 
simply is this person a terrorist right now, but it would also be important to ask: Are you one of the two-thirds or so that have been reported to be in the United States or wanting to come into 
the United States as a Muslim who be-lieves that Shari’ah law should replace the Constitution? 
Because, if those reports are accu-
rate, that two-thirds of the Muslims here believe Shari’ah should replace the Constitution, and they are immi-grants and they become citizens, then it means that they absolutely perjured themselves in their oath. 
That should be grounds for revoking 
their citizenship. And if it can’t be used as such, we need to make sure it is used as such by what we do here in Congress. 
In the meantime, we have heard Ben 
Rhodes and so many others say: Oh, yeah. No. The FBI, Homeland Security, are going to be able to vet everybody really well. 
FBI Director Comey has made clear 
publicly—regardless of what he said privately, that does not change any-thing he said publicly. Publicly he has made clear: Yeah. We will vet them. But when you tell us their names, we have nothing to either verify or dis-prove what they have said. 
We have got nothing. We don’t have 
any records from Syria. We don’t know if they are even from Syria. We don’t know. We don’t have the information to vet them. 
FBI had more information to vet peo-
ple coming from Iraq, and we know that they missed a couple of terrorists that were in Kentucky that were al-lowed in. I think it was 2009. And it turns out they just missed that their fingerprints—at least one of them—was on an IED in Iraq. The guy is a ter-rorist. 
b2100 
So despite what this administration 
tries to assuage, the borders are open. We have Syrian refugees that the President is bringing into the United States, even when Governors say: We understand you can’t vet these people, so you are not bringing them into our States. 
I see this afternoon that the Gov-
ernor of my State, Greg Abbott, has sued the administration because the administration has made clear: We don’t care what you think, we don’t care that you are Governor of your State, and we don’t care about the 10th Amendment. We say we are putting Syrian refugees in Texas, and there is nothing you can do about that. 
Mr. Speaker, that kind of reminds me 
of the kind of things that King George and his bureaucrats used to say before the Revolution. When King George de-cided he would put his British soldiers anywhere he wanted to and there was nothing the people here could do about it, he would put them in their houses. He didn’t care what it did to their property values. He didn’t care any-thing about that. We don’t need a revo-lution. We just need to have Congress hold the President accountable for his administration’s lawlessness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.162 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8967 December 2, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, the President has got to 
secure our borders. He is putting Amer-ican lives at risk every day. He is put-ting American lives further at risk since we know now we routinely have people that are completely vetted by the FBI, Homeland Security, and it turns out they are terrorists. The Tsarnaev brothers, even after Russia warned the CIA and the FBI that this guy, this older brother, has been radicalized, the FBI talked to him. He said: I am not radicalized. It is not his exact words. You talk to his mother, she said: No, he is a good boy. And then he went and killed people at the Boston Marathon with his brother. 
If we can’t even stop people when we 
are alerted that they are terrorists, how in the world does this President and this administration think they are going to keep the American people safe? 
The report here, December 1, Tom 
LoBianco with CNN, said: ‘‘President Barack Obama’s former top military intelligence official said Tuesday that the White House ignored reports pref-acing the rise of ISIS in 2011 and 2012 because they did not fit their reelec-tion ‘narrative.’ 
‘‘‘I think they did not meet a nar-
rative the White House needed. And I’ll be very candid with you, they just didn’t,’ retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, the former head of the Defense Intel-ligence Agency . . . ‘I think the nar-rative was that al Qaeda was on the run, and Osama bin Laden was dead . . . they’re dead and these guys are, we’ve beaten them,’ Flynn said, but the problem was that despite how many terrorist leaders they killed they ‘con-tinue to just multiply.’ 
‘‘Obama has been criticized by oppo-
nents for referring to ISIS as the ‘JV squad’ and apparently underestimating the group’s threat.’’ 
Well, Mr. Speaker, since we know the 
President has underestimated ISIS as a threat, clearly underestimated them, and there is no clear strategy to deal with them, what makes us think that this administration is going to do a better job of vetting potential terror-ists coming into this country and un-derestimating them the way they have so many other refugees that have been brought into the country? 
Another article from Jim Hoft, De-
cember 2, 2015, quoting the President: ‘‘Yes. He really said this. 
‘‘‘You go down to Miami and when 
it’s flooding in high tide on a sunny day, the fish are swimming through the middle of the streets.’’’ 
The Wall Street Journal reported the 
same thing, the same quote. But The Wall Street Journal reported: ‘‘We go down to Miami with some frequency and have never seen any such thing. And believe us, we know how to troll.’’ 
But the President can find fish in the 
streets of Miami that nobody else seems to see, but he can’t seem to no-tice how wide open our border is, what a threat to our security it is, and what a threat refugees are who we cannot determine who they are, where they 
came from, what they did, if they kill people, if they are terrorists. He didn’t see any of that. 
There was a report from today, 4:20 
actually, from Adam Kredo from freebeacon.com: ‘‘More than 179,000 il-legal immigrants convicted of commit-ting crimes, including violent ones, continue to roam free across the United States, with reports indicating that these illegal immigrants commit new crimes ‘every day,’ according to lawmakers and the director of the Im-migration and Customs Enforcement agency, also known as ICE. 
‘‘Sarah Saldana, ICE’s director, dis-
closed to Congress on Wednesday that the agency is apprehending and remov-ing fewer illegal immigrants than in past years. 
‘‘Somewhere around 179,029 ‘undocu-
mented criminals with final orders of removal’ from the United States cur-rently remain at large across the coun-try and are essentially untraceable, ac-cording to Sen. Chuck Grassley, chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, who disclosed these numbers during a Wednesday hearing. 
‘‘The total number of criminal illegal 
immigrants in the United States is in the millions. 
‘‘Illegal immigrant criminals are 
known to be committing new crimes ‘every day,’ according to Sen. Jeff Ses-sions, another member of the com-mittee. 
‘‘Focus on the threat of criminal ille-
gal aliens comes amid a wider national debate on immigration to the United States and the threat posed by poten-tial terrorists and other criminals. 
‘‘The Washington Free Beacon dis-
closed in August that the Obama ad-ministration had been keeping secret the release of violent criminal illegal immigrants and only began notifying local law enforcement agencies about this within the last several months. 
‘‘The administration is continuing a 
policy of hiding information about this issue, as ‘several administration offi-cials informed the committee they were unable to testify because the hearing wasn’t ‘‘in response to a par-ticular crisis,’’’ Grassley said. 
‘‘Saldana revealed at the hearing 
that somewhere between 30,000 and 40,000 illegal immigrants previously convicted of crimes have been released from custody in recent years due to legal restrictions on how long the agency can detain an individual.’’ 
Here is a quote from Saldana. She 
said: ‘‘‘Whether it’s a result of pro-tracted appeals or refusal of a country to accept its nationals back, this deci-sion accounts for somewhere between 30,000 and 40,000 convicted criminal alien releases in recent years’ . . . not-ing that the number has dropped over time. 
‘‘Lawmakers remain concerned that 
the Obama administration is dragging its feet when it comes to taking action to deport criminal illegal immigrants. While President Obama has vowed that this would be a priority for his admin-
istration, these criminals continue to be released into the United States. 
‘‘‘Many criminals remain in our com-
munities,’ Grassley said. ‘When will enough be enough? Even those with violent criminal histories aren’t being removed as promised . . . American citizens are paying the price while law enforcement officers are instructed to look the other way.’ 
‘‘There have been ‘thousands of vic-
tims’ of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and ‘many of the agency’s own officers are unable to do the job they signed up to do,’ Grassley said. 
‘‘The Obama administration is re-
moving fewer total illegal immigrants from the United States than it was just a few years ago, according to Senator Sessions. 
‘‘‘Not only are total removals down, 
but the number of removals of criminal aliens from the interior of the United States, the so-called priority, has de-creased significantly,’ he said. ‘The reason for this decrease is not because there are fewer criminal aliens in the U.S. today than just a few years ago, there are hundreds of thousands of known criminal aliens in the United 
States.’ 
‘‘‘New crimes are committed every 
day by criminal aliens, so while we’re not seeing a decrease in crimes com-mitted across this country, we are see-ing a decrease in removals of criminal aliens,’ Sessions said. 
‘‘This cannot be blamed on a lack of 
financial resources, Sessions said, as Congress has increased funding. Still, deportations have plummeted and the administration is ‘doing substantially less with substantially more.’ 
‘‘‘Our goal should be to keep 100 per-
cent of all criminal aliens out of the United States ....  There’s nothing 
wrong or controversial about such a policy.’ 
‘‘Saldana confirmed that ‘overall ap-
prehensions on the border are declin-ing’ and the agency’s ‘removal numbers are lower than they have been in re-cent years.’ 
‘‘However, she maintained that the 
administration is removing ‘at a great-er proportion’ dangerous criminals. 
‘‘Of the 235,000 deportations, 59 per-
cent of them were convicted criminals, according to Saldana . . . Yet she said, ‘there are also times when despite our best efforts’ criminal illegal immi-grants ‘get released from our cus-tody.’’’ 
An article today from Dianne Solis, 
Tom Benning, and Brandi Grissom: 
‘‘The State of Texas is suing the fed-
eral government and the International Rescue Committee, after the New York-based aid agency announced plans to resettle Syrian refugees in Dallas later this week over the strong and repeated objections of Gov. Greg Abbott. 
‘‘The State Health and Human Serv-
ices Commission, filed on Wednesday the suit in U.S. District Court, saying those groups worked to resettle ‘refu-gees in Texas without consulting with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.164 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8968 December 2, 2015 
Texas or working in close cooperation 
with the Commission.’ 
‘‘The agency, citing ‘reasonable con-
cerns about the safety and security of the citizenry of the State of Texas’ is seeking a temporary retraining order. 
‘‘‘We have been working diligently 
with the International Rescue Com-mittee to find a solution that ensures the safety and security for all Texans, but we have reached an impasse and will now let the courts decide.’’’ 
That is Health and Human Services 
spokesman Bryan Black. 
Tonight at 6:30, I got this article 
from Tanya Somanader, President Obama on the shooting in San Bernardino. Here is the transcript of the President’s comments. This is in an interview with CBS that President Obama spoke about the ongoing situa-tion in California—going on right now—and the unacceptable pattern of mass shootings the U.S. is facing. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just parentheti-
cally insert before reading his quote, we don’t know who these shooters are yet. We don’t know. We don’t know their reason for doing what they did. I mean, some on the left have already tried to report that it was right by a Planned Parenthood facility when that was a mile away, trying to do whatever they can to try to avert responsi-bility—any responsibility—that the ad-ministration has. We have seen Kathryn’s Law come about because Kathryn was shot in California in a sanctuary city that protected people who were illegally in this country and criminals like the one that shot Kath-ryn. And this administration protects sanctuary cities and lets them con-tinue to just ignore Federal law. The lawlessness of this administration seems to know no bounds. If lawless-ness breeds lawlessness, then the law-lessness of this administration has put this country in severe jeopardy. 
b2115 
But here is what the President said, 
part of his quote from this evening, about the shooting in California. And I am quoting the President. 
‘‘And for those who are concerned 
about terrorism, some may be aware of the fact that we have a no-fly list where people can’t get on planes, but those same people who we don’t allow to fly could go into a store right now in the United States and buy a firearm, and there’s nothing that we can do to stop them. That’s a law that needs to be changed.’’ 
The President, the entire time he has 
been in office, has tried to subvert the Second Amendment to our United States Constitution and our Bill of Rights. He has tried every which way he can, whether using Social Security laws or all kinds of ways, to take away Americans’ Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. 
As we see that the administration 
has been knowingly allowing criminals into this country illegally and allowing refugees to come into this country that were terrorists and even finding out, 
getting word that there were people who have become terrorists and not taking action to stop the death that followed, how dare anyone allow people to come into the United States ille-gally, knowing that there are some criminals coming in with people that are coming in illegally, knowing that there are criminals in the United States that this administration has al-lowed to be released after they have committed crimes. 
And then coming to the point now 
today where he says, you American citizens are going to have to give up your Second Amendment rights to keep and bear arms because I have al-lowed so many people who are terror-ists in here and we don’t want terror-ists to get guns. That is an outrage. It should not be allowed to stand against any kind of legitimate reasoning. 
You can’t bring people into this 
country that are a threat to the coun-try and then, because all these people are here and they might get a gun, you are going to keep law-abiding people from getting guns. That is wrong, and it has to be stopped. 
I hope and pray our Congress will 
stand up and stop the lawlessness and say, we are not letting you bring more refugees into this country that will have some terrorists within their group, as you have already done, and then tell us we have to give up our con-stitutional rights because you brought terrorists into the country that may want to go buy a gun. Shame on you. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
LLEN ). Members are advised to avoid 
engaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C UELLAR (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today and tomorrow. 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a med-
ical appointment. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill and joint resolutions of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1170. An act to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S.J. Res. 23. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
S.J. Res. 24. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection 
Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emis-sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 3, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3590. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim rule — Oranges and Grape-fruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-15-0035; FV15-906-1 IR] received De-cember 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3591. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim rule — Domestic Dates Pro-duced or Packed in Riverside County, Cali-fornia; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-15-0034; FV15-987-1 IFR] received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3592. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Walnuts Grown in Cali-fornia; Increased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-15-0026; FV15-984-1 FR] received De-cember 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3593. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Livestock, Poultry, and Seed Program, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Soybean Pro-motion and Research: Amend the Order To Adjust Representation on the United Soy-bean Board [Doc. No.: AMS-LPS-15-0016] re-ceived December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3594. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — User Fees for Agricultural Quarantine and Inspection Services [Docket No.: APHIS-2013-0021] (RIN: 0579-AD77) re-ceived December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3595. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Specialty Crops Program, Promotion and Economics Division, Agricultural Mar-keting Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s termination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE7.165 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8969 December 2, 2015 
of proceeding — Hardwood Lumber and Hard-
wood Plywood Promotion, Research and In-formation Order; Termination of Rule-making Proceeding [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-11- 0074; PR-A1, A2, B and B2] received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3596. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Stanley E. Clarke III, Air National Guard of the United States, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
3597. A letter from the Special Inspector 
General, Office of the Special Inspector Gen-eral for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (SIGTARP), transmitting the Program’s Quarterly Report to Congress for the period ending October 28, 2015, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5231(i); to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
3598. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s report entitled ‘‘A Clear Vision for the Future of Juvenile Justice, 2013 An-nual Report’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 5617; Public Law 93-415, Sec. 207 (as added by Pub-lic Law 100-690, Sec. 7255); (102 Stat. 4437) and 42 U.S.C. 5773(a)(6); Public Law 93-415, Sec. 404(a)(6) (as amended by Public Law 113-38, Sec. 2(b)); (127 Stat. 527) and 42 U.S.C. 3796ee- 8(b); Public Law 90-351, Sec 1808(b) (as added by Public Law 107-273, Sec. 12102(a)); (116 Stat. 1867); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3599. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Government Relations, Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Implementa-tion of Uniform Administrative Require-ments, Cost Principles, and Audit Require-ments for Federal Awards (RIN: 3045-AA61) received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3600. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Artificially Sweetened Fruit Jelly and Arti-ficially Sweetened Fruit Preserves and Jams; Revocation of Standards of Identity [Docket No.: FDA-1997-P-0007 (formerly Docket No.: 1997P-0142)] received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
3601. A letter from the Program Analyst, 
NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Stand-ards; Electronic Stability Control Systems for Heavy Vehicles [Docket No.: NHTSA- 2015-0056] (RIN: 2127-AK97) received Novem-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3602. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was Declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3603. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Burma that was de-clared in Executive Order 13047 of May 20, 
1997, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3604. A letter from the Board Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s semiannual report for the period of April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3605. A letter from the Chairwoman, Fed-
eral Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s semiannual report to Congress for the period April 1, 2015, through Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3606. A letter from the Chairman, National 
Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the Endowment’s semiannual report for the pe-riod of April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3607. A letter from the Acting Chair, Occu-
pational Safety and Health Review Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2015 Performance and Accountability Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3608. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-
covery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Delmarva Peninsula Fox Squirrel From the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWS- R5-ES-2014-0021; FXES11130900000; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AY83) received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3609. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish In the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area; Correction [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE223) received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3610. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-4207; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-123-AD; Amendment 39-18304; AD 2015-21-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3611. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0498; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-152-AD; Amendment 39-18305; AD 2015-22-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3612. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-4205; Directorate Identifier 
2015-NM-149-AD; Amendment 39-18301; AD 2015-21-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Novem-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3613. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0783; Amendment No.: 97-1337] (RIN: 2120- AA65) received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3614. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0574; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-258- AD; Amendment 39-18315; AD 2015-22-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3615. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation (Type Certificate Previously Held by Schweizer Aircraft Corporation) [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 1008; Directorate Identifier 2013-SW-064-AD; Amendment 39-18317; AD 2015-23-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3616. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Placida, FL [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 2890; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASO-8] received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3617. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule, correction — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Mis-souri Towns: Chillicothe, MO; Cuba, MO; Farmington, MO; Lamar, MO; Mountain View, MO; Nevada, MO; and Poplar Bluff, MO [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0842; Airspace Docket NO.: 15-ACE-2] received November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3618. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Burbank, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1140; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AWP-5] re-ceived November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3619. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Canada Lim-ited Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4345; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02DE7.000 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8970 December 2, 2015 
Directorate Identifier 2015-SW-049-AD; 
Amendment 39-18306; AD 2015-22-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3620. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; GA 8 Airvan (Pty) Ltd Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1123; Directorate Identifier 2014-CE-037-AD; Amendment 39- 18308; AD 2015-06-02 R2] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3621. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fiberglas-Technik Rudolf Lindner GmbH & Co. KG Gliders [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-3300; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-024- AD; Amendment 38-18309; AD 2015-22-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received November 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3622. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH Gliders [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3224; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-CE-026-AD; Amendment 39-18290; AD 2015-20-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3623. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Extension of the Prohibi-tion Against Certain Flights in the Sim-feropol (UKFV) and Dnipropetrovsk (UKDV) Flight Information Regions (FIRs) [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0225; Amdt. No.: 91-331B] (RIN: 2120-AK78) received November 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3624. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1658; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NE-18-AD; Amendment 39-18320; AD 2015-23-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived November 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3625. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only notice — Publication of the Tier 2 Tax Rates for 2016 received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
3626. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Additional Rules Regarding Inver-sions and Related Transactions [Notice 2015- 79] received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3627. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
rule — Section 529A Interim Guidance Re-garding Certain Provisions of Proposed Reg-ulations Relating to Qualified ABLE Pro-grams [Notice 2015-81] received December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3628. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Increase in De Minimis Safe Harbor Limit for Taxpayers Without an Applicable Financial Statement [Notice 2015-82] re-ceived December 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3629. A letter from the Chief Privacy Offi-
cer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Privacy Of-fice 2015 Annual Report to Congress, pursu-ant to 6 U.S.C. 142(a)(6); Public Law 107-296, Sec. 222(5); (116 Stat. 2155); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 546. Resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–360). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself and Mr. 
CONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 4152. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to clarify liability pro-tections regarding emergency use of auto-mated external defibrillators; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
(for herself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , and Mrs. L OWEY ): 
H.R. 4153. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to establish a pilot pro-gram to test the impact of early interven-tion on the prevention, management, and course of eating disorders; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. 
R
OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 4154. A bill to direct the President to 
submit to Congress a time frame for the transfer of certain naval vessels to Taiwan pursuant to section 102(b) of the Naval Ves-sel Transfer Act of 2013, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 4155. A bill to require the Center for 
Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to test the effect of including telehealth services in Medicare health care delivery reform mod-els; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. 
E
LLISON , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. M ENG, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL ): 
H.R. 4156. A bill to ensure equal access for 
HUBZone designations to all tax-paying small business owners; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 4157. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide tax incentives to meet the needs of the American manufac-turing workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself and Ms. 
L
EE): 
H.R. 4158. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to reinstate the ability-to- benefit eligibility; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 4159. A bill to limit the fees charged 
by the National Archives and Records Ad-ministration to veterans for military service records, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California, and Mr. 
NOLAN ): 
H.R. 4160. A bill to amend the Rural Elec-
trification Act of 1936 to increase regional telecommunications development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. G
RIF-
FITH, Mr. M ASSIE , and Ms. G ABBARD ): 
H.R. 4161. A bill to amend the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to require the consent of parties to contracts for the use of arbitration to resolve controversies arising under the contracts and subject to provisions of such Act and to preserve the rights of servicemembers to bring class ac-tions under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself and Ms. 
M
ATSUI ): 
H.R. 4162. A bill to promote the domestic 
development and deployment of clean energy technologies required for the 21st century; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI (for himself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. 
SERRANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. 
RANGEL ): 
H.R. 4163. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to make pre-mium and cost-sharing subsidies available to low-income Medicare part D beneficiaries who reside in Puerto Rico or another terri-tory of the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02DE7.000 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8971 December 2, 2015 
By Mr. STEWART (for himself, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Ms. F OXX, and Mr. A MODEI ): 
H.R. 4164. A bill to prohibit certain Federal 
agencies from using or purchasing certain firearms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-
self, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. P ITTS, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
CRAMER , and Mr. S MITH of Texas): 
H. Res. 545. A resolution calling for an end 
to the abuse of the Standing Rules of the Senate and to improve the debate and con-sideration of legislative matters; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. L AN-
GEVIN ): 
H. Res. 547. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of December 3, 2015, as the ‘‘National Day of 3D Printing’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 4152. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 4153. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause—Article 1, Section 
8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. SHERMAN: 
H.R. 4154. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 4155. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 4156. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 4157. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. GIBSON: 
H.R. 4158. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 4159. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 4160. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office there-of. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 4161. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, the reported bill is authorized by Congress’ power to ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces.’’ 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 4162. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States (clauses 1, 2, and 18), which grants Congress the power to provide for the general welfare of the United States; to bor-row money on the credit of the United States; and to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 4163. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the terri-tories of the United States, as enumerated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-stitution. 
By Mr. STEWART: 
H.R. 4164. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 86: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 158: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER and Mr. 
DENT. 
H.R. 188: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 258: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 358: Mr. K INDand Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 402: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 721: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 731: Mr. G OWDY . H.R. 814: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 879: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 911: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 953: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 980: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 986: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1076: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1188: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. M UR-
PHYof Pennsylvania, and Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. D OLDand Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1220: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 1283: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1284: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1411: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1421: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1652: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 2032: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. R EED, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
COFFMAN , and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2148: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 2209: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 2264: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
DESANTIS , and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2555: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 2653: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2715: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. C LARK  
of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 2775: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2866: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2880: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2902: Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
AGUILAR , and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3068: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 3229: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 3235: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3381: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 3411: Ms. E STYand Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 3652: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3690: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 3691: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3719: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3766: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 3784: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3791: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. H UD-
SON, and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 3802: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 3815: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 3832: Miss R ICEof New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02DE7.100 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8972 December 2, 2015 
H.R. 3845: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 3869: Mr. T HORNBERRY and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3880: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 3932: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT 
of Georgia, and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 3952: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3981: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 4007: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 4012: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 4016: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 4018: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. J OLLY , and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 4019: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 4026: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 4032: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. 
PITTENGER . 
H.R. 4043: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 4058: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah and Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR . H.R. 4075: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 4086: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 4087: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 4088: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S IRES, and 
Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 4122: Mr. V ELA, Mr. F INCHER , and Mr. 
STIVERS . 
H.R. 4126: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
PITTENGER , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 4135: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. C ON-
YERS . 
H.R. 4141: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 4144: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. P ERRY . 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
BARR, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Geor-gia, Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. A LLEN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. N EWHOUSE , and 
Mr. Y OHO. 
H. Con. Res. 98: Mr. T EDLIEUof California 
and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H. Res. 112: Mr. R ICHMOND and Mr. 
LOEBSACK . 
H. Res. 265: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
EDWARDS , and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H. Res. 394: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H. Res. 467: Mr. H ONDA and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H. Res. 518: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H. Res. 534: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H. Res. 544: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and 
Mr. G OHMERT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE7.019 H02DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8247 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 2015 No. 174 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O Lord, our God, merciful and holy, 
clear away from our lives anything that would hinder Your providential purposes. 
Enter the hearts of our Senators, 
guiding them with Your truth. May Your truth fill them with hope and faith even when they seem surrounded by exasperating experiences. Supply them with what they need to persist and endure in spite of obstacles. Lord, provide them with creative thoughts and energy to accomplish Your will on Earth, even as it is done in Heaven. Give them the integrity to say what they mean and mean what they say. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
JOHNSON ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
ObamaCare is a direct attack on the middle class of our country. It is a par-tisan law that puts ideology before peo-ple, that hurts many of the very Amer-icans it was supposed to help. It re-sulted in millions of cancellation no-tices for hard-working Americans who 
had plans they liked and who had done nothing wrong. It raised premiums, it raised copays, and it raised deductibles and taxes for Americans who were al-ready struggling. It restricted choice and access to doctors and hospitals for patients in need. 
We see the pain and the hurt of this 
law all across the country. We see it where we live. In my home State of Kentucky, health costs have spiked. ObamaCare first caused tens of thou-sands of Kentuckians to lose the health care plans they were promised they 
could keep during the first year of im-plementation, then victimized 50,000 more when the Commonwealth’s much- vaunted ObamaCare co-op completely collapsed. ObamaCare has also contrib-uted to Kentucky hospitals being forced to cut jobs, reduce wages, and even shut down altogether. 
Some in Washington may have 
cheered when a Democratic adminis-tration in Frankfort poured one-quar-ter of a billion dollars of tax money into Kentucky’s ObamaCare exchange or when our Democratic Governor con-fidently declared it an ‘‘undisputed fact’’—this is what he said: an ‘‘undis-puted fact’’—that ObamaCare’s Medi-care expansion had added 12,000 jobs to Kentucky’s economy. But like so much of ObamaCare, it was just another bro-ken promise. Those jobs numbers were not an undisputed fact at all; they were just projections, and they failed to ever materialize. Health care jobs have ac-tually declined in Kentucky. They did not go up; they declined. 
Today, few of those ObamaCare 
cheerleaders are cheering anymore. Nearly 80 percent of Kentucky’s enroll-ees were simply shoehorned into an al-ready-broken Medicaid system, and many of the remaining 20 percent found themselves stuck with unaffordable ObamaCare coverage. 
Listen to what this mom from Breck-
inridge County wrote to say: 
My family is being pushed out of the mid-
dle class by the Obamacare law. How can we pay almost $1,200 a month on health insur-
ance? 
Listen to what this father of two 
boys from Owensboro wrote to tell me: 
Before the Affordable Care Act, we paid 
around $100 bi-weekly for the family plan. That has now increased to $235 during the same timeframe. It seems these days there is no incentive to work. We are punished for working hard and trying to provide for our children while others are encouraged to not further themselves because if they do they would be in our particular situation. What happened to being rewarded for working hard in America? What happened to the American dream? 
This Kentucky dad is not the only 
one wondering this; Americans across the country continue to demand a bet-
ter way forward. Americans made that clear last November. Kentuckians made that doubly clear again last month. 
This is simply the reality. Democrats 
cannot deny it. They cannot deny it. They can try to deny it. Democrats can again dismiss Americans’ real-life ex-perience as lies. Democrats can con-tinue to lecture Americans about their supposed inability to understand just how great ObamaCare has been for them. But Americans are intimately familiar with the painful reality of ObamaCare. 
Americans want a fresh start. Ameri-
cans want to see Washington build a bridge away from ObamaCare and to-ward better care for them. That is what the bill before us would do. It is something every Senator should sup-port, Republicans and Democrats alike. Democrats may have forced this law on the middle class. Democrats may own the pain they have caused across the country, especially in States like Ken-tucky. But it is not too late for our Democratic colleagues to work with us to build a bridge to better care. This is their chance and President Obama’s chance to begin to make amends for the pain and the hurt they have caused. 
For all of the broken promises, for all 
of the higher costs, for all of the fail-ures, this is America’s chance to turn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.000 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8248 December 2, 2015 
the page and write a new and more 
hopeful beginning. This is our chance to work toward a healthier and more prosperous future, with true reform that moves beyond the failures of a broken law. 
f 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE NEW 
CONGRESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
another matter, in the past few days I have noted some of the achievements of a new Congress that is back to work on the side of the American people. We have passed bills no one ever thought Washington could touch. We have made reforms that have previously lan-guished for years without result. Even more remarkably, we have often done so on a bipartisanship basis. 
Consider just the bills I have men-
tioned already: 
A landmark, bipartisan education 
bill that would take decisionmaking away from distant Federal bureaucrats in order to empower parents and teach-ers instead. The pundits said we would never pass it. We did, 81 to 17. 
A breakthrough, bipartisan highway 
bill that would finally provide States and local governments the kind of cer-tainty they need to focus on longer term road and bridge projects. After years of short-term extensions, this long-term highway bill passed the new Senate 65 to 34. 
A milestone, bipartisan cyber secu-
rity bill that would protect the per-sonal information of people we rep-resent by defeating cyber attacks through the sharing of information. The issue languished in previous Con-gresses, but this Senate passed it with 74 votes. 
Today, I would like to mention an-
other important bill this new Congress has passed. It is hard for many Ameri-cans to believe that human traf-ficking—modern-day slavery—can hap-pen where they live, but it does right here in our country. It happens in all 50 of our States. In Kentucky alone, the Commonwealth has been able to iden-tify more than 100 victims since they began keeping relevant records in 2013. This kind of abuse often begins around the age of 13 or 14. 
The victims of modern slavery de-
serve a voice. They deserve justice. After years of inaction, the new Con-gress was determined to give them both. Of course, there was an unfore-seen impediment, to put it mildly, to getting this bill done, but success was possible because the new majority kept its focus on facts, on substance, and on good policy for the people who have al-ways remained our focus throughout the debate, the victims of modern slav-ery. 
The bill we ultimately passed with 
strong bipartisan support, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, rep-resents a vital ray of hope for the countless victims of modern slavery who need our help. Victims groups and advocates told us that this human rights legislation would provide un-
precedented support to domestic vic-tims of trafficking. They urged the Congress to pass it. We did. The Presi-dent signed it into law as well. It proves that with unwavering compas-sion and unbowed determination— something Senator C
ORNYN knows a 
thing or two about—justice can pre-vail. I am grateful to him and so many other Senators for working so hard to ensure that it ultimately did. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act was another important step forward for our country. It is another example of what we can achieve in a new Congress that is back to work for the American people. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—H.R. 427 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk due a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
WORK OF THE SENATE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-
lican leader comes to the floor vir-tually every day and talks about this great new Senate. 
He talked about the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act. We tried to do that many times. It was blocked by Republicans. That is why it was not done before. 
Highways. We tried valiantly to do 
something on highways, but all we could ever get, because of the obstruc-tion of the Republicans, was short- term extensions. 
Cyber security. My friend the Repub-
lican leader comes to the floor and talks about, we got cyber security done. We got it done. It is not a great bill. It is better than nothing. But we tried for years—5 years. Every time we tried, it was blocked by Republicans. 
One of the newspapers here has a 
Pinocchio check. They look at the facts and analyze them, and they can give up to four Pinocchios, meaning people simply did not tell the truth. 
So I want to remind everybody here 
that I am happy to participate in get-ting something done with the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act, led by, on our side, the senior Senator from Washington. We were able to get that done because of her good work and others. It was not because we did not try before. We could not get it done be-fore because of the obstruction of the Republicans. 
This is the most unproductive Senate 
in the history of the country, and there are facts and figures to show that. So we are not going to be awarding Pinocchios here based on the state-ments of my friend the Republican leader, but everyone should understand there are different ways of presenting the facts. It is always best to present facts that are accurate. He said, for ex-ample, that bills—TSA, highways, and cyber—languished in the Senate. That is true, because of Republican filibus-ters. We tried to pass those bills in the last two Congresses. They were blocked by Republicans. We are now helping pass legislation, and that is our job. The job of Republicans was to oppose everything President Obama wanted, and that is, in fact, what was done. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, on 
ObamaCare, one newspaper reports: 
Fewer Patients Have Been Dying From 
Hospital Errors Since ObamaCare Started. 
Report says about 87,000 lives have been 
saved since 2010. 
This is as a result of that legislation. 
I am not going to read the whole arti-cle. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
article to which I just referred. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Huffington Post, Dec. 1, 2015] 
FEWER PATIENTS HAVEBEENDYING FROM 
HOSPITAL ERRORS SINCE OBAMACARE STARTED  
(By Jonathan Cohn) 
Hospitals have cut down on deadly medical 
errors, saving around 87,000 lives since 2010, according to a new government report. 
Pinning down the precise reasons for this 
change is difficult, to say nothing of pre-dicting whether the decline will continue. Improvement has slowed in just the last year, the report suggests. But many analysts think government initiatives within the Af-fordable Care Act have played a significant role in the progress so far. 
In short, Obamacare may literally be sav-
ing lives. 
The new report comes from Agency for 
Healthcare Research and Quality, which is part of the Department of Health and Human Services and is something like an in-house think tank dedicated to making medical care safer and more effective. Since 2010, the agency has been tracking the incidence of common and frequently fatal medical errors, which include everything from a nurse acci-dentally giving a patient the wrong medica-tion to a doctor inserting an intravenous line in a way that leads to a blood-borne in-fection. 
On Tuesday, the agency announced its lat-
est findings on these ‘‘hospital-acquired con-ditions,’’ based on preliminary data from 2014. For every 1,000 patients admitted to and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.001 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8249 December 2, 2015 
then discharged from a hospital, the agency 
found, roughy 121 of them developed such a condition. That rate is unchanged from last year, but it is down 17 percent from 2010, when it was about 145 out of every 1,000 pa-tients. 
Based on the existing research about what 
happens to patients who get sick in the hos-pital and what it costs to treat them after-wards, that decline works out to roughly 87,000 lives saved and $19.8 billion not spent on extra medical care, according to the re-port. 
‘‘The progress is historic,’’ David 
Blumenthal, president of the Commonwealth Fund, told The Huffington Post. 
‘‘We have never demonstrated a com-
parable decline in the history of the U.S. health system,’’ added Blumenthal, a physi-cian and researcher who also served in the Obama administration. 
Broadly speaking, the progress is the re-
sult of a crusade that dates back at least to 1990s, when the Institute of Medicine re-leased ‘‘To Err Is Human,’’ a seminal report suggesting that nearly 100,000 people were dying each year because of preventable med-ical mistakes. Over time, researchers learned more about why these errors were so com-mon and started developing methods for avoiding them. Probably the most famous of these was the introduction of checklists, like the ones that airplane pilots use before take-off, for making surgery safer. 
But getting hospitals to adopt these meth-
ods was difficult, despite the best efforts of some private-sector organizations, in part because existing financial incentives did not reward hospitals for improving quality. If anything, the opposite was true. Hospitals made money for every new treatment and a patient who got sick in the hospital needed more care, rather than less. 
A major goal of the Affordable Care Act 
was to reduce and eventually eliminate these incentives for poor quality care, while re-warding the hospitals that getter better re-sults. Today, for example, Medicare pays less to institutions with high rates of hospital- acquired infection, injury and readmission— in other words, large numbers of patients re-turning to the hospital for treatment shortly after discharge. That’s because of a series of penalties the health care law created in 2010, which started affecting hospital revenue three years later. And under an initiative called Partnership for Patients, the federal government provides extra funding to hos-pitals that agree to monitor patient safety and implement schemes for improving qual-ity. 
Experts can’t be sure about the impact of 
these reforms, in part because previous stud-ies showed that errors were declining even before 2010, albeit at a slower rate. And the new initiatives raise plenty of serious criti-cisms—whether from hospital officials say-ing they are cumbersome to implement or from researchers who think the underlying data is unreliable. 
But after the agency published last year’s 
results, showing the steep decline in errors, a wide array of experts said the law’s new in-centives were influencing hospital behav-ior—and that, as a result, patients were get-ting better care. Lucian Leape, a professor at the Harvard School of Public Health and a 
pioneer in the patient safety movement, told Politifact, ‘‘I think these data reliable, and the ACA (Affordable Care Act) deserves cred-it.’’ 
The real cautionary note in Tuesday’s re-
port may be what it says about the future. If this year’s preliminary data holds up, and the error rate for 2014 is truly no lower than it was for 2013, that would suggest progress had stalled—with infections and injuries lower than before, but not as low as they could be. ‘‘On the positive side, there has been no 
backsliding, so hospitals are, in the lingo of quality improvement, ’holding the gains,’’’ Blumenthal said. ‘‘But from the standpoint of public policy and given our obligation to eliminate preventable problems, we would should aim to see continued reductions in rates.’’ 
HHS officials on Tuesday offered similar 
thoughts. At a conference in Baltimore fo-cusing on health care quality, an announce-ment of the new data drew large applause. But Patrick Conway, chief medical officer at the federal government’s Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services, warned his audi-ence not to be complacent. ‘‘The goal is to get to zero’’ errors, he said. ‘‘We’ve made sig-nificant progress. Now the question is how you accelerate that.’’ 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, among 
other things, this article says: ‘‘Hos-pitals have cut down on deadly medical errors, saving around 87,000 lives since 2010, according to a new government report.’’ 
I am not going to read the whole 
thing, but it is part of the R
ECORD . 
The article also says: 
Many analysts think government initia-
tives within the Affordable Care Act have played a significant role in the progress so far. 
In short, ObamaCare may literally be sav-
ing lives. 
The new report comes from Agency for 
Healthcare Research and Quality. . . . On Tuesday, the agency announced its latest findings on these ‘‘hospital-acquired condi-tions’’. . . . That rate is unchanged from last year, but it is down 17 percent from 2010, when it was about 145 out of every 1,000 pa-tients. 
That is not the case anymore. 
Continuing: 
That decline works out to roughly 87,000 
lives saved and $19.8 billion not spent on extra medical care, according to the report. . . . A major goal of the Affordable Care Act was to reduce and eventually eliminate these incentives for poor quality care, while re-warding the hospitals that get better results. Today, for example, Medicare pays less to in-stitutions with high rates of hospital-ac-quired infection, injury and readmission—in other words, large numbers of patients re-turning to the hospital for treatment shortly after discharge. . . . And under an initiative called Partnership for Patients, the federal government provides extra funding to hos-pitals that agree to monitor patient safety and implement schemes for improving qual-ity. 
So to my friend who continually be-
rates ObamaCare, we have before us today and tomorrow an effort to show how wasteful the time is trying to wipe out ObamaCare. The House has voted 46 times. The Republicans, of course, have lost every time. In the Senate, I think it has been 16 times or 17 times trying to repeal ObamaCare. Each time, it failed, as it will fail in the next day or two. 
f 
RHETORIC OF THE REPUBLICAN 
PARTY 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, when 
Americans elect leaders, they do so in good faith. Our constituents want us to govern responsibly and work to em-body American values. Both elected of-ficials and candidates must realize that 
our words have deep meaning and can influence people far and wide. That is why I am very disappointed that in-stead of talking about issues important to the middle class, the Republicans have turned to the politics of hatred and division. 
It seems no one is safe from this Re-
publican vitriol. Republicans dema-gogue women seeking health care through Planned Parenthood. Repub-lican candidates use women, infants, and children seeking refuge from ter-rorism to fearmonger. Muslim Ameri-cans, immigrants, and even Americans exercising their constitutional rights in support of the Black Lives Matter movement are all subject to Repub-lican insults and slander. 
Over and over again, Republican can-
didates have resorted to hatred instead of appealing to the highest sensibilities of the American people. We all know that on race and other controversial issues, Republicans have long practiced subtle bigotry, but Republicans now simply say out loud the many things at which they used to merely hint. 
Words have power, and when spoken 
by influential leaders, they infiltrate every corner of our society. 
In the wake of last week’s murderous 
attack at a Planned Parenthood health center in Colorado, a leading conserv-ative activist said: 
It really is surprising more Planned Par-
enthood facilities and abortionists are not being targeted. 
Given the public light shed on the atroc-
ities committed by Planned Parenthood and both the government and media’s turning a blind eye to it . . . it really should be sur-prising that Americans convicted of the need to stop the murder of children have not taken the law into their own hands. 
That is what the quote says. 
We know how exaggerated, untruth-
ful, and unfair the film was that was put together as some B-grade movie and that has so maligned Planned Par-enthood. One out of every five Amer-ican women will go to Planned Parent-hood during her lifetime. It is the only health care that women have in many parts of America. Is that the kind of language you want to encourage in the United States of America, that there should be more violence in these health clinics? Certainly not, but it is all too common in the Republican Party of today. 
Instead of recognizing the concerns 
of communities riddled by decades of police brutality and racial injustice, Republicans have vilified the Black Lives Matter movement, which has been drawing attention to these dis-turbing inequities. Rush Limbaugh has gone so far as labeling protesters a ‘‘hate group’’ for trying to bring equal-ity to our criminal justice system. 
Just a few weeks ago, supporters of 
the Republican Presidential hopeful Donald Trump attacked a Black Lives Matter protester on video at a rally. Instead of condemning the violence dis-played by his supporters, Donald Trump encouraged it. When asked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.001 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8250 December 2, 2015 
about the incident, Trump said, refer-
ring to the protester, ‘‘Maybe he should have been roughed up.’’ That is stunning. A Republican candidate for President of the United States urged violence to silence his critics. 
Last week, four masked men with ap-
parent White supremacist ties opened fire on Black Lives Matter protestors in Minneapolis. 
I am amazed that the junior Senator 
from Texas had the audacity to say earlier this week that ‘‘the over-whelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.’’ And the article he quoted has been said to have been quoted improperly. That is really quite stunning, that someone with the aca-demic background of the junior Sen-ator from Texas cannot read a simple report. ‘‘The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.’’ Think about that. Fanning the flames of intolerance is un-American. We are better than this. 
I am disappointed that Republicans 
who should know better are not speak-ing out against this vile rhetoric. Ac-cording to the New York Times, ‘‘Some of the highest-ranking Republicans in Congress and some of the party’s wealthiest and most generous donors have balked at trying to take down Mr. Trump because they fear a public feud with the insult-spewing media figure.’’ That is a sad reflection on one of America’s major political parties. 
The Republican Party once claimed 
to stand for American leadership in the world, but as millions of Syrians have fled their country, seeking refuge from death and destruction, Republicans have instead used the humanitarian crisis as an opportunity to spread fear and animosity. Republican Presidential candidate Ben Carson described the Syrian refugees as ‘‘rabid dogs.’’ Mike Huckabee referred to the Syrian refu-gees as a bag of poisonous peanuts. Even more disturbing is the junior Sen-ator from Texas, who went so far as to suggest a religious test for accepting refugees fleeing violence and oppres-sion. He only wants to accept Chris-tians. 
The Republican Party used to claim 
to stand for religious freedom, but they are now just pretending. Ben Carson doesn’t think Muslims should be al-lowed to become President. The junior Senator from Florida, also a Repub-lican Presidential candidate, speaks of a ‘‘clash of civilizations.’’ Those are buzz words meaning a crusade against Islam. He is saying that ISIS extrem-ists are representative of an entire reli-gion. 
It doesn’t stop there. Republicans 
have targeted immigrants also—not just people who are seeking refuge, not just refugees, but also immigrants. The Republican Party wants to paint all immigrants as murderers and rapists. Congressman S
TEVE KINGsays all im-
migrants are drug traffickers. Repub-licans only talk about deporting fami-lies. Senator R
UBIO, the Republican es-
tablishment favorite, walked away from his single positive legislative ac-
complishment—comprehensive immi-gration reform—to please the party’s extreme anti-immigrant base. He has gone from supporting citizenship for undocumented immigrants to wanting to deport DREAMers. And even Jeb Bush speaks of ‘‘anchor babies.’’ 
With the way our democracy is struc-
tured, there will always be disagree-ment about the best way elected offi-cials can serve our Nation, but as we debate and disagree, we must do so re-sponsibly. 
President Bill Clinton once said that 
those of us with influence must be mindful of our words because they fall ‘‘on the serious and delirious alike.’’ The venom Republicans continue to spew has consequences. History will judge those who stand idle as fear and animosity become the platform of an American political party. 
The simple fact is that Republicans 
are running on a platform of hate, and every Republican who fails to speak out against the hateful, dangerous rhetoric being spewed by their party is complicit. 
For the moral character of our Na-
tion, we must demand that the Repub-licans return to the values on which our country was founded. 
Mr. President, Senator M
CCONNELL  
and I have finished our remarks. Would the Chair announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RESTORING AMERICANS’ 
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 3762, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconcili-
ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
Pending: 
McConnell amendment No. 2874, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the time spent in quorum calls requested during Senate consideration of H.R. 3762 be equally divided and come off of the reconcili-ation bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that for the duration of the Senate’s consideration of H.R. 3762, the majority and Democratic managers of the reconciliation bill, while seated or standing at the managers’ desks, be permitted to deliver floor remarks, re-
trieve, review, and edit documents, and send email and other data communica-tions from text displayed on wireless personal digital assistant devices and tablet devices. I further ask unanimous consent that the use of calculators be permitted on the floor during consider-ation of the budget resolution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. For the information of 
Senators, this UC does not alter the ex-isting traditions that prohibit the use of such devices in the Chamber by Sen-ators in general, officers, and staff. It also does not allow the use of videos or pictures, the transmitting of sound, even through earpieces, for any pur-poses, the use of telephones or other devices for voice communications, any laptop computers, any detachable key-boards, the use of desktop computers or any other larger devices. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, earlier this 
year, Congress approved its first bal-anced 10-year budget since 2001. In ad-dition to helping make our government more efficient, effective, and account-able, this balanced budget resolution contained reconciliation instructions to provide for the repeal of Obamacare and pave the way for real health care reforms to strengthen the doctor-pa-tient relationship; expand choices; lower health care costs; and improve access to quality, affordable, innova-tive health care. 
These instructions focused on the 
key congressional committees with ju-risdiction over Obamacare—the Senate Finance Committee; Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee; House Energy and Commerce Committee; House Education and the Workforce Committee; and the House Ways and Means Committee. 
Our friends in the House passed their 
repeal bill in October and November, which repealed key parts of Obamacare, including the individual and employer mandates, the Cadillac tax, and the medical device tax, which is pending here today. 
As most everyone knows, while the 
House and Senate are known collec-tively as Congress, they both have very different rules. This is why it is impor-tant to ensure that the House-passed repeal bill is in line with Senate rules and procedures. 
The reconciliation process is gov-
erned by a combination of statutory rules, budget resolution provisions, precedents—and the interpretations of all these applicable standards ensure that any legislation which says it qualifies for reconciliation does actu-ally do so. 
The repeal bill passed by the House, 
H.R. 3762, contained material that qualified the bill in the House as meet-
ing the conditions for reconciliation. The provisions were marked up and re-ported out of the three House rec-onciled committees, combined together 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.004 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8251 December 2, 2015 
by the House Budget Committee, im-
proved upon by the House Rules Com-mittee, and acted on by the full House of Representatives. 
The Obamacare repeal bill approved 
by the House contains provisions which fall in the jurisdiction of the Senate Finance and HELP Committees and satisfies the Senate reconciliation in-struction by reducing the deficit well over $1 billion. 
However, while the House bill does 
qualify as meeting the essential stand-ards necessary for reconciliation in the Senate, it is not immune from the Sen-ate-specific requirements under the Byrd rule, which is the reason for the McConnell amendment offered earlier. 
The Byrd rule was crafted in an ef-
fort to ensure that matter inside a rec-onciliation bill has at its core a budg-etary effect. The Byrd rule and the rec-onciliation instruction work together to evaluate the material inside H.R. 3762 for its consideration in the Senate. 
Working with the committees rec-
onciled in the Senate, Leader M
CCON-
NELL and his leadership team, the 
House Budget Committee, the Senate Parliamentarian and her staff, the staff of the minority and the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation, H.R. 3762 has been exhaus-tively examined, debated, and had deci-sions rendered as to how to evaluate it from a reconciliation and Byrd rule perspective. 
I think it is important for all Sen-
ators to understand what has been done to address those challenges to ensure that the House bill’s provisions are not vulnerable to a variety of Byrd rule challenges. 
In H.R. 3762, section 1 contains both a 
short title and a table of contents that have no score and therefore do not qualify as reconciliation material. The McConnell substitute amendment does not contain section 1. 
Obamacare mandated that businesses 
with more than 50 employees automati-cally enroll their employees in Obamacare, the so-called auto-enroll-ment provision. H.R. 3762 eliminated that mandate. Subsequent to House passage, the administration struck a spending deal with Congress, which used the repeal of the auto-enrollment provision as an offset. Since that provi-sion is now law, it does not score for purposes of reconciliation and was Byrdable. The House removed that lan-
guage when it engrossed the bill and sent it to the Senate last month. It is no longer in the House bill and is not addressed in the McConnell amend-ment. 
Obamacare created a fund, the so- 
called Prevention and Public Health Fund, which has been used for a vari-ety of purposes since 2010. The House bill in section 101 repealed that fund and rescinded its unobligated balances. The McConnell amendment does the same. 
In section 102 of H.R. 3762, a deficit 
reduction provision for Medicaid was included, creating a new class of pro-hibited entities for which Medicaid re-imbursement is barred. While the House language qualifies for reconcili-ation consideration in the Senate, the McConnell amendment makes even clearer how the language is to apply to Medicaid, not any Federal spending. As well, it clarifies the tests applied to en-tities to determine whether or not they fall into the prohibited class. 
Section 103 of the House bill created 
new resources for community health center programs, and the McConnell amendment contains the same lan-guage. 
Obamacare imposed mandates to pur-
chase health care insurance on both in-dividuals and employers. Sections 201 and 202 of the House bill repealed those mandates. 
Unfortunately, this language does 
not qualify under the Byrd rule in the Senate. In the judgement of the Parlia-mentarian, the policy impact of these repeals outweighs their fiscal impact. As well, there is technical and con-forming language in both sections 201 and 202 of the House bill that do not score and therefore are inappropriate for reconciliation in the Senate. 
As a result, the McConnell amend-
ment addresses the mandates but in a different way. Rather than containing language that repeals them, the McConnell amendment repeals the pen-alties, which Obamacare instituted to punish those who wanted the freedom to choose in the health care insurance market. 
Obamacare imposed a tax on medical 
devices, which section 203 of H.R. 3762 repealed. The McConnell amendment does the same without the conforming and clerical amendments in this sec-tion that the House bill contains. Cler-
ical and conforming amendments do not score and so do not qualify for con-sideration under the Byrd rule. 
Obamacare imposed a tax on high- 
quality health insurance, the so-called Cadillac tax. H.R. 3762 repealed that tax, but the repeal contained technical and conforming language that violates the Byrd rule. As well, according to CBO, the House language created a pos-sible deficit sometime well after the reconciliation window, which is an-other violation of the Byrd rule. 
To address these problems, the 
McConnell amendment removes the technical and conforming language that violates the Byrd rule and sunsets the Cadillac tax repeal at the end of 2024. 
The McConnell amendment also con-
tains an additional policy. 
Working in concert with the Senate 
Finance Committee, the McConnell amendment contains reconciliation- compliant language to recapture excess exchange subsidies that have been paid but which were not supposed to go out the door. Over 10 years, this will have a significant deficit reduction impact. 
The pending McConnell amendment, 
then, addresses the Byrd rule chal-lenges contained within the House bill. It has a deficit reduction impact equal to the House-passed bill. It is reconcili-ation compliant. It will be the pending language to which amendments should be drafted and offered during consider-ation of the repeal bill. 
The Budget Act calls for a submis-
sion for the R
ECORD of Byrdable mate-
rial contained in the reconciliation bill, and I will ask that the list of Byrdable material in H.R. 3762 be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
Mr. President, pursuant to section 
313(c) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I submit for the R
ECORD a list 
of material considered to be extraneous to H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. The inclusion or exclusion of a provision on this list does not con-stitute a determination of extraneous-ness by the Presiding Officer of the Senate. I ask unanimous consent the list be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Section Subject Violation Rationale 
1 .................................................... Short Title, Table of Contents ............................................ .................................................................. 313(b)(1)(A) No budgetary effect 
Title I—Committee on Energy and Commerce 
102(a) lines 15–16 ....................... Federal Payments to States ............................................................ ..................................................... 313(b)(1)(A) No budgetary effect1 
Title III—Committee on Ways and Means 
201 ................................................ Repeal of individual mandate ................................................ ............................................................. 313(b)(1)(D) Budgetary effects are merely incidental 
202 ................................................ Repeal of Employer Mandate .................................................. ............................................................. 313(b)(1)(D) Budgetary effects are merely incidental 
204(b) ............................................ Tax on Employee Health Insurance Premiums—Reporting Requirement .............. ............................. 313(b)(1)(A) No budgetary effect 
204(c) ............................................ Tax on Employee Health Insurance Premiums—Clerical Amendment ................. .............................. 313(b)(1)(A) No budgetary effect 
1This matter contains citations in error. Permissible if corrected. 
Mr. ENZI. I also ask unanimous con-
sent that two scores from CBO be printed in the R
ECORD : a score of H.R. 3762 as received in the Senate and a 
score of the McConnell amendment. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.002 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8252 December 2, 2015 
ESTIMATE OF DIRECT SPENDING AND REVENUE EFFECTS OF H.R. 3762, THE RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT, A S PASSED BY THE HOUSE AND 
FOLLOWING ENACTMENT OF THE BIPARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 2015a 
By fiscal year, in billions of dollars— 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
ESTIMATED CHANGES WITHOUT MACROECONOMIC FEEDBACK 
Changes in Direct Spending 
Title I—Committee on Education and the Workforce Auto-Enrollment for Certain Large Employers:
b: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Title II—Committee on Energy and Commerce Prevention and Public Health Fund: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... ¥1.0 ¥1.0 ¥1.3 ¥1.3 ¥1.5 ¥1.5 ¥2.0 ¥2.0 ¥2.0 ¥2.0 ¥6.0 ¥15.5 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ ¥0.2 ¥0.5 ¥0.9 ¥1.1 ¥1.3 ¥1.4 ¥1.6 ¥1.8 ¥1.9 ¥2.0 ¥4.1 ¥12.7 
Medicaid: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... ¥0.2 * * * * * * * * 0 ¥0.2 ¥0.2 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ ¥0.2 * * * * * * * * 0 ¥0.2 ¥0.2 
Community Health Center Program: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... 0.2 0.2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.5 0.5 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ 0.1 0.2 0.1 * 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.5 0.5 
Title III—Committee on Ways and Means Repeal Individual and Employer Mandates
c: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... ¥8.7 ¥17.2 ¥21.1 ¥24.5 ¥26.7 ¥28.6 ¥30.6 ¥32.2 ¥33.9 ¥35.4 ¥98.3 ¥258.9 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ ¥8.7 ¥17.2 ¥21.1 ¥24.5 ¥26.7 ¥28.6 ¥30.6 ¥32.2 ¥33.9 ¥35.4 ¥98.3 ¥258.9 
Repeal Excise Tax on Certain High-Premium Insurance Plans: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... 0 0 ¥0.7 ¥0.9 ¥1.4 ¥1.6 ¥2.4 ¥3.1 ¥3.9 ¥4.1 ¥3.0 ¥18.2 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ 0 0 ¥0.7 ¥0.9 ¥1.4 ¥1.6 ¥2.4 ¥3.1 ¥3.9 ¥4.1 ¥3.0 ¥18.2 
Total Changes in Direct Spending: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... ................................. ¥9.7 ¥18.0 ¥23.1 ¥26.7 ¥29.6 ¥31.7 ¥35.0 ¥37.3 ¥39.8 ¥41.5 ¥107.1 ¥292.4 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ ¥9.1 ¥17.5 ¥22.6 ¥26.5 ¥29.3 ¥31.6 ¥34.6 ¥37.1 ¥39.7 ¥41.5 ¥105.1 ¥289.6 
Changes in Revenues Title I—Committee on Education and the Workforce 
Auto-Enrollment for Certain Large Employers
b................................................................................................................. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Title III—Committee on Ways and Means 
Repeal Individual and Employer Mandatesc..................................................................................................................... ¥10.1 ¥7.7 ¥7.0 ¥8.1 ¥8.2 ¥8.4 ¥9.4 ¥10.1 ¥10.4 ¥10.7 ¥41.2 ¥90.4 
Repeal Medical Device Tax ...................................................................................................... .......................................... ¥1.4 ¥2.0 ¥2.1 ¥2.2 ¥2.3 ¥2.5 ¥2.6 ¥2.8 ¥2.9 ¥3.1 ¥10.0 ¥23.9 
Repeal Excise Tax on Certain High-Premium Insurance Plans ...................................................................... ................... 0 0 ¥2.9 ¥8.1 ¥9.7 ¥11.5 ¥14.0 ¥17.1 ¥20.8 ¥25.0 ¥20.8 ¥109.3 
Interaction within Title III ................................................................................................... ............................................... 0 0 * 2.1 2.0 1.7 1.7 1.6 1.6 1.4 4.1 12.1 
Total Changes in Revenues: ¥11.5 ¥9.7 ¥12.0 ¥16.3 ¥18.2 ¥20.7 ¥24.3 ¥28.4 ¥32.5 ¥37.4 ¥67.9 ¥211.5 
On-Budget ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... ¥13.0 ¥13.8 ¥16.2 ¥20.5 ¥22.4 ¥24.6 ¥27.7 ¥31.3 ¥34.9 ¥38.9 ¥86.2 ¥243.7 
Off-Budgetd............................................................................................................................... ............................... 1.5 4.1 4.2 4.2 4.2 3.9 3.5 2.9 2.4 1.5 18.3 32.2 
NET INCREASE OR DECREASE ( ¥) IN THE DEFICIT WITHOUT MACROECONOMIC FEEDBACK 
Impact on Deficit .............................................................................................................. ................................................. 2.4 ¥7.9 ¥10.6 ¥10.2 ¥11.1 ¥10.8 ¥10.3 ¥8.6 ¥7.2 ¥4.0 ¥37.2 ¥78.1 
On-Budget ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 3.9 ¥3.7 ¥6.4 ¥6.0 ¥6.9 ¥7.0 ¥6.8 ¥5.8 ¥4.8 ¥2.6 ¥19.0 ¥45.9 
Off-Budgetd............................................................................................................................... ............................... ¥1.5 ¥4.1 ¥4.2 ¥4.2 ¥4.2 ¥3.9 ¥3.5 ¥2.9 ¥2.4 ¥1.5 ¥18.3 ¥32.2 
ESTIMATED BUDGETARY IMPACT OF MACROECONOMIC FEEDBACKe 
Effects on Outlays ............................................................................................................. ................................................. * ¥0.2 ¥0.3 ¥0.2 * 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 1.1 ¥0.7 3.1 
Effects on Revenues ............................................................................................................ .............................................. 0.5 1.1 2.5 4.3 5.4 6.4 7.2 8.1 8.9 9.6 13.8 54.0 
Effects on the Deficit ......................................................................................................... ................................................ ¥0.6 ¥1.3 ¥2.8 ¥4.5 ¥5.3 ¥6.0 ¥6.6 ¥7.3 ¥8.0 ¥8.6 ¥14.5 ¥50.9 
On-Budget ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... ¥0.3 ¥0.8 ¥1.9 ¥3.1 ¥3.7 ¥4.2 ¥4.6 ¥5.1 ¥5.6 ¥6.0 ¥9.9 ¥35.4 
Off-Budgetd............................................................................................................................... ............................... ¥0.2 ¥0.4 ¥0.9 ¥1.4 ¥1.6 ¥1.8 ¥2.0 ¥2.2 ¥2.4 ¥2.6 ¥4.6 ¥15.5 
TOTAL ESTIMATED CHANGES, INCLUDING MACROECONOMIC FEEDBACKf 
Effects on Outlays ............................................................................................................. ................................................. ¥9.1 ¥17.7 ¥22.9 ¥26.8 ¥29.3 ¥31.2 ¥34.0 ¥36.3 ¥38.7 ¥40.4 ¥105.8 ¥286.5 
Effects on Revenues ............................................................................................................ .............................................. ¥11.0 ¥8.6 ¥9.5 ¥12.1 ¥12.9 ¥14.4 ¥17.1 ¥20.3 ¥23.6 ¥27.8 ¥54.1 ¥157.5 
Effects on the Deficitd............................................................................................................................... ....................... 1.9 ¥9.1 ¥13.4 ¥14.7 ¥16.4 ¥16.8 ¥16.9 ¥16.0 ¥15.1 ¥12.6 ¥51.7 ¥129.0 
On-Budget ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 3.6 ¥4.6 ¥8.3 ¥9.2 ¥10.6 ¥11.1 ¥11.5 ¥10.9 ¥10.4 ¥8.6 ¥28.9 ¥81.3 
Off-Budgetd............................................................................................................................... ............................... ¥1.7 ¥4.6 ¥5.1 ¥5.5 ¥5.8 ¥5.7 ¥5.4 ¥5.0 ¥4.8 ¥4.1 ¥22.8 ¥47.7 
Sources: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Notes: Numbers may not add up to totals because of rounding;* = an increase or decrease between zero and $50 million. On October 23, 2015, the House passed H.R. 3762 (see https://www.congress.gov/114/bills/hr3762/BILLS-114hr3762eh.pdf). That bil l removed subtitle B of H.R. 3762 as reported by the House Committee on the Budget on October 16, 
2015, which would have repealed the Independent Payment Advisory Board. Additionally, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public  Law 114–74) was enacted on November 2, 2015, and included a provision identical to title I of this legis-
lation. This estimate differs from CBO and JCT’s prior estimate of H.R. 3762 as reported by the House Committee on the Budget ( see https://www.cbo.gov/publication/50918) as a result of these two legislative actions. 
aFor outlays, a positive number indicates an increase (adding to the deficit) and a negative number indicates a decrease (reduci ng the deficit); for revenues, a positive number indicates an increase (reducing the deficit) and a nega-
tive number indicates a decrease (adding to the deficit); for the deficit, a positive number indicates an increase and a negati ve number indicates a reduction. 
bThe Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–74) was enacted on November 2, 2015. Title VI of that law includes a provision iden tical to title I of this legislation. Therefore, CBO estimates that title I would have no effect relative to 
current law. 
cCBO previously estimated additional effects of combining the repeal of the auto-enrollment requirement for large employers with  the repeal of the individual and employer mandates. Because the former is now current law (see P.L. 
114–74), that interaction effect is included in our estimate of the repeal of the individual and employer mandates. 
dExcluding macroeconomic feedback, all off-budget effects would come from changes in revenues. (The payroll taxes for Social Sec urity are classified as off-budget.) Off-budget effects from macroeconomic feedback include changes in 
Social Security spending and revenues. 
eAn explanation of these estimates of macroeconomic feedback can be found in the cost estimate for H.R. 3762 as reported by the House Committee on the Budget on October 16, 2015. The effects of the changes proposed in the leg-
islation analyzed here are quite similar to the effects estimated previously. As a result, CBO and JCT’s estimated economic eff ects and macroeconomic feedback to the budget are not appreciably changed from that previous analysis. 
fIncluding macroeconomic effects, CBO and JCT estimate that enacting the legislation would not increase net direct spending by m ore than $5 billion in any of the first three consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2026; however, the 
agencies are not able to determine whether enacting the legislation would increase net direct spending by more than $5 billion in the fourth 10-year period. The agencies estimate that enacting the legislation would increase on- budget 
deficits by more than $5 billion in one or more of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2026. Excluding macroecono mic feedback, the agencies estimate that enacting the legislation would not increase net direct spending by 
more than $5 billion in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2026, and would increase on-budget deficits by  more than $5 billion in one or more of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2026. 
PRELIMINARY ESTIMATE OF DIRECT SPENDING AND REVENUE EFFECTS OF H.R. 3762, THE RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM RECONCILI ATION ACT, WITH AN 
AMENDMENT IN THE NATURE OF A SUBSTITUTE (S.A. 2874.)a 
By fiscal year, in billions of dollars— 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
ESTIMATED CHANGES WITHOUT MACROECONOMIC FEEDBACK 
Changes in Direct Spending 
Title I—Finance Medicaid: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... ¥0.2 * * * * * * * * 0 ¥0.2 ¥0.2 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ ¥0.2 * * * * * * * * 0 ¥0.2 ¥0.2 
Eliminate Individual and Employer Mandate Penalties: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... ¥7.5 ¥14.3 ¥17.7 ¥21.0 ¥23.2 ¥25.2 ¥27.3 ¥29.0 ¥30.9 ¥32.6 ¥83.9 ¥228.8 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ ¥7.5 ¥14.3 ¥17.7 ¥21.0 ¥23.2 ¥25.2 ¥27.3 ¥29.0 ¥30.9 ¥32.6 ¥83.9 ¥228.8 
Repeal Excise Tax on Certain High-Premium Insurance Plans: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... 0 0 ¥0.7 ¥0.9 ¥1.4 ¥1.6 ¥2.4 ¥3.1 ¥3.9 ¥1.2 ¥3.0 ¥15.3 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ 0 0 ¥0.7 ¥0.9 
¥1.4 ¥1.6 ¥2.4 ¥3.1 ¥3.9 ¥1.2 ¥3.0 ¥15.3 
Elimination of Limitation on Subsidy Recapture: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... ¥1.8 ¥3.3 ¥3.8 ¥3.9 ¥3.9 ¥4.0 ¥4.2 ¥4.4 ¥4.6 ¥4.8 ¥16.6 ¥38.5 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ ¥1.8 ¥3.3 ¥3.8 ¥3.9 ¥3.9 ¥4.0 ¥4.2 ¥4.4 ¥4.6 ¥4.8 ¥16.6 ¥38.5 
Title II—Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Prevention and Public Health Fund: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... ¥1.0 ¥1.0 ¥1.3 ¥1.3 ¥1.5 ¥1.5 ¥2.0 ¥2.0 ¥2.0 ¥2.0 ¥6.0 ¥15.5 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ ¥0.2 ¥
0.5 ¥0.9 ¥1.1 ¥1.3 ¥1.4 ¥1.6 ¥1.8 ¥1.9 ¥2.0 ¥4.1 ¥12.7 
Comnumity Health Center Program: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... .......................................... 0.2 0.2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.5 0.5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.008 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8253 December 2, 2015 
PRELIMINARY ESTIMATE OF DIRECT SPENDING AND REVENUE EFFECTS OF H.R. 3762, THE RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM RECONCILI ATION ACT, WITH AN 
AMENDMENT IN THE NATURE OF A SUBSTITUTE (S.A. 2874.)a—Continued 
By fiscal year, in billions of dollars— 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ................................................ 0.1 0.2 0.1 * 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.5 0.5 
Total Changes in Direct Spending: 
Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... ................................. ¥10.3 ¥18.4 ¥23.5 ¥27.1 ¥30.0 ¥32.3 ¥35.9 ¥38.5 ¥41.4 ¥40.6 ¥109.3 ¥297.9 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ....................................... ¥9.7 ¥17.9 ¥23.0 ¥26.9 ¥29.7 ¥32.2 ¥35.5 ¥38.3 ¥41.3 ¥40.6 ¥107.3 ¥295.1 
Changes in Revenues Title I—Finance: Eliminate Individual and Employer Mandate Penalties ............................................................................ ................................. ¥10.3 ¥8.9 ¥8.0 ¥9.0 ¥9.1 ¥9.3 ¥10.3 ¥10.9 ¥11.2 ¥11.5 ¥45.4 ¥98.6 
Repeal Medical Device Tax ...................................................................................................... ................................................... ¥1.4 ¥2.0 ¥2.1 ¥2.2 ¥2.3 ¥2.5 ¥2.6 ¥2.8 2.9 ¥3.1 
¥10.0 ¥23.9 
Repeal Excise Tax on Certain High-Premium Insurance Plans ...................................................................... ............................ 0 0 ¥2.9 ¥8.1 ¥9.7 ¥11.5 ¥14.0 ¥17.1 ¥20.8 ¥8.9 ¥20.8 ¥93.2 
Elimination of Limitation on Subsidy Recapture ................................................................................. ....................................... 0.3 1.2 1.5 1.6 1.5 1.5 1.5 1.6 1.6 1.7 5.9 14.0 
Interaction within Title I ..................................................................................................... ........................................................ 0 0 * 2.1 2.0 1.7 1.7 1.6 1.6 1.4 4.1 12.1 
Total Changes in Revenues: ..................................................................................................... ......................................... ¥11.4 ¥9.7 ¥11.5 ¥15.6 ¥17.6 ¥20.1 ¥23.7 ¥27.6 ¥31.7 ¥20.4 ¥66.2 ¥189.6 
On-Budget ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... ¥12.8 ¥13.5 ¥15.5 ¥19.6 ¥21.5 ¥23.7 ¥26.8 ¥30.3 ¥33.9 ¥25.4 ¥83.3 ¥223.2 
Off-Budgetb............................................................................................................................... ............................... 1.4 3.8 4.0 4.0 3.9 3.6 3.2 2.7 2.2 5.0 17.1 33.6 
Net Increase or Decrease ( ¥) in the Deficit Without Macroeconomic Feedbackc 
Impact on Deficit: 1.7 ¥8.3 ¥11.5 ¥11.3 ¥12.1 ¥12.0 ¥11.8 ¥10.6 ¥9.6 ¥20.1 ¥41.1 ¥105.5 
On-Budget ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 3.1 ¥4.4 ¥7.5 ¥7.3 ¥8.2 ¥8.5 ¥8.6 ¥8.0 ¥7.4 ¥15.2 ¥24.1 ¥71.9 
Off-Budgetb............................................................................................................................... ............................... ¥1.4 ¥3.8 ¥4.0 ¥4.0 ¥3.9 ¥3.6 ¥3.2 ¥2.7 ¥2.2 ¥5.0 ¥17.1 ¥33.6 
Sources: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Notes: Numbers may not add up to totals because of rounding; * = an increase or decrease between zero and $50 million. This amendment triggers the requirement for a macroeconomic analysis. However, because of the very short time available to prep are this estimate, CBO and JCT have determined that it is not practicable to provide that analysis at 
this time. 
aFor outlays, a positive number indicates an increase (adding to the deficit) and a negative number indicates a decrease (reduci ng the deficit); for revenues, A positive number indicates an increase (reducing the deficit) and a nega-
tive number indicates a decrease (adding to the deficit); for the deficit, a positive number indicates an increase and a negati ve number indicates a reduction. 
bExcluding macroeconomic feedback, all Off-Budget effects would come from changes in revenues. (The payroll taxes for Social Sec urity are classified as off-budget.) 
cExcluding macroeconomic feedback, the agencies estimate that enacting title I or title II would not increase net direct spendin g or on-budget deficits in any year after 2025 or in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning 
in 2026. 
Mr. ENZI. I think Members are look-
ing forward to an open and spirited de-bate about the future of America’s health care system and the importance of restoring the trust of hard-working taxpayers. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2876 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
(Purpose: To ensure that this Act does not 
increase the number of uninsured women or increase the number of unintended preg-nancies by establishing a women’s health care and clinic security and safety fund) 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I call 
up my amendment No. 2876. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Mrs. M UR-
RAY] proposes an amendment numbered 2876 
to amendment No. 2874. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I 
think we can all agree there is a lot of work that needs to be done in this Con-gress—priorities such as continuing to improve health care for our families, creating jobs, boosting wages, expand-ing economic security for workers, and making higher education more afford-able and accessible, just to name a few. Unfortunately, instead of working with Democrats to focus on those chal-lenges—the ones that families face every day—far too many Republicans have doubled down on a favorite pas-time—attacking women’s health and rights in order to pander to their ex-treme base. 
I am very proud to be on the floor 
today with many of my Democratic colleagues to say enough is enough and 
to make clear that even as Republicans try to take women’s health backwards, we are going to push harder in the other direction for continued progress on women’s access to health care and constitutionally protected reproduc-tive rights. 
This year alone, according to NARAL 
Pro-Choice America, more than 40 bills have been introduced in this Congress that would undermine a woman’s con-stitutionally protected right to make her own choices about her own body. The House and Senate have voted a total of 17 times—17 times—on legisla-tion to undermine women’s health care and rights. That is right. In the year 2015—in the year 2015 alone—Repub-licans in Congress have introduced over 40 bills and held 17 votes on whether Congress should roll back women’s rights. That is completely unaccept-able. The bill we are debating here on the floor today would defund Planned Parenthood, and that is just more of the same. It is another effort to force through extreme policies under a fast- track process. 
A vote on the bill before us today is 
a vote on whether a young woman 
should be able to go to the provider she trusts to get birth control, whether cancer screenings should be more or less available to women across the country, and whether the 2.7 million men and women who visit Planned Par-enthood each year should continue to get health care services they rely on. 
Over the last few months of Repub-
lican political attacks on Planned Par-enthood and women’s health, I have been proud to stand with women na-tionwide who are making their voices heard and fighting for their right to make their own health care decisions— women such as Shannon, who lives in Tumwater, WA, and says the care she received at Planned Parenthood as a young woman protected her ability to have children and that today she has Planned Parenthood to thank for her little girl; women such as Breanne 
from Seattle, who went to Planned Parenthood as an uninsured student, where providers caught abnormal cell growth on her cervix wall before—be-fore—it could turn into cancer; and the women and advocates at the Planned Parenthood Center in Pullman, WA, who, after their building was damaged in an arson attack, came together as a community and established a pop-up clinic to make sure that women and families could continue to get the care they needed. 
I know many of us here today are 
thinking of those who are suffering and who lost loved ones as a result of the tragic violence in Colorado Springs last week. People across the country— men and women—have had enough of extremism and violence, including at Planned Parenthood health care cen-ters. When a woman seeks health care—constitutionally protected health care—she should not have to feel threatened in any way. A doctor in a women’s health clinic should not have to worry about wearing a bulletproof vest under her lab coat. Women’s health care should not be controver-sial, much less a cause for violence in the 21st century. Women and their fam-ilies have had enough. 
I have heard from so many women 
and men who are tired of women’s health being undermined, being threat-ened, and being used as a political foot-ball here in Washington, DC. Who can believe that in the 21st century a Presi-dential candidate would claim that ex-panding access to birth control is as easy as setting up a few more vending machines in men’s bathrooms? These women and men across the country are speaking up and saying ‘‘not on our watch’’ to those who want to turn back the clock on women’s health and wom-en’s rights. I am going to continue, along with my colleagues, to bring their voices and their stories and their fight to the Senate floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.008 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8254 December 2, 2015 
As we all know, this is a tired polit-
ical effort to dismantle the Affordable Care Act and take Planned Parenthood down with it. It is at a dead end. But if Republicans are going to try to cut off women’s access to health care, I am going to make sure they hear about it and that people across this country know exactly where Democrats stand— with women. That is why I am very proud to be introducing this amend-ment today that would strike the harmful language defunding Planned 
Parenthood from this legislation and replace it—replace it—with a new fund to support women’s health care and clinic safety. 
There is so much more we need to do 
to improve women’s health care in this country today, from strengthening the women’s health care workforce to ex-panding access to constitutionally pro-tected reproductive health care to rais-ing awareness about violence against women—so much more. This fund that is part of this amendment would offer an opportunity to make progress on goals such as these and more to sup-port women’s health providers and clinics at a time when they need it most. Critically, it would show women and families that their constitutional rights, that their safety and their health care should come before tea party political pandering, not the other way around. By the way, this amend-ment is fully paid for by the Buffett rule. 
Democrats are going to keep stand-
ing up for women and encouraging Re-publicans to focus on the real chal-lenges that families face, rather than their political attacks that their tea party base is so focused on. I urge my colleagues to join me in standing against this harmful effort to defund Planned Parenthood and delivering a clear message, again, to Republicans in Congress who want to play politics with women’s health—not on our watch. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2875 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up my amendment No. 2875. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. J OHNSON ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2875 to amendment No. 2874. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the Patient Protection 
and Affordable Care Act to ensure that in-dividuals can keep their health insurance coverage) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. ll. AMENDMENT TO THE PATIENT PRO-
TECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part 2 of subtitle C of 
title I of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18011 et seq.) is amended by striking section 1251 and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1251. FREEDOM TO MAINTAIN EXISTING 
COVERAGE. 
‘‘(a) N OCHANGES TO EXISTING COVERAGE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act (or 
an amendment made by this Act) shall be construed to require that an individual ter-minate coverage under a group health plan or health insurance coverage in which such individual was enrolled during any part of the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2013. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTINUATION OF COVERAGE .—With re-
spect to a group health plan or health insur-ance coverage in which an individual was en-rolled during any part of the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2013, this sub-title and subtitle A (and the amendments made by such subtitles) shall not apply to such plan or coverage, regardless of whether the individual renews such coverage. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOWANCE FOR FAMILY MEMBERS TO 
JOINCURRENT COVERAGE .—With respect to a 
group health plan or health insurance cov-erage in which an individual was enrolled during any part of the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2013, and which is renewed, family members of such individual shall be permitted to enroll in such plan or coverage if such enrollment is permitted under the terms of the plan in effect as of such date of enrollment. 
‘‘(c) A
LLOWANCE FOR NEWEMPLOYEES TO 
JOINCURRENT PLAN.—A group health plan 
that provides coverage during any part of the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2013, may provide for the enrolling of new employees (and their families) in such plan, and this subtitle and subtitle A (and the amendments made by such subtitles) shall not apply with respect to such plan and such new employees (and their families). 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT ON COLLECTIVE BARGAINING  
AGREEMENTS .—In the case of health insur-
ance coverage maintained pursuant to one or more collective bargaining agreements be-tween employee representatives and one or more employers that was ratified before De-cember 31, 2013, the provisions of this sub-title and subtitle A (and the amendments made by such subtitles) shall not apply until the date on which the last of the collective bargaining agreements relating to the cov-erage terminates. Any coverage amendment made pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement relating to the coverage which amends the coverage solely to conform to any requirement added by this subtitle or subtitle A (or amendments) shall not be treated as a termination of such collective bargaining agreement. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITION .—In this title, the term 
‘grandfathered health plan’ means any group health plan or health insurance coverage to which this section applies.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148). 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, at a 
townhall meeting in Green Bay, WI, on June 11, 2009, President Obama was try-ing to sell his health care law, and this is the claim he made. This is the quote, and this is the promise he made to the American public. He said: No matter how we reform health care, I in-
tend to keep this promise: If you like your doctor, you’ll be able to keep your doctor; if you like your health care plan, you’ll be able to keep your health care plan. 
Less than a week later, in remarks to 
the American Medical Association, the Nation’s largest association of medical doctors, the President said: 
I know that there are millions of Ameri-
cans who are content with their health care coverage—they like their plan and, most im-portantly, they value the relationship with their doctor. They trust you. And that means that no matter how we reform health care, we will keep this promise to the Amer-ican people: If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep your doctor, period. If you like your health care plan, you’ll be able to keep your health care plan, period. No one will take that away, no matter what. 
Now, a number of years have passed 
since President Obama made that promise. It wasn’t just those two times that President Obama made that prom-ise either. I think it has been docu-mented that he made that promise to the American people over 30 times. Other supporters of the bill repeated that promise. It was a promise. It was a promise to the American public. It was a promise he knew would not be kept. It was a promise about which the supporters of the bill knew there was no way under ObamaCare that people would be able to keep their health care plan, that they would become able to keep and maintain the relationship with the doctor they trusted, knew, and had faith in. 
President Obama called it a promise. 
PolitiFact had another name for it. PolitiFact, in 2013, termed that prom-ise its ‘‘Lie of the Year.’’ Think of that. The President of the United States was trying to sell a massive re-structuring of a health care system— and that is what he was trying to do. He was trying to sell it. He was mar-keting a bill, a law, a concept, and in order to market that concept, Presi-dent Obama and other supporters of the bill repeatedly made a promise that PolitiFact termed the ‘‘Lie of the Year’’ of 2013. 
I come from the private sector. It is 
incumbent on people in the private sec-tor, when they are selling products to consumers, to tell the truth about the product. If you don’t, you will be ac-
cused of consumer fraud. You can be sued. You can probably be sued out of existence. Imagine how the trial bar would treat a businessperson who tried to sell a product by making a promise that turned out to be 2013’s ‘‘Lie of the Year.’’ I don’t believe that business would be in business today. 
ObamaCare, at its heart, is a massive 
consumer fraud—a massive consumer fraud. So the purpose of my amend-ment has the purpose of a piece of leg-islation I introduced in 2013—the same thing. It is designed to honor the prom-ise that President Obama made and that he did not keep—the promise that was made under ObamaCare that was not kept. 
The bill I introduced in 2013 was sim-
ply titled ‘‘If You Like Your Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.008 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8255 December 2, 2015 
Care Plan, You Can Keep it Act.’’ What 
is rather unique about my piece of leg-islation is that it used the exact same wording of ObamaCare. ObamaCare ac-tually did have a section in it called a grandfather clause that purported to allow people to keep their health care and allowed them to maintain their re-lationship with their doctor if they liked their health care plan and their doctor. The problem is it was a grand-father clause that allowed you to keep your plan as long as you completely changed it. So what my bill in 2013 did was it just said: Listen, you can actu-ally keep your health care plan and you don’t have to change it. 
That is what my amendment does 
today. It restores that promise—the promise of President Obama and the supporters of ObamaCare. Let me use the real name: The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Of the Orwell-ian-named laws that have been passed through this Chamber, this is probably the most Orwellian because the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act did neither, because that promise was not 
kept. It was a lie. Patients weren’t pro-
tected. They lost their health care plan. We have all received letters from constituents, often heartbreaking let-ters. There was a couple in Wisconsin, they both had cancer. He is recovering from prostate cancer. She had stage IV lung cancer. They had health care in the State high-risk pool. They could af-ford it. It worked for them. They lost it because of ObamaCare. They called our office panicked—panicked—because they couldn’t log on to healthcare.gov. They tried almost 40 times. They lost their health care plan. That promise was broken. I don’t hear supporters of the law pointing to those individuals. 
So my amendment would restore the 
promise that if you had health care that you liked in 2013, insurance com-panies can offer those same plans again. They were far more affordable— far more affordable. As I just stated with that one little example, patient protection in the Affordable Care Act didn’t protect patients, and it certainly hasn’t been more affordable. We have also received hundreds of letters from people whose premiums have doubled, their out-of-pocket maximum has dou-bled and tripled. They can’t even afford to use the health care they were able to secure because it has become so ex-pensive. The reality of ObamaCare is it has been a miserable failure, and the promises made under it literally were abject lies. That is the reality. That is the very sad fact. 
I encourage all my colleagues to 
unanimously support the promise President Obama and the law’s sup-porters made and vote for my amend-ment, which would allow Americans, if they like their health care plan, if they like their doctor, they actually will be able to keep it. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I thor-
oughly support the right of my col-league to his opinion, but we have 
never had more people insured in mod-ern history because of ObamaCare. It doesn’t mean it is perfect, but let me tell you—I don’t know what my col-league’s constituents tell him, but I will tell you what mine do. They say thank you. Thank you for the fact that I can get insurance. Thank you for the fact that I can get it even if I have a heart condition. Thank you for the fact that my child can stay on my policy until he is 26 years old. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the lifesaving preventive care I get. Thank you. Thank you for the cheaper prescription drugs. 
So people live in a different universe, 
I guess, but I prefer to stick with the facts, and the facts are millions and millions and millions of Americans now have the peace of mind of being in-sured. They don’t become a burden on their families, they don’t become a burden on the emergency room, and they don’t become a burden on their communities. I thank President Obama for his courage. We can fix what is wrong with ObamaCare, but time and time again—more than 50 times—they tried to repeal it, the GOP, and they are going to try again, and they are going to fail again. Secretly, I think they hope they fail because they have nothing—nothing—to replace it with. It is kind of a joke. Nothing. Oh, let’s just open up the free market. Well, folks, we tried that forever. ObamaCare isn’t government care. It is insurance exchanges, and it is Medicaid expan-sion in those States that wish to have it. I have to tell you, in those States who have it, the people are very happy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2876 
I rise not only to respond to that at-
tack on health care that we have heard again for the 90th time from the other side, I really rise to thank Senator 
M
URRAY . I thank her again for her un-
believable leadership in protecting women’s health. Beyond that, she is a leader in protecting children’s health, men’s health, families’ health, and our seniors’ health. Today what she is doing is very important. She is saying to the Republicans: We don’t like the fact that you are defunding a health care organization that serves 3 million Americans every year with lifesaving health care, preventive health care, STD testing, breast cancer exams, and these 3 million Americans want us to stand and fight for them. That is what Senator M
URRAY is doing today, and I 
am proud to be by her side. 
What she is simply saying is, no, we 
are not going to defund Planned Par-enthood. She is going to strike that out of this bill they have put forward, but also we are going to pay for an ex-pansion of women’s health care because we know all you have is your health. Just ask people who may have every-thing else in the world, but somebody gets cancer, somebody gets a heart at-tack, somebody gets a stroke, someone in the family is diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s, Parkinson’s, their whole world is turned upside down. So what do my friends on the other 
side do? They strike funding from an organization that has more respect in this country than their party or my po-litical party or this Congress has. Well, it would be easy to beat the reputation of this Congress, but the vast majority of the American people understand the role of Planned Parenthood. 
So I strongly support this amend-
ment, and I want to reiterate some-thing Senator M
URRAY said. Repub-
licans have introduced more than 40 bills to take away women’s health care in this Congress—40 bills—40 bills. And then they say: Oh, no, we are not con-ducting a war on women. Yes, you are. Yes, you are. When you want to turn the clock back to the days when women died from back-alley abortions, you are conducting a war on women. By the way, if you don’t believe a woman should have the right to choose, I respect you. Take that ide-ology to your own family, of course, but don’t tell everyone in America they have to think the way you think. I don’t tell them they have to think the way I think. If I have a constituent who says: Senator, I have a certain be-lief and it means no abortion, I say: God bless you, of course. But if you don’t have that belief and you do be-lieve in Roe v. Wade—which most of the people in this country do, where a woman should have the right to choose early in her pregnancy without govern-ment interference—if you do believe in that, and that is the law of the land, then you should have that right. 
May I ask that there be quiet? Thank 
you. This is a very serious point—a very serious point. 
I have to say, you have now, over on 
the other side, in the House, a new spe-cial committee which is going to con-tinue the witch hunt on Planned Par-enthood. Why do they need a new com-mittee? They have several committees. I served proudly in the House for 10 years. There are so many committees that have jurisdiction over health, health care, science, and the rest. If you want to repeal Roe v. Wade, if you want to take away a woman’s right to choose, then have the courage to intro-duce an amendment and do it—just do it. The last time it was done, it failed, here, but if that is what you want to do, I respect you. Come on down and say you think abortion should be a crime, subject to jail time for women, for doctors. Go ahead. Do it. Do it. I will debate you. 
I was thinking the other day, the 
GOP has changed—the Grand Old Party that I knew. The first President George Bush was on the board of Planned Par-enthood—was on the board of Planned Parenthood. I was on the board of Planned Parenthood in the 1970s. I was one of the few Democrats. This was a bipartisan issue, women’s health, re-productive freedom. It was not a par-tisan issue. So the Grand Old Party has changed from the GOP. I call them the POP, the ‘‘party of the past.’’ They are the party of the past. Not only do they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.010 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8256 December 2, 2015 
want to reverse Roe v. Wade, but they 
don’t have the courage to come down and do it directly. Oh, no, they defund Planned Parenthood. Come on. I wasn’t born yesterday. It is obvious, and I know what this is all about: take away the clinics, take away the health care, take away women’s right to choose. It is happening all over the country. If 
you don’t like Roe v. Wade, come down and try to overturn it here. 
OK. Now, fetal tissue research. There 
are organizations all over this country that do make fetal tissue available to save lives—to save lives. How long has this been in place? It was under Ronald Reagan, when he was President, that he set up this special committee that was headed by a pro-life judge, an anti- choice judge. They studied this and said it is very important to do it—very important to do it. 
In 1993, Congress voted to federally 
fund fetal tissue research. If you don’t like fetal tissue research, if you think we ought to stop it, come down with a bill, introduce it, and we will argue it. If you don’t want to do fetal tissue re-search, if you don’t think it is good to find cures for Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s, you come down and put the bill in the hopper. Oh, no, they don’t want to do that. They just want to conduct a witch hunt on one of the organizations that help make fetal tissue research possible, and this after—this after they had the head of Planned Parenthood before the Congress for 4 or 5 hours straight, only topped by what they did to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. I think she was there 11 hours. So after all those hours that Cecile Richards—and they asked her what she was paid to do her work. I never heard them ask anybody else what they get paid. As it turned out, she was on the low scale of what equivalent jobs are. That is not the point. They harassed her for hours—hours—and their rhet-oric was not good. 
What we say matters. What we say 
matters. When I say I respect people who feel they would never allow their child or their wife to have an abortion, I respect that, but if somebody else says we agree with Roe v. Wade that in the early stages it ought to be an op-tion for women and their family, I re-spect them. I don’t demonize one side, but the other side does over and over again. I have stood on this floor for many years now, frankly, with my col-league P
ATTY MURRAY and my col-
league D IANNE FEINSTEIN , and we have 
heard mostly men come down and lec-ture us about how it is terrible. Roe v. Wade should never be the law of the land. There should be no abortion, and the rest of it. That is their right. I do not believe it is their right to take away funding from an organization that serves 3 million Americans a year and saves lives. 
So while Republicans—the party of 
the past—have put in 40 bills to take away a woman’s right to choose, essen-tially, we say today, through the Mur-ray amendment, we are looking at the future, we are looking with clear eyes, 
we are looking at our people, and we support people who go to Planned Par-enthood for their health care, and we are going to vote—and I pray we win this vote—to strip out this attack on Planned Parenthood. We are here to say: Stop this assault on women’s health care. It is wrong. It is abso-lutely wrong. 
I want to put it into context. I said 
that Planned Parenthood serves 3 mil-lion people. I want to give even more specifics. Four hundred thousand women receive their Pap tests to pro-tect themselves against cervical can-cer. They want to stop that funding. They want to take away services from 400,000 women. They say: Oh, no, we really don’t. They will go other places. They will go to little health care cen-ters. 
Excuse me. I have those health care 
system centers—more than anybody. They are overworked, overloaded, and they support Planned Parenthood. They are attacking 500,000 women who get breast exams, and if a doctor finds a lump, they refer them for a mammo-gram. They go after women and men who have nowhere else to turn for their most basic health care. We have been down this road before. 
A few months ago in this very Sen-
ate, we defeated the Republicans’ at-tempt to defund Planned Parenthood, but they are back again with the same old, same old party of the past atti-tude. They are attacking Planned Par-enthood because Planned Parenthood has a host of services, 97 percent of which have nothing to do with abor-tion. If you don’t want to have abor-tion legal, you want to make it a crime, you want to put doctors in jail, you want to put women in jail, then come down here and put something in a bill form, repeal Roe v. Wade, and criminalize abortion. 
I am old enough to remember when it 
was a crime. Let me tell you some-thing. There are graves all over this country with women who died from back-alley abortions and botched abor-tions. They never said it was from that because then they would have died as a criminal. We are not going to go back to those days. The party of the past is not winning on this. They are not going to win, because President Obama is going to veto this bill. Maybe this next Senate will have a pro-choice Sen-ate for a change. 
In 2011, Republicans threatened to 
shut down the entire Government of the United States of America if Planned Parenthood wasn’t defunded. Remember, 97 percent of what Planned Parenthood does has nothing to do with abortion, but Planned Parenthood is in their line of attack and they haven’t stopped. The rhetoric matters. What they say matters. 
In fact, these attacks go back to 1916 
when Planned Parenthood’s founder was arrested because she was providing birth control information to poor peo-ple. Imagine, a woman was arrested for explaining to some people how they 
could prevent unwanted pregnancies— arrested. I admit that we have come a long way, but these people want to take us back. Yes, a woman was ar-rested for advocating birth control. Now you have Republicans right in this Senate and in this Congress who say that women shouldn’t have access to free birth control. 
If they don’t want to take birth con-
trol, fine. Don’t; it is fine with me. I re-spect it. If you don’t think your family should ever have an abortion, I am with you all the way on your right. That is your right. But this is America. We don’t have Big Government think. We don’t have Big Government telling you what to think about your own body or what your religion should be. 
This is a major issue. I always 
thought the old GOP was the party of independence. We have our views, but people have a right to think the way they want to think. No, that is the old GOP. This is the new POP, the party of the past. 
Let me say this. This is sad. This is 
the 21st century. We should be working together to ensure that every family has access to legal health care. If you want to make something illegal, have the courage to come down here and say it is illegal. Don’t start defunding orga-nizations that give women health care. Also, stop the demonizing rhetoric. One candidate for President on the Repub-lican side called people who were pro- choice barbarians, and he happens to be a Senator. He called us barbarians. 
What we say matters. Political witch 
hunts are wrong. What we say matters. Special committees set up to demonize an organization like Planned Parent-hood—that is wrong. I wrote to Speak-er R
YAN. I asked him to disband the 
latest House committee that was set up. It is costing taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars for a special com-mittee when they have a slew of com-mittees that have jurisdiction over health care and over science and fetal tissue research. It is a political witch hunt being paid for by taxpayers after they hauled the President of Planned Parenthood before them and had her sit there for hour after hour. 
The American people have to wake 
up to this. That is why I am taking all of this time. This isn’t a small matter of supporting P
ATTY MURRAY ’s amend-
ment, which is so important. It is a very simple amendment. We are going to stop them from defunding Planned Parenthood, and we are actually going to increase spending on women’s health. I can assure you that when you catch breast cancer early, it pays divi-dends, first and foremost to the woman and her family—she is going to live— and second of all, to the taxpayers. They don’t have to treat cancer with expensive drugs and surgeries. The same is true when you catch cervical cancer. 
When my friend suggests that we 
spend more on health care to prevent these problems, she is doing something 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.012 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8257 December 2, 2015 
right for the taxpayers. Let’s be clear. 
There is a dangerous climate out there for Planned Parenthood, and it is going to be exacerbated today. Since 1977, there have been 11 murders, 17 at-tempted murders, 42 bombings, and 186 arsons against abortion clinics and pro-viders for doing something that is legal. Anything we say that promotes this kind of terrorism and violence— anything we say that results in this— we should never say. We need to pro-tect medical personnel and staff who put their lives on the line every day working in these clinics, and we should protect the patients who rely on them. 
As my colleague said, imagine a doc-
tor, a nurse having to wear protective gear under their uniform. The Women’s Health Care and Clinic Security and Safety Fund that my friend is pro-posing is very important. It is a very important vote. It will provide com-pensation for health providers who pro-vide the full spectrum of comprehen-sive women’s health care services, and it will enhance safety at clinics. 
The great Ted Kennedy and I worked 
on the FACE Act. That was his bill. The FACE Act was meant to protect patients and doctors at clinics. All those years ago—I was a young, new Senator then, and he asked if I would be his lieutenant and help him get the bill through. 
We got the bill through, but I think 
what Senator M
URRAY is doing today is 
responding to the violence, the in-creased violence, the atmosphere of fear that we see at these clinics. Her amendment also requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to work in coordination with the Attorney Gen-eral’s National Task Force on Violence Against Health Care Providers to sub-mit an annual report to Congress iden-tifying the best practices to ensure the security and safety of clinics, pro-viders, facilities, and staff. We cannot waste another minute on yet another vicious, wrongheaded assault on wom-en’s health. 
As I said, if you don’t want women to 
have the right to choose, then have the courage to come down here and take it away. But don’t do it through the back door by attacking an organization that provides health care to 3 million people every year. If you don’t want fetal tis-sue research that has been legal for a very long time—since 1993 we have had government funding. If you don’t like it, if you don’t think it is helping find cures for diseases, come down here and stop it. Don’t attack an organization that is involved in that activity le-gally. If you want to take us back to pre-1973 when women died in back alleys, have the courage to come down here and make your case. Believe me, we will take you on, but do it because that is what you want. Don’t hide be-hind attacking these organizations. That is a phony way to approach some-thing. Approach it straight ahead. 
We have fought this fight before. We 
have won this fight before. They want-ed to shut down the government. We said: Go ahead; try it. And we beat 
them. 
They are doing it again. I have to 
say, this isn’t about me. This isn’t about Senator M
URRAY . This isn’t 
about any individual Senator on the other side. 
We are here for a little time in his-
tory. In America, we don’t go back. I say to the party of the past: We don’t go back in America. We go forward. We don’t take away rights. We expand rights. We don’t have Big Government telling people what to do in the privacy of their own homes, their own bed-rooms, their own lives. We let them make the decision, as long as it is legal. We are going to fight to make sure men and women across this coun-try continue to get the services they need. We are going to make sure that Planned Parenthood is still there for the millions of women and families who depend on it. 
I strongly support the Murray 
amendment. I compliment her for put-ting it together. I hope we get a good vote—maybe even a majority vote—and make a strong statement for this Sen-ate that we stand with the 3 million people who rely on Planned Parent-hood, and we stand for health care. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I 
have been able to sit in and listen to the debate today about bringing for-ward a bill that will do two simple things: remove funding from the single largest provider of abortions in the country, an organization that has re-cently sold the body parts of children to the highest bidder. Also, we would deal with one of the main issues that I face every single day in my State, as people struggle under the harmful ef-fects every day of the Affordable Care Act, which has proven to be neither af-fordable nor caring to many people in my State. 
Let me say some of the things that I 
have heard recently—that this is all about going after women’s health. As a very proud husband of a very beautiful lady and a proud dad of two beautiful daughters and as a son of a breast can-cer survivor, this has nothing to do with going after women’s health, nor demonizing women, nor the war on women, nor all the other accusations that I have recently heard. This is not about protecting what I have heard called a lifesaving health care organi-zation where 325,000 children died in it last year. This is about a simple thing: children. 
In the past, back in the old days, 
they used to identify tissue as just tis-sue. The wart on your skin and other tissues in your body were expendable, and it was just tissue, so why does it matter? In the past people used to think that way, but now science is able to look inside the womb and is able to count 10 fingers and 10 toes on a child and watch a child suck its thumb. Sci-entists can look inside and take a sam-ple and see that that child has different 
DNA than the mom and dad. We are now able to look inside the womb and see a unique fingerprint that is dif-ferent from the mom and dad’s finger-print. We understand something dif-ferent now because in the past there was a belief that it was just tissue, but now we understand it is not tissue. It is a child. As Americans we believe in a simple thing: life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. It has been what we have been all about from the begin-ning. This is not some attack on wom-en’s health. These are millions of voices rising up around the Nation and saying: We are better than this as a na-tion. 
Why would we continue to supple-
ment the death of children? Why would we do that? Can we be better than that? In the days ahead, I firmly be-lieve we are on the right side of his-tory, those of us who stand up for chil-dren and for those who cannot speak for themselves. The most innocent and vulnerable in our society need our pro-tection. Just because they are small and just because you can’t see them doesn’t mean they are not valuable and can be thrown away. These are children we are talking about—little girls, little boys—and we think it is important that someone in this country speaks out for them. 
I have heard of late that those of us 
who speak for life should be quieter be-cause there are irrational people in the country who would attack a Planned Parenthood clinic. I just have to rein-force this point: No one who speaks for life goes and takes a life. No one who speaks for the lives of children runs out and takes the life of an adult and says that is justifiable. It is not justifi-able. It is horrific. But just like those individuals who speak tenaciously against religion shouldn’t be silenced because there was a shooting in a church, saying people who are anti- faith should suddenly have no voice in America because some irrational per-son shoots someone in a church, the same is true that individuals who speak out for the lives of children shouldn’t suddenly be silenced by being screamed down because an insane per-son does a shooting in a clinic. Both of them are wrong. 
It is reasonable for us to ask a simple 
question: Can we, as a nation, start a conversation again about children with 10 fingers and 10 toes and unique DNA with life and promise? Can someone speak out for them? I think we can. 
This conversation today is also about 
the Affordable Care Act, its promises, and what has actually occurred. There is no question we have major health care delivery issues in America. There is no question we have major insurance issues in America. It has been that way for a while, and it needs desperate reso-lution. 
My State, like many other States, 
started stepping into this. A Demo-cratic Governor from my State led the way with our legislature in 2004 to pass 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.013 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8258 December 2, 2015 
something called Insure Oklahoma and 
start the process in our State, asking: What can we do to try to help the most vulnerable in our State? How can we help provide some supplement to an-other plan? 
We received waivers around Medicaid 
and started working through a process both for those who are employed and not employed to help provide that safe-ty net for those individuals. It was a very successful plan until the Afford-able Care Act was passed, and then the waivers were removed from our State and those individuals under that plan lost their plan and had to change to an-other one. In fact, I had some of those individuals approach me and say: I know this is a plan that is provided by our State so it will be grandfathered into the Affordable Care Act, won’t it? I had to tell them: No, it will not. We have been denied on that. 
It is remarkable to me, as we deal 
with these two topics side by side, how some of the opponents of life can say: We want freedom of choice and Big 
Government out of our lives, but when we get to health care delivery, the big-ger the government, the better. We want less choice. We don’t want States to have the option to do that. We don’t want businesses to be able to choose how they are going to do that. We don’t want individuals to be able to have that choice. We want Big Government to step into people’s lives and their health care delivery and tell them how it is going to be done. It is fascinating to me to be able to see those two issues juxtaposed all of a sudden—get govern-ment out of our lives but get more gov-ernment into our health care. 
Now what do we do? In 2010, President Obama made this 
statement in his State of the Union Address: 
By the time I’m finished speaking tonight, 
more Americans will have lost their health insurance. Millions will lose it this year. Our deficit will grow. Premiums will go up. Co- pays will go up. Patients will be denied the care they need. Small business owners will continue to drop coverage altogether. I will not walk away from these Americans and neither should the people in this Chamber. 
It is an interesting statement based 
on what actually occurred then after the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was actually passed, which is another issue to me. It is interesting to me how now this is really called ObamaCare or the Affordable Care Act. Almost no one calls it the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, when that was originally its name, and now for some reason patient protection has been dropped from our vernacular when this bill is discussed. 
So he made the statement that more 
Americans will have lost their health insurance. I have already referenced how we had thousands of Oklahomans lose their health care coverage as soon as the Affordable Care Act went into place because they were on Insure Oklahoma. That coverage was lost for them. We now have fewer options in Oklahoma for health care. Blue Cross Blue Shield began noti-
fying 40,000 Oklahomans it will no longer offer the Blue Choice provider network to individuals. CommunityCare of Oklahoma, a Tulsa- based company offering health mainte-nance organization plans, has notified the Federal Government it plans to drop out of the Affordable Care Act market. GlobalHealth, another Tulsa- based HMO insurer, said it has already notified Oklahomans it is leaving the Affordable Care Act market. Assurant 
Health, a Wisconsin company that has also covered Oklahomans, has now no-tified the government it is leaving the health care coverage area. UnitedHealthcare, the new participant in Oklahoma’s Affordable Care Act market, has not announced the details of the plans it will offer, but State offi-cials said its rates will be competitive. That will be interesting because next year the rates in Oklahoma will go up, on average, 35 percent. That is not some projected number. That is the ac-tual number that rates will increase in my State—35 percent. 
It is interesting to me that yesterday 
on this same floor I heard arguments back and forth about the cost-of-living increase and the need for individuals who are in a vulnerable position and are receiving Social Security—need that help for a cost-of-living increase. I completely understand the dynamic of that, but at the same time individuals who would support a cost-of-living in-crease for Social Security recipients don’t seem to bat an eye when people in my State have health insurance in-creases of 35 percent next year. Do you know how difficult it is to cover a 35- percent health care premium increase? 
While the President was speaking in 
2010, he said that the premiums will go up. Under the plan he put into place, the premiums will dramatically go up in my State in 2016. The President said while speaking in 2010: ‘‘The copays will go up unless we don’t do some-thing.’’ 
The editorial board of the great Okla-
homa newspaper, The Oklahoman, on November 30, said: 
Numerous reports have noted that policies 
sold through ObamaCare exchanges increas-ingly rely on very high deductibles with lim-ited provider networks. For someone with a major illness such as cancer, these policies are still beneficial. But for relatively healthy people, the deductibles are so high that there’s little functional difference be-tween being uninsured and insured when it comes to an impact on one’s personal fi-nances. 
I cannot tell you the number of Okla-
homans I have talked to who have said this one thing to me: I have insurance because the law requires me to do it, but it is so expensive I cannot use it. So I literally pay for something be-cause I am forced to, but I can’t actu-ally use it on a day-to-day basis be-cause the copays are so high. 
I hear the same thing from doctors 
and hospitals. Hospitals were told that their charity care would go down be-cause everyone will be forced to have insurance. Here is what I actually hear 
from the hospitals in Oklahoma: Their charity care has gone up, all of them. Their charity care and their writeoff have gone up because now those indi-viduals walk into those hospitals and say: I have insurance. But when they get the bill and realize how high their payment will be, they say: I cannot pay it. So the charity care at hospitals has actually gone up. 
This is from a statement President 
Obama made in 2010: ‘‘Patients will be denied the care that they need.’’ Well, let me give you an example. On June 4 of this year, there was a highlight of Kaylen Richter, a 4-year-old who was denied coverage under the marketplace for a prescription she needed for her asthma. We have a loss of choice and a loss of competition in my State. In-stead of more options, we have fewer options. 
Doctors’ offices are selling out be-
cause physicians can’t seem to make ends meet. There are so many require-ments on them, they are selling their private practice and going into larger hospital practices. Hospitals are actu-ally having to take in diagnostic facili-ties. Hospitals are taking care of indi-vidual physician practices. Hospitals are combining with other hospitals. 
Instead of greater competition, we 
see a smaller number of hospitals and a smaller number of entities. Instead, hospitals and entities are becoming larger and larger to be able to sustain that. We have even seen that nation-ally in the insurance market. Because of what is happening in the Affordable Care Act, it is pushing out insurance around the country. Remember the great statement: It is not government- controlled health care, it is insurance. Right now, Anthem, Cigna, Aetna, and Humana are all going through a com-bining process, where those four insur-ance companies that are national, large-scale companies realize they can-not make it under the Affordable Care Act and are merging into one giant company to see if they can make it as a giant company, resulting in fewer op-tions, fewer choices, and centrally con-trolled health care. 
How do we turn this back? I will tell 
you in some ways, you can’t. The Democrats and President, who have passed this, have succeeded in perma-nently changing health care in Amer-ica. 
Those individual physicians who used 
to practice individual medicine all over the country and have now merged into larger hospitals, you don’t undo that. Those individuals who were going to go into medical school but chose not to now, you don’t undo that for a genera-tion. These insurance companies that combined into large groups, you don’t undo that. The diagnostic facilities that are going out of business and merging with large hospitals, you don’t just quickly undo that. They have suc-ceeded at permanently changing health care delivery in America. 
The challenge now is, How do we help 
in the days ahead? What do we do? I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.017 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8259 December 2, 2015 
will say that some things can be done. 
We can continue to provide greater op-tions, but the first thing we can do is stop the hemorrhaging. First, do no harm. First, engage and try to help the people who are affected by this. 
I have offered an amendment in this 
bill that deals with something called the health care compact. It allows indi-vidual States that want to be able to manage their health care to be able to manage the health care in their State. This may seem like a crazy idea except it is already done in every single State right now. Every single State already has a Medicaid process, has a health care authority, and has already made decisions which are severely limited by Federal regulations, but that structure is already in place to take care of the most vulnerable in our Nation. 
The health care compact would allow 
States to be able to broaden their au-thorities and to be able to do what needs to be done in order to take care of the individuals in their State, as my State has tried so hard to do with In-sure Oklahoma and other options to be made available to people in my State that are being forbidden by the Federal Government. This would open that back up and would allow that competi-tion. 
I can assure you that every time I 
speak to smaller rural hospitals in my State, they cannot get the attention of CMS and the Federal Government be-cause they are small and rural and peo-ple in DC don’t know where they are located and they don’t have a big enough lobbying voice. They are just another one of those community hos-pitals out there. That doesn’t happen if they are interacting with people in my State. Because those health care pa-rameters are being set by people in Oklahoma City and our State capitol, they know every small rural hospital and the dynamics and difficulties there. They are not last in line. They are a part of the family. 
Allowing individual States to be able 
to make health care decisions through a health care compact that actually al-lows that State to be able to manage health care in their State is a tremen-dous asset. My State, along with eight other States, has asked for that. It is not an unfair request. It is something we should make available to States that choose to do that. 
Will every State choose to do that? 
No. Some States will probably want the Federal Government to be able to manage their health care. Those States are free to do that, but for States that want to be able to have that choice, allow them to have the freedom to do that. If they have the structure in place to fulfill the needs within their State, why would we forbid it? Why in the world would we say that those of us in Washington, DC, know and care more for Oklahomans than Oklaho-mans? When the folks in Washington, DC, say: No, we care more about that State and those people in that State rather than the people of that State, I think they are misguided. This can be 
done differently. 
What are we up against? We are up 
against real people who face real issues. It has been incredibly difficult for them to be able to walk through the ObamaCare transition. This is not about patient protection, and it has been far from affordable as prices con-tinue to go up. 
Let me read one story from my 
State. It is from a lady who lives in a rural area in my State, which has been one of the toughest areas. The Afford-able Care Act assumes everyone lives in New York City or some metropoli-tan area. Welcome to the rest of Amer-ica. Not everyone lives in big, urban settings. This is one of those folks. She lives in a rural area, not too far, but a good distance, from Oklahoma City. 
She said she sold some land re-
cently—and by the way, she is on a health care exchange. She sold some land recently, which we do in rural America. That made her income go up significantly for that 1 year—one land sale. She said the marketplace doesn’t see it as a 1-year thing, so they take all the information about her subsidies on that before taxes. So it raised her pre-mium from $43 to $400. She said she is going to try to figure out a way to be able to manage that. 
Then she says this: Why does she 
have to pay so much for a plan that is not even usable in her area? No one will take her insurance, and providers are dropping it because they are not getting paid. She has to travel now all the way to Oklahoma City so she can find care at all. All she is looking for is an affordable option and providers in her area that will actually take it. It is one thing to say it provides an option. It is another thing to say people can actually access that option. 
We can do better as Americans. This 
is a conversation we should have. Let’s have it. Let’s talk about a better way to be able to do this. This is not about fixing something. This is about a tran-sition that is happening in health care in America that needs to be corrected. We can never go back to where we were. There has been too much perma-nent damage in the system. Now it is a 
matter of what can be done that is best for people—not what is best for the Federal Government but what is best for the people of our States. Let’s do it. 
I encourage the adoption of my 
amendment, and I encourage the adop-tion of this reconciliation package that is before our Nation and this body in the days ahead. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I have a 
few remarks to respond to my col-league’s remarks, and then I ask—I am not going to be long—to be imme-diately followed by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I 
would have objection to that request if I am not able to respond to the com-ments she makes. Mrs. BOXER. OK, I will just yield to 
the Senator from Connecticut for a question, and I will give him his time that way. 
My colleague from Oklahoma came 
down, and, first of all, he talks about ObamaCare and forgets the fact that there are millions and millions and millions of Americans who now have insurance, the same kind of insurance 
he has as a Senator and I have as a Senator. He forgets the fact, No. 1, that we have seen more people insured than in modern history. He conveniently forgets that fact. He forgets the fact that there are no limits on coverage. Insurance companies can’t cancel a person’s health insurance. 
He talks about children with great 
eloquence—and I am sure he is a fan-tastic parent—but he forgets that 17 million children with pre-existing con-ditions are insured, which is a pretty important point. 
I really have to take offense to some 
of the remarks of my colleague. He makes an eloquent point about States’ rights. He finishes his argument about ObamaCare saying: Don’t have the Fed-eral Government tell my State what to do. Well, in essence, ObamaCare doesn’t do that. We have an exchange. But, yes, we do require people to get insurance. That is true, and that comes from the plan of a Republican Governor named Mitt Romney. Then he says: Leave my State alone. Then he wants to take away a woman’s right to choose an abortion. He wants to do that. He thinks the Federal Govern-ment should do that. So he makes an eloquent point about States’ rights, but he, as a Senator who doesn’t be-lieve in abortion—and that is his total right, and I respect it and I defend it— basically says he wants to decide for everybody in the country that they shouldn’t be able to have an abortion because he doesn’t approve of that. What makes his opinion more impor-tant than mine? There are dozens—it isn’t. This is America. We all have dif-ferent views about when life begins, about Roe v. Wade. Yet he stands here and uses rhetoric that I say is irrespon-sible. That is my opinion. It is my opinion, not his. 
Now, the Senator started off his dis-
cussion by saying the truth, that he has a beautiful wife and a beautiful family. Well, I want the Senator to know I have a handsome husband and a beautiful family. So he has a beautiful wife and a beautiful family, and I have a handsome husband and a beautiful family. What the heck does that have to do with anything else? We are both parents. I am a grandparent. I gave birth. What does that have to do with this conversation? The fact of the mat-ter is it is not about your beautiful family or my beautiful family. It is about the beautiful families out there who, A, need insurance, and B, will make their own decision in America about when life begins, and who will make their own decision in America as to whether they support Roe v. Wade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.018 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8260 December 2, 2015 
Then my friend says that someone in 
his family survived cancer—and thank God. I have had friends who have sur-vived it, and I have friends who have died from it and family members as well. 
This conversation has nothing to do 
with our lives personally. It has to do with the other lives that we impact when we say we are going to take away health care from 3 million Americans who get it from Planned Parenthood. 
Now, my friend lectures us. He has 
done this before. He and I have gone at this before. It is fine. He talks about his deep feelings about how he is against abortion at any stage. Then why doesn’t he come to the floor, after all his rhetoric—I listened to it and I am offended by it, frankly—why doesn’t he come down here and right a wrong that says it is a crime to have an abortion and you should go to jail. That is what he is basically saying, if we listen to his rhetoric, the words he used. No, he doesn’t do that. I checked his legislative record. He just wants to defund organizations that are oper-ating under complete legality—under Roe v. Wade, the law of the land. 
Abortion has been legal since 1973. 
The Senator doesn’t agree with it. I have total respect for that. But if you think it is a crime, then go ahead, in-stead of coming here and giving these speeches about those of us who happen to believe it is up to a woman to decide these issues. He is really basically say-ing we are advocating a crime, and that is offensive. I would never say that to my friend, never. And then, of course, the whole party over there is attacking an organization that is oper-ating legally under the law. Ninety- seven percent of what they do is breast cancer screenings, STD screenings, cer-vical cancer screenings—saving peo-ples’ lives. I have met them. I have looked them in the eye. I know what I am talking about. 
So if you don’t think that 3 percent 
of the work Planned Parenthood does— which is absolutely connected to repro-ductive health, the 3 percent—then come down and say it is a crime. But I bet none of my friends would do that, because if I went to my people and I said Republicans think you should go to jail if you have an abortion or go to jail if you take a contraception—some of them feel that way, not all of them— they would really be in trouble at the polls. 
When you make these verbal attacks 
on people who don’t agree with you, sir, your words matter. Your words matter. They have an impact. You are here because you are eloquent. Your words have an impact, and if what you want to have happen is to put people in jail for performing a legal procedure, come down here and do that, but don’t come down here and say what you think is a crime and then say, there-fore, we are going to defund an organi-zation that is operating illegally. 
Now, my friend from the other side of 
the aisle may not like it, but 3 million people count on Planned Parenthood, 
and his approach is an attack on those 3 million people. More than—I don’t know how many people live in Okla-homa, but I would assume it is fewer than that, perhaps. 
This obsession in repealing 
ObamaCare, despite the fact that it is helping so many people, is of epic pro-portions. We have seen a repeal in the House of Representatives 52 times. 
I wonder if my friend from Con-
necticut wanted me to yield for a ques-tion or if he is going to wait. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I will wait. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, just to 
sum it all up, it is offensive to hear someone describe what is the law of the land as a criminal act. It is offensive, to describe it as a crime. But more than that, if that is what you believe— and I respect your right to believe it— then come up here and do what you are doing. Overturn Roe v. Wade. Tell the women of America they have no right to choose anymore. If that is what you want to do, go ahead and do it. If you want to make it a crime, make it a crime. That is honest. What is dis-honest is to attack an organization that is acting within the law, which is helping 3 million people, and I would say that is what this debate is about. 
I just hope the Murray amendment 
passes today. It will send a strong sig-nal. And if it doesn’t pass, we know this bill is going to be vetoed, because this President understands that this government is not the be all and end all. We are not the moral voice of the universe. We are not. People don’t even like us as an institution. Let them make up their own minds in their own homes, with their own God, with their own family. I support them, whatever their decision is. Whether they are pro- choice, whether they are anti-choice, I will fight for their right to decide for themselves, but I will not force my view on somebody else. That is what being pro-choice means, that you are willing to understand that there are different positions. I don’t have every answer, and the Senator from Okla-homa doesn’t have every answer. It is called humility. I don’t have the an-swer. I will trust my constituents to make that decision. 
I hope that we will stop this attack 
on Planned Parenthood. If this is really about a woman’s right to choose, let’s have that debate. If you want to call it a crime, which I have heard on this floor, then put your bill out there. Tell people they are committing a crime. Put them in jail. Do that. We will have the debate, and we will win that de-bate, but don’t go after organizations that are acting completely within the law. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I yield such 
time as the Senator from Oklahoma needs to respond. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Senators are reminded that they will refer to each other in the 
third person. 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
That was actually the first thing I 
was going to say, that we refer back to Senate rules that we are to address the Presiding Officer rather than each other, and I appreciate the Presiding Officer acknowledging that, according to Senate rules. 
My simple statement today was not 
intended to be offensive. In fact, I think if I went back through the tran-script of what I said—I am looking for what was offensive rhetoric that was stated multiple times by the Senator from California. As I try to think back through what was offensive rhetoric, my saying that children have ten fin-gers and ten toes, unique DNA, and a unique fingerprint doesn’t seem to be offensive. I think also if I went through the legislative record, I never talked about criminalizing anything. I heard multiple times through a conversation on the floor that I was criminalizing, criminalizing, criminalizing. I was ac-tually speaking out for millions of children each year that die and saying: Would we not want to reconsider the new science that has been available in America for decades now, to look in-side the womb and see ten fingers and ten toes and unique DNA and a finger-print that is different from the mom or the dad, and to understand that we have a basic principle as Americans to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness? That is a unique value. 
Even the Supreme Court, when they 
ruled on Roe v. Wade, talked about via-bility. Current science continues to press on what is viable. A friend of mine delivered last year a little girl that was 14 ounces. That little girl is a healthy little girl now over 1 year old, continuing and doing fine. In 1973 that child would not have been viable. She is very much a child. She is beautiful. 
As for this whole conversation about 
millions of people losing insurance if ObamaCare goes away and don’t I care about millions of people and insurance, the issue is not millions of people being covered. There are other ways to be able to help millions of Americans. As I acknowledged when I spoke, there are real issues in health care delivery in America and there are significant issues that continue to this day. My simple statement was that those issues get larger and larger, and my concern is that while individuals would stand up and say we have millions of people covered, they ignore a 35-percent in-crease of premiums in my State. They ignore the reality of a growing copay in my State and that people are forced by law to buy a product they cannot actually afford to use. My simple state-ment is this: Can we not acknowledge— not that there are not millions of peo-ple not newly covered—that we have millions of people now that have a cov-erage that they cannot use and cannot afford to keep yet they are compelled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.019 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8261 December 2, 2015 
by law to do it. In fact, they become 
criminals if they don’t buy the health care coverage required by law. These are real issues and they really do need dialogue. Good civil dialogue will help us work these things out—and cen-tering in on the facts. 
With that, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2876 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
want to thank my colleagues from Oklahoma and California for this ex-change of views, and most particularly I want to thank my colleague from the State of Washington for the amend-
ment that she has offered that would, in effect, remove or eliminate a harm-ful provision in the budget reconcili-ation bill, a provision that would elimi-nate funding for Planned Parenthood and other providers of reproductive health services for women. Very impor-tantly, it would also establish a fund to assist the Department of Justice in monitoring and combating violent op-position to women seeking access to lawful reproductive health services. 
We can have a broad and comprehen-
sive debate on a great many of the sub-jects that are related to the amend-ment offered by Senator M
URRAY , but 
the simple fact is that funding for Planned Parenthood helps with wom-en’s health care. It provides services such as cancer screening, birth control, and STI testing and treatment that simply are inaccessible and unavailable to those women anywhere else. For all the talk about alternatives to Planned Parenthood, the women who receive services through Planned Parenthood have nowhere else to go in so many in-stances. In the majority of the care provided by Planned Parenthood, can-cer screenings, birth control, and STI testing and treatment result in preg-nancies that are wanted and intended and produce healthy children, as op-posed to pregnancies that are unin-tended and unwanted, which certainly in this body and in America generally, no one wants to see. 
So I hope that we have common 
ground here, that an organization such as Planned Parenthood, which does so much good, and the men and women of Planned Parenthood, who have so much courage and fortitude in the face of threats and intimidation that con-front them every day, should be sup-ported, not demeaned or dismissed. Their funding should be enhanced, not diminished. So far as enforcement is concerned, the Department of Justice should be doing more and doing better. It should be provided with those funds that will assist in combatting and monitoring the violent opposition to women who are seeking services. We have seen in just the past few days the impact of that violence, tragically, in death and injury in Colorado. But that tragedy is simply the tip of ongoing and apparently unceasing threats and intimidation at many of those clinics and health care services around the country. So I say with sadness—not 
anger but grief—in seeing the horrific impact of this violence, that the serv-ices are necessary, health care should be supported, and violent opposition should be monitored and prosecuted wherever it occurs. 
Today I pay tribute to clinicians, 
professionals, volunteers, escorts, and all those who support Planned Parent-hood and who continue their work in the face of the dangers that confront them day in and day out. I hope my colleagues will support me in endorsing Senator M
URRAY ’s amendment so we 
can ensure women continue to have ac-cess to these necessary basic health care services. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. At the end of the year, 
Mr. President, when there is so much to do, I think it is particularly impor-tant for this body to try to find com-mon ground on difficult issues, to try to be bipartisan. I mentioned it yester-day, but literally 24 hours ago, I joined with the senior Senator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , on a bipartisan effort to 
deal with this enormous challenge of making sure that when we have break-through cures for serious illnesses here in our country, Americans are going to be able to afford them. Senator G
RASS -
LEYand I teamed up for 18 months, re-
viewed 20,000 documents, did an ex-haustive inquiry into the new drugs that have come out to deal with hepa-titis C, and they are extraordinary drugs. The question is, Will Americans be able to pay for them? Senator G
RASSLEY and I thought it was very 
important to do it because this is what the future is going to be about. 
I know the distinguished Senator’s 
son is very interested in these health issues. As we try to get cures for Alz-heimer’s, diabetes, heart disease, and the question of hepatitis C, it is won-derful to have the cure. The question is, Is it going to be beyond the reach of the people? Senator G
RASSLEY and I, 
for over 18 months, worked painstak-ingly in a bipartisan kind of way, and it has been very well received. So 24 hours ago we were talking about that, and what I am so troubled about this morning is that when we need biparti-sanship more than ever, we are looking at a partisan reconciliation bill that, in my view, will undermine women’s health care in this country by denying funding to Planned Parenthood. 
My view is that to take away health 
care choices from American women that have nothing to do with abor-tion—particularly after the horrific act last week in Colorado—is just an act of legislative malpractice that is beneath the Senate. 
I note that it is going to get a veto if 
it hits the President’s desk. My hope is that this body will not let it get that far. 
It is long past time, in my view, to 
end the ongoing campaign to under-mine the fundamental right of all 
women to make their own reproductive choices and access affordable high quality health care. Millions of Amer-ican women, including tens of thou-sands in my home State of Oregon, turn to Planned Parenthood for the routine health care services that this bill puts at risk. I have read this list on the floor before, but it appears not to be sinking in. So let me repeat it. This bill, for millions of women, could eliminate access to pregnancy testing, possibly gone; and birth control, pos-sibly gone; prenatal services, possibly gone; HIV tests, possibly gone; cancer screenings, possibly gone; vaccinations, possibly gone; testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections, possibly gone; basic physical exams, possibly gone; treatment for chronic conditions, possibly gone; pediatric care, possibly gone; hospital and spe-cialist referrals, possibly gone; adop-tion referrals, possibly gone; and nutri-tion programs, possibly gone. When you wipe out Planned Parenthood’s funding, you dramatically curb access for women in this country to health care services that have absolutely nothing to do with abortion. I know that there is a smear campaign out 
there that says that is not the case, but it is. 
Senator M
URRAY and I have a pro-
posal that has taken a different tack. Our amendment says that instead of putting women’s health care at risk, let’s do more to guarantee that women in Oregon and Washington and Alaska and across the country get the high quality care they need. Let’s help our health care clinics treat more women, and let’s help them keep their patients safe when they walk through that door. The proposal that Senator M
URRAY and 
I have put forward, in my view, is wor-thy of support from Democrats and Re-publicans. That has always been the case. 
I have enjoyed talking to my new 
colleague from Alaska, and we talked about what has happened to this ques-tion of the Senate’s historically bipar-tisan approach, which is why I spent some time talking about how proud I was to team up yesterday with the dis-tinguished senior Senator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , on this question of 
making sure that when there are breakthrough blockbuster cures, people can actually afford them and can actu-ally get them. Those kinds of issues, along with women’s health, ought to be a bipartisan cause. It has historically been a bipartisan cause. My hope is that my new colleague from Alaska, the distinguished Presiding Officer of the Senate, is going to continue that as we talk about that kind of historical approach where we try to find common ground on issues such as women’s health care. 
I also wish to note, colleagues, the 
reconciliation bill involves the Senate Finance Committee. Chairman H
ATCH , 
of course, chairs the committee; I am the ranking member. We have a signifi-cant role with respect to these public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.021 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8262 December 2, 2015 
health programs, and we have tried to 
work in a bipartisan way. But this rec-onciliation bill is a rejection of biparti-sanship. It is going to pump more noise into the echo chamber, but my view is it is going to drive the parties further apart in this effort that I look forward to talking to our new colleague about, which is how we are going to get people together to work in a bipartisan way for improving women’s health care. 
When you create such a vitriolic 
fever pitch, there are obviously real consequences. To me, the politics of hostility and extremism help spark a culture of violence. And amid that dan-gerous and toxic culture, a man walked into a Planned Parenthood clinic deter-mined to do enormous harm. In my view, it attacks women’s health. It is an attack on the American public, and it cannot be tolerated. It must be fought and resisted at every oppor-tunity. 
At a moment when the Senate has a 
long list of issues to wrap up before the year’s end and many serious challenges to face, my view is that we ought to be in the business of trying to solve prob-lems, not create more of them. It is not as if there is a shortage of things that have to be addressed; we have plenty of stuff. So why in the world would we want to reject the Senate’s long tradi-tion of bipartisanship and take a very partisan turn with this reconciliation bill? 
I hope my colleagues will support the 
Murray-Wyden amendment when we vote on it, end the campaign against women’s health, and do everything we can to restore the historic tradition of this body working in a bipartisan way on women’s health. 
Without going into too much of the 
history when I was thinking about coming over and thinking about the tradition of the Senate, one of the first things that happened when I came to the Senate is I had the opportunity to work with our former colleague Sen-ator Snowe of Maine, who was a cham-pion of exactly these kinds of issues: choices for women and improvements in women’s health care. 
We can have all of that again—men 
and women working together in the Senate on behalf of the States that sent us to support improvements in women’s health. To do that this week you have to support the Murray-Wyden amendment. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I sup-
port the reconciliation bill that is be-fore us. It will do the job. It will end the Affordable Care Act that the Amer-ican people rightly have opposed, and it will put us in a position to repeal this monstrosity of a 1,700-page bill that was jammed through Congress in the last hours before Christmas Eve in 2009. 
I remember that day very well. It 
was a strict party-line vote and was passed despite the objections of the American people. It resulted in quite a 
number of people who voted for it not being in the Senate or the House again, and it remains a decisive issue for our country. 
Six years ago, the American people 
did not favor this legislation, they re-sisted it. But the Democratic leader-ship and President Obama determined they were going to pass it, no matter what the people said. They were going to get this done, and they rammed it through on Christmas Eve of 2009, even though Scott Brown was elected a month later in Massachusetts on a campaign to kill the bill. Had he been here at that time, there would have been only 59 votes, insufficient votes to shut off debate, and the bill would not have passed. He won in Massachu-setts—one of our most liberal States— on a campaign that said: I will be the vote that kills this legislation. So I want to say first and foremost that the American people knew this wouldn’t work. They opposed it from the begin-ning, they opposed the philosophy of it, and they knew we were going to have a mess on our hands. 
Now we have a majority of Repub-
licans in both Houses. There are 54 Re-publican Senators in the Senate. We are going to move this reconciliation bill, and it will end the effectiveness of ObamaCare. But we know the Presi-dent will veto it. 
I will just say this, colleagues. This 
is a historic moment. This is a moment of great importance nearly 6 years after this bill passed. You can be sure the people who pushed it to passage were absolutely confident that al-though the people opposed it then, they would get used to it, they would go along with it, and it could never be re-pealed. But that has not happened. The voters have elected Members of Con-gress to oppose this legislation. The polling data shows continued strong opposition to this legislation. What we are going to do is establish that the elected Congress, a majority in both Houses, opposes this terrible law and we will vote to end this incredible piece of legislation. 
We knew it was bad, but there was no 
way we could have understood what was in all of those pages. Health care is utterly complex. It is so different in every state from Wyoming, Alabama, New York, Massachusetts, and Cali-fornia, and even cities within the States—it is all different. So, a one- sized-fits-all approach dictated by the federal government simply will not work. 
The Federal Government cannot run 
anything very well, frankly. We abso-lutely do not need to be involving our-selves in and dominating health care in America. That is not the way to get better health care for our people. 
It was obvious from the beginning 
that we were going to have high costs and difficulties, but it actually rolled out with more difficulty than people could have imagined, starting with the failed computer systems. We had Democrats and Republicans concerned 
over how it was being carried out. It was bad from the beginning, and things are not getting any better. 
One of the most dramatic promises 
the President of the United States made to the American people was in September of 2009. In pushing for this legislation, he said: 
The plan I’m announcing tonight would 
meet three basic goals. . . . it will slow the growth of health care costs for our families, our businesses, and our government. 
Well, that has not happened. In fact, 
health care costs for the insured in America are surging. In Alabama we are seeing 28 percent increases in pre-miums. I am going to read some letters from people who say what has hap-pened to their insurance premiums and how incredibly high the deductibles are. No one has written my office to tell me that their healthcare costs have decreased. 
President Obama went so far at one 
point to promise that his health care plan would ‘‘bring down premiums by $2,500 for the typical family.’’ 
The American people didn’t buy that. 
They have heard these kinds of big gov-ernment schemes before. They want to go to their doctors. They were pretty confident in their plans, and they were worried about costs, so this promise meant a lot to them. The President of the United States had said that costs were going to come down. That meant a lot, but they were skeptical. Their in-stinct, though, was correct because it hasn’t happened, and health care costs have continued to go up. 
The administration has acknowl-
edged that many consumers will see noticeable premium increases—and in-deed we have—when buying health care on the ObamaCare exchanges in 2016. According to Health and Human Serv-ices’ own data—government’s agency— premiums would increase by an aver-age of 7.5 percent for the benchmark silver plans in 2016 in 37 States using the exchanges, which includes Ala-bama. But, the rates for the bench-mark plan in Alabama will increase by even more than that in 2016—by 12.6 percent. 
For 2016, Blue Cross Blue Shield of 
Alabama, the largest insurer in the State, reported an increase of 28 per-cent for individual plans and 13.8 per-cent for small group plans. These are huge costs. Currently, Blue Cross Blue Shield plans on the Obamacare ex-change cover about 174,000 Alabamans. This is real money for a lot of people. 
BCBS initially proposed to increase 
the premiums for the platinum plans, 
the highest coverage, by 71 percent but later reported a final increase of 28 per-cent. We saw the same trend with the gold plans—BCBS initially requested a 53 percent increase, but it was finally reduced to 28 percent. 
UnitedHealthcare, the second largest 
insurer in the State and one of the largest in the country, reported an av-erage increase of 24.5 percent. This amounts to real money out of the pockets of real Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.023 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8263 December 2, 2015 
So, it is clear that the healthcare law 
is fundamentally raising costs, reduc-ing choice, and is opposed by the Amer-ican people. 
In June of 2009, President Obama 
stated: 
If you like your health care plan, you will 
be able to keep your health care plan. Pe-riod. 
That meant a lot to people. A lot of 
people said: Well, if they do all that— but if I can keep my plan, I am not too worried about it, as long as I can keep my plan. 
Did that turn out to be true? No, it 
did not. By the end of 2013, the Associ-ated Press reported that 4.7 million Americans received cancellation no-tices for their insurance plans due to the Affordable Care Act. 
In 2013, PolitiFact defined the ‘‘Lie of 
the Year’’ as President Obama’s prom-ise that ‘‘If you like your health care plan, you can keep it.’’ 
They just said it. Costs are going 
down, and you can keep your health care plan if you want to. They contin-ued to say that, and they were able to get the law through Congress. But even then, the polling data showed the American people did not support this plan. Scott Brown of Massachusetts ran on it in the liberal State of Massa-chusetts. He said: Elect me, and I will be the vote that kills it. But, they got it done before he could take office. 
Under this so-called ‘‘affordable act,’’ 
we have higher premiums and higher deductibles. Great Scott, I am amazed at how high the deductibles have be-come. This is a communication from an individual in the Birmingham area. He wrote to me in June of this year: 
I am an owner of a small 10 person CPA 
firm in Vestavia. In our group plan offered by BCBS, for our family of 5 our BCBS health insurance went up by $6k a year last year and we are facing more increases this year from BCBS. In our case, this puts our family spending right at $24,000 a year on health insurance. We are blessed enough that we don’t qualify for a subsidy and our new policy has less coverage much higher deductibles and more out of pocket costs than ever before. But that said, we are cur-rently spending 18% of our family’s AGI on health insurance premiums. 
He is not happy. 
Another individual from Mobile, AL, 
writes me: 
First year premiums 300 per month, last 
year 405 dollars per month and now for 2016 premium to be 1562 per month. I am being pe-nalized for having worked all my life and having a retirement and income that puts me in an area with no subsidy. The premium is more than what I get from Social Secu-rity. This is going to put me into a area where we decide, my wife and I, on whether or not to get insurance. 
This is from a Ph.D., who wrote: 
For the first time, in 2011, my medical in-
surance premiums exceeded my mortgage, and they have continued to climb ever since. I now pay over $1,400 a month for mediocre coverage, and it’s breaking us. . . . We need a new approach that is market driven and consumer oriented, an approach that doesn’t penalize people for failure to participate in the market through a cleverly disguised fine designed to coerce participation from the 
free citizens of these United States. 
Another individual in the Mont-
gomery area wrote: 
We just received notification at my place 
of employment that our health insurance premiums are going [up] at least 25 percent this year and possibly 40 percent next year. As the controller here, with 100 employees, we cannot afford these increases. We have al-ready seen our benefits reduced to try to keep the costs lower but if we keep on at this rate we will be paying even more for less coverage. 
That is the real world. And I feel 
strongly that this is happening out there all over our country. 
What I want to say to those who are 
frustrated, who think nothing can be 
done, that is not so. What will be dem-onstrated today is that the majority of both Houses of Congress has the ability to pass legislation that will essentially eliminate this plan and require a com-plete overhaul of our health care sys-tem. We have the votes to do it. Yes, it will be vetoed by the President of the United States. He has rejected any and all improvements ever since the bill was passed. He has fought virtually ev-erything that would make the bill bet-ter. No changes can be made in this legislation. But he won’t be President forever. We are going to have another President soon. That is a fact. And this new President can sign a reconciliation bill. We will then be able to improve health care in America, to use common sense and not create a government bu-reaucracy of monumental proportions, and to actually serve the people we represent. We can enable them to have the type of health care policies that they need, at prices they can afford, and help people in need, in the same way we do today. But, we will elimi-nate this entire government takeover of healthcare. 
Several years ago, when asked if he 
believed in a single-payer plan for health care in America, Senator R
EID, 
the Democratic leader, said: Yes, yes, absolutely yes. I raised that in the Committee on the Budget, and we had two Democratic members say: I, too, believe in a single payer for health care in America. One said: I will acknowl-edge the health care law is not work-able today, and the only way to really make it work is to go to a single payer—in other words, a government- dominated health care system in Amer-ica. I don’t think that is the right way to go. The American people don’t think that is the right way to go. They op-pose that now, they opposed it stead-fastly throughout, and they are being proven correct. It is not working. The promises made for it were wrong then and are being proven wrong every month that goes by. 
Mr. President, this is an important 
vote. Don’t let anyone suggest it is not. It is a definitional vote: Do you want to fix the broken health care system or do you want to just continue it with no real reform? That is the choice. 
I hope we will have bipartisan sup-
port for making this kind of change. I hope and believe that if this legislation 
is vetoed by this President, we will have a new President in not too many months who will sign such legislation and allow us then to create the kind of positive health care system the people of this country deserve. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I want 
to say that it has been interesting to hear the debate. It has touched on a lot of things that are close to my heart and that I know are close to a lot of other people’s hearts, which is getting health care to more people—health care that is affordable, health care that wasn’t available before—and also, frankly, making sure we don’t have at-tacks continue on an organization called Planned Parenthood that deliv-ers lifesaving health care to 3 million Americans each and every year. 
There are a couple of points I would 
like to make. In a very strong debate I had with the Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. L
ANKFORD , I stated that I was of-
fended because I believed that—Mr. President, I will go through you. The Senator basically said that those of us who are pro-choice are essentially sup-porting a crime against children, and he took issue with that and said he didn’t. Well, I want to place in the R
ECORD his exact words, if I might. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. This is from the tran-
script. After talking about abortion, he says: 
Why would we continue to supplement the 
death of children? 
‘‘Why would we continue to supple-
ment the death of children?’’ As I read the English language, that would be an accessory to a crime. So I stand by my words. And I would say again, if the issue is whether abortion should be legal, that is a fair issue. And I think if people feel it is a crime, then they ought to come down here with their legislation to put women in jail. I think that debate would be important. But they shouldn’t attack an organiza-tion that is legal—Planned Parent-hood—that is living within the law, and 97 percent of what they do has nothing to do with choice, and the other 3 percent is totally legal. 
The GOP has tried to repeal 
ObamaCare dozens of times. This is an-other time. I do agree we have to fix certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare. Absolutely. In my State, it is a raging success. In Cali-fornia, I want you to know we have 40 million people, so this is a very big test case. We are like the fifth or sixth larg-est country when it comes to the econ-omy. We have seen the uninsured rates in California drop from 17.2 percent in 2013 to 12.4 percent today—in 2014. We have seen more than 4 million pre-viously uninsured Californians get some sort of health care coverage. And I can say that, yes, we have to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.024 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8264 December 2, 2015 
sure the competition works. What we 
have in place is not a single-payer law. We have in place an exchange where private companies come in. The com-petition is important, and if it isn’t ro-bust, there are going to be these in-creases. So I think it is very impor-tant. For the people who can’t afford to get insurance off Covered California, which is our exchange, we have seen 3.5 million more Californians enroll in Medi-Cal thanks to the Medicaid ex-pansion. 
Also, in this country, 30 million 
women with health insurance are able to access contraception without any cost-sharing. That is very, very impor-tant because I would hope we would agree that unintended pregnancies are not what we want regardless of wheth-er we are pro-choice or anti-choice. That is important for planning preg-nancies. In 2013 women across this country saved more than $483 million in out-of-pocket costs for birth control. 
I know there is concern about 
ObamaCare that continues and rages on. I think the question is, Do we want to make it work better—of course there are things we can do to make it work better—or do we want to go back to the days when if you had high blood pressure or diabetes, you couldn’t get a policy? 
I remember so clearly constituents 
grabbing me by the arm and saying: My son was born with a disability. I can’t get coverage. What am I going to do? 
People went broke. People lost their 
homes and they lost their savings be-fore the Affordable Care Act. 
As I say, nothing is perfect, nobody is 
perfect—not each of us, that is for sure—and the Affordable Care Act is not perfect. We need to fix it, but what we have heard over and over again from the other side is not a legitimate point; it is just an attack, a screaming attack against ObamaCare—the Afford-able Care Act—and there is nothing in its stead. We have said to the other side: Let us know. Well, the reason there is nothing in its stead is the un-derlying form of ObamaCare—the Af-fordable Care Act—is a Republican idea, and it is that everybody needs to get health care, and it was based on Mitt Romney’s plan that he put into effect in Massachusetts. 
So I could go on and on about the 
amazing results of the Affordable Care Act. I mean, I have had people come up and say: Oh my God, my child can stay on my policy until age 26. That is amazing. I have cancer, and I used to have a limit on what my insurance would pay. Now those limits are off be-cause of ObamaCare. 
So whether it is preexisting condi-
tions, or kicking a child off, or getting sick and then finding out, guess what, that is it for you, I don’t want to go back to those bad old days. I am will-ing to sit down with anyone of good will and fix the parts of ObamaCare that aren’t working. That is fine. But, again, what we see constantly is this trying to completely torpedo—and in 
this case by taking away the funds. In the case of Planned Parenthood, it is just: We do not like the underlying women’s health reproductive laws, so we are going after the face of women’s health—Planned Parenthood. That is an attack on women. 
What we are seeing from the other 
side is an attack on women, an attack on reproductive health care, an attack on the Affordable Care Act— ObamaCare—which, although not per-fect, is saving families, saving lives. This is important. 
I hope we will support the Murray 
amendment today. If that passes, then Planned Parenthood will still be fund-ed. If it fails, the President is going to veto this bill, and we will have enough votes to sustain that. But this is an ex-ercise that is unfortunate because it is an attack on an organization that is doing everything under the law, every-thing that is legal. They had the presi-dent of Planned Parenthood sit for hour after hour after hour after hour after hour, haranguing her—harangu-ing her—a woman who really, in many ways, is working to save lives because when you discover breast cancer early—I think the Chair would agree with me—it is so treatable and so cur-able. If you find STDs, you can treat them. If you find cervical cancer in an early stage, you can save a life. That is what they are doing. 
As my friend Senator W
YDEN said—he 
is the ranking member of the Com-mittee on Finance and a champion for women’s health and health in general— the fact is, 97 percent of what Planned Parenthood does are these screenings, these important screenings. This is basic health care—making sure some-one’s blood pressure is OK. There are so many people who go there for their first line of health care. The fact that they are in women’s reproductive health care—3 percent of their work entails that. It is legal. It is legal. It has been legal since 1973. 
I say to my friends on both sides who 
don’t like it, if you don’t like it, come down here and try to change the law. Make it a crime. Do what you want. We will fight you. We will beat you. But that would be honest. What isn’t hon-est is attacking an organization that has been in place for almost 100 years and the rhetoric associated with it. 
We have seen across this country—I 
am not talking about Colorado because the facts aren’t in—an increase in threats to doctors, nurses, patients, and clinics. We have seen real prob-lems. So what we say matters. What we do matters. I want to thank my friend, who has worked so hard on this. I am so strongly supporting the Murray- Wyden amendment. I think it is abso-lutely critical. What I love about it is you expand access to health care, but you pay for it. That is really impor-tant. 
So let’s come together over party 
lines. Let’s support that amendment, and let’s defeat this attack on the Af-fordable Care Act, which, yes, we can 
make better. But to toss it out or to make it unworkable with cuts that we see in these reconciliation bills would be a blow to tens of millions of Ameri-cans. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The Senator from Wisconsin. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2875 
Mr. JOHNSON. Madam President, I 
was listening to the good Senator from California use a couple words, obvi-ously, calling the health care law the ‘‘Affordable Care Act.’’ To use the full name, the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act is a real Orwellian name. She used the word ‘‘amazing’’ about the act. 
She also accused Republicans of at-
tacking women. Let me read an email I received from a 60-year-old woman in Spooner, WI, who describes an attack on her by the Patient Protection and 
Affordable Care Act. The email reads: 
I am a 60-year-old married female and have 
maintained an individual health insurance policy since retiring from teaching in June of 2012. Prior to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, my monthly premium was $276.16 a month. On December 1, 2014, the premium increased by 23 percent to $339.68 to comply with the coverages of the Public Health Service act. That is a 23 percent in-crease. In August 2015, I received notification that my insurance plan was no longer avail-able, and in order to comply with the Afford-able Care Act I would have to have new cov-erage effective December 1, 2015, with an an-nual premium of $661.94, a 95 percent in-crease. 
Let me just review that. Prior to the 
Affordable Care Act, this 60-year-old woman in Spooner, WI, a retired teach-er, was paying $276 per month for her health care, and she lost her health care plan. She could no longer buy that plan. Another plan was going to cost $661.94—a 95-percent increase in 1 year. 
Today, October 31, 2015, I received notifica-
tion that the ACA requires all coverage to renew on January 1st of every year, and that effective January 1, 2016, the premium would be $786.68, an increase over the December premium which would be in effect for only 1 month of 19 percent. 
So she summarizes: 
The increase in my premium between No-
vember 2014 and January 2016 is $510, a 185 percent increase. 
She asked the very legitimate ques-
tion of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. She asked: ‘‘How is this affordable?’’ Of course, the answer is, it is not, and she was not protected. She goes on: 
I have worked since I was age 16, and I 
have maintained my own health insurance either through my employer or individually. Now at age 60 I find that I can no longer af-ford the $9,440 annual premium for my health insurance. My husband and I are not wealthy. We have always lived modestly and saved as much as possible so we could live comfortably in our retirement. Now we are penalized for that savings, because our com-bined incomes, my husband is on Social Se-curity and has income from a 401(k), we do not qualify for any financial assistance. 
She ends with a pretty simple sen-
tence, a pretty simple request—a re-quest that I am going to try to honor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.026 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8265 December 2, 2015 
today. She says: ‘‘Please work to re-
peal this unfair act.’’ 
Let me review this one more time— 
again, the results, the attacks, the as-sault on our freedom caused by ObamaCare, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. This 60-year- old woman from Spooner, WI, prior to ObamaCare was paying $276 per month for her insurance. She could afford it. She liked her health care plan. She probably liked her doctors. Next year, she will be paying $786 per month, a 185-percent increase—actually 2.3 times higher than what she was paying prior to the Affordable Care Act. Again, she lost coverage she liked. That has been the result of ObamaCare for far too many Americans. 
So having listened to the Senator 
from California talk about how Repub-licans are attacking women, I think this email from a real person who has been damaged, harmed by ObamaCare in Spooner, WI—I would say the attack on women has come from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Earlier this morning I offered my 
amendment, and I would like to thank Senator C
ORYGARDNER from Colorado 
for helping me offer it. It is a pretty simple amendment. It was modeled under the bill I introduced in 2013, the If You Like Your Health Plan, You Can Keep it Act. We have a similar type of amendment. It is designed to protect women who are under attack by ObamaCare, such as this 60-year-old woman from Spooner, WI, to restore their freedom—their choice—to be able to buy the health care they could af-ford, that suited their needs, that paid for medicine and health care with the doctor they trusted. 
That is what ObamaCare has taken 
away from the American public, from this 60-year-old woman from Spooner, WI. It has taken away that freedom. It has taken away that choice. It has cost her dearly. It has been an attack on that woman from Spooner, WI. That is the reality. I don’t care how much lip-stick you try to put on the pig we call ObamaCare, the reality of the situation is it has done great harm to real peo-ple, and it is past time—well past time—that we repeal it. I will be pleased to vote yes in honor of her re-quest to please work to repair or to re-peal this unfair act. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
congratulate the Senator from Wis-consin for his amendment. I look for-ward to voting on it, this afternoon, I understand. 
This is actually the promise that 
President Obama made: If you like the coverage you have, if you like your health insurance, you can keep it. But, in fact, we know that has not proven to be true. 
I know when the Senator from Wis-
consin ran for the Senate, one of the primary motivating factors was his own experience with his own daughter. I have heard him tell that story time 
and again. I know he feels strongly about it, as well as he feels strongly about his constituents who have been harmed as a result of this law, which has not performed as advertised. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator 
yield? 
Mr. CORNYN. I will. Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator men-
tioned my daughter, who, by the way, just blessed us with a granddaughter just 3 weeks ago. It is a very short story, if the Senator doesn’t mind me telling it. It did motivate me to run. I think it illustrates how damaging ObamaCare has been and could be in the future. 
Our daughter Carey was born 32 years 
ago with a very serious congenital heart defect. Her aorta and pulmonary artery were reversed. The first day of life, there was an incredibly dedicated, incredibly skilled medical profes-sional—a doctor who President Obama just weeks before had accused of look-ing to fee schedules—not that indi-vidual doctor but doctors in general— to see what they would be willing to charge to take out a set of tonsils or amputate a foot to make a few more bucks. That charge is so offensive on so many levels because those doctors came in on her first day of life at 1:30 in the morning and saved Carey’s life. 
Then, 8 months later, when her heart 
was the size of a small plum, and with 7 hours of open-heart surgery, a team of incredibly dedicated medical profes-sionals in 7 hours of open-heart surgery rebaffled the upper chamber of her heart. Her heart operates backwards today, but she is 32 years old. She is ac-tually a nurse practitioner, practicing in the same hospital where her life was saved. Now she is a new mom, and she made me a new granddad. 
Our health care system wasn’t per-
fect prior to ObamaCare, but it was still a marvel. I am so concerned about the loss of freedom. My wife and I just went to renew our health insurance policy. We are buying it in Wisconsin. We can’t buy a policy that will pay for care outside of the network. Our free-doms are being restricted. If I had that health care today, would I be able to go to the specialist outside of our network and get that first-class care that saved my daughter’s life? I am not so sure. That is why it is vital that we repeal ObamaCare and, at a minimum, vote for this amendment so that if you actu-ally do like your health care plan, this amendment allows you to keep it. 
I appreciate the Senator for yielding 
and allowing me to tell that story. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
appreciate getting to hear that story again. I have heard that story a num-ber of times from the Senator from Wisconsin. I think it shows how special this effort is to try to get people the health care they want at a price they can afford and how ObamaCare has done just the opposite. Rather than being part of this false narrative about 
a war on women, there are a lot of women and young girls who have been harmed by ObamaCare, which has been a disaster. 
Of course, I remember being here on 
Christmas Eve, 7 a.m., 2009, when our Democratic colleagues, then in the ma-jority, had 60 votes and they passed ObamaCare without a single Repub-
lican vote. I think that was a terrible mistake. It was a terrible mistake to take something as important to most Americans or virtually to every Amer-ican—their health care—and totally re-form the health care system in a par-tisan way and one that could not be sustained. Indeed, we have seen in the 5 years since that time that our coun-try’s health care system is in complete disarray. 
We have all read the headlines that 
describe the double-digit premium in-creases and the skyrocketing deductibles that make people wonder why they should buy health insurance in the first place. I guess the answer to that is this: If you don’t, under ObamaCare you are going to get penal-ized. That is the individual mandate that President Obama at one point said he was opposed to when he ran for President in 2008, although I guess he came to love it. 
But that is the way the government 
operates when it mandates what you do. It takes away from your freedom, as the Senator from Wisconsin said, but it also uses coercion and financial penalties to force you to do something you wouldn’t naturally do because it is not good for you or your family. You are being forced to buy coverage you don’t need at a price you can’t afford. So the only way the government makes this function—to the extent it has functioned—is out of coercion, out of penalizing the American people and forcing them to buy something they don’t want. So it is no surprise that such a massive program of Federal overreach comes with a major pricetag. This is something that we haven’t talked about enough. 
In order to pay for ObamaCare, the 
Congressional Budget Office estimates it will cost taxpayers more than $116 billion a year—$116 billion. Over the next 10 years, that pricetag totals more than $1 trillion in new taxes. Now, I know for most of us we can’t even con-ceive of what that number must be, but that is big. That is huge. It is a huge burden on American taxpayers and hard-working families. One reason peo-ple are struggling to pay the premiums for their ObamaCare coverage is be-cause over the last 7 years wages have been basically stagnant. Our economy has been bouncing along the bottom, just barely out of range of a recession. So people are finding their cost of liv-ing going up—their price for food, their price for health care. Perhaps the only good news in the last few years has been that the price of gasoline has come down because of unrelated rea-sons. But people are struggling to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.027 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8266 December 2, 2015 
make ends meet, hard-working middle- 
class families who previously had been thriving in this economy. 
The bottom line is that ObamaCare 
has left the American people paying more for their medical needs while re-ducing access and weakening coverage. The people I work for back home are adamant they want this to stop. So that is the vote we will have tomor-row—to stop this huge government overreach that does not serve the in-terests of the people whom presumably it was designed to protect and to pro-vide access for. 
The phone calls and letters and social 
media posts and face-to-face meetings that I have had in Texas over the last 5 years tell me how ObamaCare has hurt, not helped, hard-working Texans. Last month I received even more let-ters from my constituents who are ex-asperated about their health care plans. I heard from Texans who have lost their doctors and their insurance plans for the same reason that the Sen-ator from Wisconsin mentioned. They no longer covered certain specialties that are outside the network, and that is because they have had to try to find a way to economize. What they have done is they have restricted access to doctors and hospitals. 
Then there are the rising premiums. 
Because of the mandates, you are being forced to buy coverage that you don’t need. For example, healthy men are being forced to purchase maternity care. It makes no sense. Young, healthy individuals are being forced to buy coverage to subsidize older Ameri-cans. 
Then there is the matter of the 
deductibles. If there is one story that I have heard after another, it is from hospitals in Texas, saying that people are admitted to our hospital but they have such a high deductible, it is as if they are self-insured. Many of them can’t afford to the pay the deductibles, so we have to eat it. We have to find a way to provide them health care be-cause we know they won’t able to pay their bill, particularly if it is not with-in the deductible. 
One constituent wrote: 
We were happy with our insurance, but we 
didn’t get to keep it. We were happy with our doctors, but we didn’t keep them. 
The same constituent said, ‘‘Our 
plans to retire early have been side-tracked by the unaffordable cost of healthcare.’’ 
I have also heard from folks who 
have lost their employer-provided health insurance and are now forced to pay double their previous rate. 
One of my constituents wrote: 
Like many other companies [mine] dumped 
its retired employee medical benefits and said go get your own health care insurance. . . . [Before, it] was only $150 a month. Now, under ObamaCare our [insurance] will cost us $366 a month! 
That may not seem like a lot of 
money to a lot of people, but if you are a retired person and you are on fixed income and if you made plans for your future—including your health care—to 
see your health care premiums more than double is a big deal. 
The same person continued: ‘‘I know 
where you stand on this issue, but wanted you to see another example of how terrible the problem is.’’ 
That is a good word for it: ‘‘terrible.’’ I have also heard from other folks 
back home who are forced to spend countless hours of time and energy re-searching new plans because their pre-vious insurance was canceled. The President and his allies in this take-over of America’s health care system have said to some people who liked their health coverage that it wasn’t good enough, so they basically made it illegal to continue to sell it. 
One of my constituents wrote and 
said: 
I have to spend my valuable time research-
ing yet again, a plan that meets my healthcare needs and possibly stays within my budget. . . . where is the affordable in the Affordable Care Act? 
That is another good question. I 
think it is useful to understand that ObamaCare is not a topic that Texans or most Americans are simply indif-ferent about. People care strongly about making this law a thing of the past. My constituents overwhelmingly want this law repealed and replaced with more choices where people can buy the health care they need at a price they can afford. That does not seem like a lot to ask. 
With the increasing reports from 
across the country about how ObamaCare is hurting American fami-lies, there should be no doubt about this vote. Although, I predict this will be a party-line vote where all of our Democratic friends who supported ObamaCare are sticking with it to the very end. But it is unsustainable. It will not work. What we would be more productive in doing is trying to work together to come up with what the al-ternative would be that would provide people more affordable care and the coverage they need. 
The American people have made 
crystal clear—last November, in par-ticular, when they put Republican ma-jorities in both Chambers of Congress— that they want us to do something about this ill-advised, misguided law. I look forward to delivering on our promise to vote to repeal ObamaCare tomorrow evening before we adjourn for the week. 
This legislation we are currently con-
sidering would eliminate more than $1 trillion in tax increases and will likely save the American people hundreds of billions of dollars in future spending. This is a time when our national debt is $18 trillion plus. All we are doing is adding more and more debt to future generations who someday are going to have to pay it back. Maybe my genera-tion will not be around long enough to have to pay that bill, but the next gen-eration and beyond will. 
By repealing ObamaCare, we can 
craft a better way to provide health care options that actually work for 
every American at an affordable price. I look forward to getting this bill passed and hopefully providing relief to millions of Americans who are bur-dened by ObamaCare. 
I wish to close by saying a good word 
about the chairman of the Budget Com-mittee who has been a counselor, ad-viser, and navigator of sorts to many of us in this challenging procedural exer-cise known as budget reconciliation. I am incredibly grateful, not only for the good work he did in assisting us in passing the first budget that we have passed since 2009—that is pretty impor-tant—but now shepherding us through this very difficult process and helping us as the new majority to keep our promise to the American people to re-peal ObamaCare. When we do that and we vote to pass this repeal of ObamaCare tomorrow evening, it will be in large part because of the invalu-able contributions made by the chair-man of the Budget Committee, the Senator from Wyoming, and his able staff. This has been a team effort. There is no doubt about it, but he has been a leader of that team effort. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE SUMMIT  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, as 
the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, my highest priority is America’s security. Let me share with my colleagues how the climate change summit that is tak-ing place in Paris affects global and U.S. security. Climate change is a glob-al problem. Global problems require global solutions. As negotiators from over 180 nations gather in Paris, I think it is important that the Senate take note of this historic moment— when all countries, developed and de-veloping, are finally coming together to tackle the global threat of climate change. The achievement of a new international agreement under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris is our chance to ensure that future genera-tions have the opportunity to enjoy a safer, healthier, and more prosperous world. Time is running out for us to act. 
As world leaders gather to find coop-
erative solutions to combating climate change, I am reminded of the message of Pope Francis’s Climate Change En-cyclical and the environmental crisis facing our planet. Let me quote from Pope Francis. 
The urgent challenge to protect our com-
mon home includes a concern to bring the whole human family together to seek a sus-tainable and integral development, for we know that things can change. . . . I urgently appeal, for a new dialogue about how we are shaping the future of our planet. We need a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.028 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8267 December 2, 2015 
conversation which includes everyone, since 
the environmental challenge we are under-going, and its human roots, concern and af-fect us all. . . . Climate change is a global problem with grave implications: environ-mental, social, economic, political, and for the distribution of goods. It represents one of the principal challenges facing humanity in our day. 
Pope Francis is correct. World lead-
ers are heeding the Holy See’s call for collective action, and for the first time in history, we are on the cusp of reach-ing an agreement where all countries 
will commit to doing their fair share to lower greenhouse gases. Now, 187 na-tions representing 97 percent of the global carbon emitters have already submitted plans to lower or limit their carbon pollution. 
U.S. diplomatic leadership helped 
spur countries like China, Brazil, Mex-ico, South Africa, and others, some of which were previously reluctant to pledge any action on reducing emis-sions or to make serious commitments to curb greenhouse pollution. To un-derscore these commitments, some de-veloping countries are also contrib-uting to the international climate fi-nance mechanisms that will help the world’s most vulnerable populations adapt to the world’s worst impacts of climate change. China alone has pledged more than $3 billion to this ef-fort. 
Now that the United States has fi-
nally persuaded the broadest possible group of countries to take actions against climate change, it is no longer true to argue that the United States shouldn’t reduce its emissions because developing countries refuse to follow suit. We have gotten them all to act. Paris is the best chance we have of forging an agreement where all coun-tries pledge to lower their carbon emis-sions. 
U.S. leadership brought us to where 
we are today, and now the United States must seize the opportunity for a truly global agreement to address cli-mate change. The United States volun-tarily submitted its carbon reduction goals very early in the process. Our de-liberative early action, which included an explanation of the national policies that will result in the achievements of our mission reduction goals, spurred more than 180 countries to do the same. 
China, for example, committed to 
lower its carbon emissions per unit of GDP by 60 percent to 65 percent below 2005 levels and increase renewable en-ergy to account for 20 percent of its electricity generation by 2030. This will require China to build an additional 800 to 1,000 gigawatts of nonfossil electric generation, which is close to the entire installed capacity of all powerplants in the United States. 
The global outpouring of support for 
cooperation is a true testament to the strength of U.S. global leadership on climate change. Optimism and global cooperation in these efforts are at an all-time high, and that is largely due to constructive U.S. engagement. If we want to lock in this progress, we must 
support a strong and ambitious agree-ment in Paris. 
These initial pledges will not put an 
end to global warming, but they are a strong first step that sets the inter-national community on a path to limit the rise of temperature by 2 degrees Celsius by 2100. Continuing on our cur-rent trajectory would result in a pro-jected warming of 3.6 degrees Celsius by the end of this century. But with the pledges currently on the table in Paris, we can lower this to 2.7 de-grees—more than halfway to the 2 de-gree goal. 
More importantly, however, these 
Paris pledges are only the first wave of action. Actions coming out of Paris will give us a lasting framework where-by countries can update their pledges over time to ensure that they meet their global goal of 2 degrees Celsius. 
By implementing their initial com-
mitments and making further invest-ments in clean energy, cheaper renew-able fuels will allow for even more am-bitious carbon reductions in the future. The Paris agreement alone will not end the threat of climate change, but it is a solid first step—one that includes countries at every stage of economic development. 
The private sector has also come out 
to voice its support for this ambitious agreement in Paris. Already 154 U.S. companies, representing $4.2 trillion in annual revenue, operating in all 50 States, and employing 11 million Americans, have signed the American Business Act on Climate Pledge and are voicing their support for a positive outcome in Paris. It is not just govern-ments. It is also the private sector, which we desperately need for Paris to be successful. 
The Paris agreement will help send a 
strong market signal for clean, renew-able energy worldwide, and that long- term certainty is exactly what inves-tors need. If we don’t embrace the clean energy revolution that the world is poised to leap forward into, then our competitors will. It will be the doubt-ers and the deniers who will be blamed for the United States’ descent from a global leader in clean energy tech-nology innovation. 
U.S. deployment of clean energy and 
technologies has grown exponentially in recent years. Renewable energy gen-eration has experienced the fastest growth of all generation sectors. Since 2008, the cost of clean energy tech-nologies has dropped dramatically, fos-tering this growth. For example, with wind energy, as of 2014, there were more than 65,000 megawatts of utility- scale wind power deployed across 39 States—enough to generate electricity for more than 16 million households. In solar energy, by 2014 the total capacity of the utility-scale solar PV reached 9.7 gigawatts with 99 percent of these in-stallations occurring after 2008. This trend has continued with 15 percent of all electric generation capacity brought online from January to Sep-tember 2015 arising from the utility- 
scale PV. 
There is almost limitless growth po-
tential in clean energy. The United States has traditionally led the world in energy technology development for more than a century. U.S. energy inno-vations brought power and light to the world, and that continued spirit of leadership is powering the global clean energy revolution. Strong outcomes in the international agreement that is coming together at COP21 Paris will be a catalyst in the clean energy revolu-tion. The world is looking to the United States for continued leadership. 
This week’s announcement of the 
new Mission Innovation Initiative led by the U.S. Department of Energy and Secretary Moniz, which includes 19 other nations, is a gleaming example of U.S. clean energy diplomacy, sending another strong signal of U.S. coopera-tion and commitments to growing job and investment opportunities in the United States while providing global clean energy solutions that will allow developing global communities to by-pass cheap and dirty power and thrive through deployment of affordable clean energy solutions. It will be U.S. tech-nology helping the global community produce energy in a more cost-effective and cleaner way, thereby creating more jobs in the United States. 
Climate change affects us all. The 
people of Maryland understand that. Those who live on Smith Island in the Chesapeake Bay are seeing their island disappear due to the more frequent storms we are experiencing and the health of the Chesapeake Bay. 
Climate change is also a world sta-
bility issue. Climate refugees are a real concern for regional and U.S. security, so this is a national security impera-tive. The solution is COP21 Paris. Two percent Celsius goals will dramatically improve the environmental health of the planet, thereby helping us with our national security. It will give us en-ergy security because we have renew-ables that are a lot easier to get to and are more plentiful than the fossil fuels. Health energy security will enable us to no longer be dependent on cir-cumstances that occur in other parts of the world. And, yes, we will also create more jobs, particularly by the use of U.S. innovations. 
The Paris agreement will serve as an 
important role in transitioning the world toward more renewable energy which will serve as a source of Amer-ican job growth and innovation and put America back in control of our own en-ergy future. 
Paris is our best opportunity to avoid 
the most devastating impact of climate change. We need an agreement to en-sure that all countries do their fair share to address this problem. In order to lock in years of U.S. leadership, we need an agreement to maintain the clean energy revolution that is so crit-ical to job creation here at home and protecting our Nation’s energy secu-rity, but most importantly, we need an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.030 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8268 December 2, 2015 
agreement to make sure we avoid the 
most catastrophic impacts of climate change that threaten the rights of our children and our grandchildren to pur-sue a healthy, safe, and prosperous life. 
I thank my colleagues for their in-
dulgence, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2875 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, the 
distinguished Senator from Wisconsin has offered an amendment dealing with the Affordable Care Act. I have been talking to the staff of both the Finance Committee and the Budget Committee, and frankly it is a real head-scratcher because it appears that our colleague from Wisconsin is seeking to bring back the so-called grandfathered health plans that existed between 2010 and the end of 2013. We are still trying to sort through this, but at this point it looks to me like something of a health care Frankenstein. It seeks to bring the dead back to life by having all those plans that were grandfathered on December 31, 2013, and died on that date magically brought back to life by the Senator from Wisconsin. Many of the plans that were in existence on De-cember 31, 2013, don’t exist anymore. Plans continually change. Plans also changed in 2014, and they changed again in the beginning of 2015. 
I am a U.S. Senator who believes 
very strongly in the role of the mar-ketplace in American health care, but it seems to me that the amendment by the Senator from Wisconsin, as it is written, distorts marketplace forces. Knowing the Senator from Wisconsin as I do, I can’t believe that would be his intent. We have been reviewing this amendment, and our understanding is that this amendment reflects an ap-proach to private insurance that is not the way private insurance in America works. 
I again come back to my desire to 
work with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and to work in a bipartisan fashion on health care. That is what the distinguished chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee did over an 18-month period when he was working with me on pharmaceutical issues. Yesterday, we issued an exhaustive report to-gether that was bipartisan. What we were seeking to do was to make sure that the wonderful cures that are going to be coming to America to address horrendous illnesses will also be ones that will be affordable and accessible. 
The important point is that this is 
bipartisan, and that is the way the big health care issues have historically been dealt with. But I don’t see how you can turn back the clock on the health insurance market and somehow bring a dead period back to life. Plans change. That is the nature of the pri-vate insurance market. That is the way private insurance in America works. 
I am sure we are going to have some 
more conversations about that, but I do want colleagues to know that at this point, I will have to oppose the amendment offered by the Senator 
from Wisconsin because I just don’t see how we are going to take, as I said, health plans that died and bring them back to life. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, for 
the first time in 5 years, Congress has enacted a full budget that balances. Under our previous leadership, we only passed one budget. We have to look all the way back to 2001 to find the last time Congress passed a balanced 10- year budget. 
It is vitally important that we go 
through the regular budgeting process to ensure we are being efficient and ef-fective when spending hard-working taxpayers’ dollars. 
Now that we have a final budget 
framework, we can have the oppor-tunity to adjust spending and make policy changes to rein in the excesses of this administration. The first step in this is the consideration of the budget reconciliation bill. 
We have before us a budget bill that 
not only reduces the Federal deficit, but it does so by dismantling many of the key provisions of the President’s health care law known as ObamaCare. We are more than 5 years into its im-plementation; however, many of the same problems that those of us who were here during the original debate warned of are still causing harm to consumers, and new issues continue to arise. We continue, unfortunately, to see higher costs, less choice for individ-uals, and higher taxes. 
Prior to open enrollment starting, 
CMS released the ‘‘2016 Marketplace Affordability Snapshot.’’ This shows that across the 37 States that use the Federal marketplace, Kansas included, the cost of the second lowest silver plan, or the benchmark plan, will in-crease on average 7.5 percent as of next year. That number is more than double for Kansas. On average, they are facing a 16-percent increase in the benchmark plan. I would assume the same thing will happen in Iowa, the State of the distinguished Presiding Officer. This is not the promised reduction in pre-miums the President promised. This is simply not affordable. 
Madison from Overland Park, KS, re-
cently wrote to me about her family’s struggles. She said: 
Yet again our rates are going up to the 
point where we cannot afford our health in-surance that I have had since before 2008. Out of network hospital and doctors limit my ability to provide for my children the health care they need. 
Madison, you certainly hit the nail 
on the head. Even if you can afford the increased 
premiums to maintain coverage, the high deductibles may make it nearly impossible for you to utilize the health services under your plan or your doc-tors are no longer in your network, thereby limiting your ability to keep the doctor you liked—another broken promise from the President. 
Another local problem of concern for 
me was the announcement that one of the insurance companies that provided coverage on the exchange in Kansans will no longer be offering plans as of next year. This impacts nearly half of all Kansans enrolled through the mar-ketplace who now will again have to find a new plan and possibly new pro-viders. 
We need to repeal this law—a law 
that includes more than $1 trillion in new taxes over the next 10 years. For Kansas households, the economic im-pact is an average tax increase of $876 a year. 
We need to eliminate the individual 
and employer mandates. The employer mandate is stifling job creation, it is reducing workers’ hours, and it is a dis-incentive for businesses to grow and expand. 
Jeff from Kansas City contacted me 
about this one and the effect the law is having on his manufacturing business. He said: 
Without an exemption [from the employer 
mandate] I will be forced to cut my staff below 50 or let ObamaCare simply put me out of business in the year 2016. Taking the pen-alty by not offering health care to my staff is the least expensive option in 2016 and will still put me in the red. 
These are not the options our job cre-
ators should be stuck contemplating— reducing staff or facing closure. 
The individual mandate tax is set to 
increase on January 1. Individuals opt-ing not to purchase or those not able to afford to purchase insurance next year will now face a penalty of $695 or 2.5 percent of household income, which-ever is higher. Again, let me point out, whichever is higher not lower. 
Removing this penalty will not only 
provide financial relief for these indi-viduals, but it will restore the indi-vidual freedom of all Americans to choose whether to purchase the govern-ment-approved insurance. We need to repeal the so-called Cadillac tax, which if left in effect will lead to reduced ben-efits and increased costs for employers. We also need to remove the medicine cabinet tax—that is the medicine cabi-net tax—a new requirement that people must obtain a prescription to purchase over-the-counter medication—the things we should not need a prescrip-tion for—with funds from people’s flexible spending accounts. 
This reconciliation bill eliminates 
many of the core provisions—the foun-dations, so to speak—of ObamaCare, and without a strong foundation of mandates and taxes to finance this massive overhaul, we can then turn to beginning to fix health care. I empha-size fix health care, not ObamaCare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.031 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8269 December 2, 2015 
We need to give peace of mind to the 
families hurt by ObamaCare. The relief provided by this package does just that. I urge my colleagues to support this bill so we can then provide free-dom to all Americans from the man-dates of this law and give us an oppor-tunity to pursue more patient-centered reforms that will improve access as well as lower costs for patients. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES TO THE FAMILIES OF  
THOSE AFFECTED BY THE SHOOTING IN COLO -
RADO SPRINGS  
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, be-
fore I begin my remarks, I wish to take a moment to express my condolences to the families of those affected by last week’s shooting in Colorado Springs, including the family of Jennifer Markovsky. Jennifer grew up in Waianae, HI. She was killed this past Friday at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado in a senseless act of vio-lence. I spoke recently to Jennifer’s husband Paul to express my condo-lences to him, their two young chil-dren, her parents, and her ohana. 
Madam President, I wish to speak on 
an issue of grave importance to all women of the United States; that is, the Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood. One of my first forays into politics happened when as a young woman I wrote to my elected of-ficials and asked them about their views on a woman’s right to choose. At that time—1970—Hawaii was consid-ering a bill that would legalize abor-tion. In fact, Hawaii became the first State to do so for our residents. 
Choice to me is not something that 
should be restricted, whether it is the right to choose to end a pregnancy or the right to access birth control. Hav-ing control over one’s health care deci-sions is a fundamental right. When a woman has access to a full range of health care services, she has control over her life and her future. Access to birth control and other reproductive options means that women have real control over their economic and per-sonal security. 
This latest attack on women’s repro-
ductive rights by defunding Planned Parenthood is a misguided attempt to demonize Planned Parenthood. There is currently no Federal funding for abor-tion services—a policy that already hinders the ability of lower income women to access a full range of repro-ductive options. Some States such as Hawaii recognize how fundamentally unfair this is and provide State funding for abortion services. 
Limiting the ability of women to ac-
cess health care services at Planned Parenthood clinics across the country is just one part of the Republican anti- women agenda. They refuse to fund day care, family leave or early childhood education. In fact, one Republican health care proposal would allow insur-ance companies to eliminate maternity care. What is going on here? On the one hand Republicans want to deny women 
access to reproductive care, on the other they also want to punish women for having children by not funding pro-grams that support families. 
I repeat, Federal law already pro-
hibits family planning funding from being used for abortion services by anyone, including by Planned Parent-hood. So the measure before us today does nothing more than deny millions of women across the country access to birth control and other health care services that are not only not prohib-ited but which are perfectly legal. 
The real work of Planned Parenthood 
is preventive health care services. Birth control, STD screenings, and well women exams are the bulk of services provided by Planned Parenthood and its affiliates. Defunding Planned Par-enthood will unjustly punish women who have access to no other health care providers for their basic health care needs. 
The harm caused by defunding 
Planned Parenthood is brushed aside by my colleagues. They will argue that they have provided additional funding to community health centers to make up for the loss of funding for Planned Parenthood. This is a red herring. This very limited additional funding will not and cannot replace Planned Par-enthood clinics and their important role as a safety net provided for mil-lions of women across the country. 
Defunding Planned Parenthood is 
nothing more than an attempt by some in Congress to pander to a fringe base. The fact is, the majority of Americans support Planned Parenthood and sup-port health care services for women. The continuing efforts to defund Planned Parenthood are false proxies for banning abortion—that is calling a spade a spade—and all that will happen is that women’s health care will be put at risk. 
These attacks on Planned Parent-
hood must end. So let’s stop wasting time undermining women’s health care and get back to the real business at hand. Let’s fund the government. Let’s give middle-class families and small businesses tax relief. Let’s pass bills to invest in our infrastructure and our children’s education. These are all things we need to do in the next week that will actually make a difference—a positive difference—in the lives of mil-lions of Americans. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in re-
jecting this extremely partisan meas-ure before us and move on to the real business of the Senate. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, for those 
of us who were seeking office for the Senate in 2010, one of the primary issues we were engaged with and heard from tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of our citizens about was the concern over the passage of the Af-fordable Care Act, now called ObamaCare and now also called the Unaffordable Care Act. That was the bill that was jammed through the Sen-ate on Christmas Eve without one Re-publican vote. Republicans were denied that vote because the Democratic Party controlled both the executive branch and the legislative branch, with numbers that put them in a position where they could jam anything through that they wanted without any offsets, without any amendments, without any changes, without any im-provements, without any input from the other party. 
I think we have learned through his-
tory that when one party has total con-trol and passes legislation, it doesn’t represent what the American people want. They want debate. They want ad-justments. They want the other side of the story to be told. Then they want their representatives to be able to come to a kind of consensus in terms of how we would deal with, yes, an impor-tant issue called health care for the American people. 
Were there needed improvements in 
our health care system that had to be addressed? Yes, there were. There was consensus—almost—on both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, that changes could be made, but the way the American people wanted that done was for us to represent their views, to look at all the options, to have some balance, which is generally how major programs that need to be addressed successfully can be addressed successfully. 
Welfare reform is an example. Under 
President Clinton, it was a bipartisan effort, with both parties recognizing that changes needed to be made to a system that wasn’t working as well as it could. By working together in a bi-partisan way, we ended up with a very effective and efficient new system com-pared to the old system. That was not the case with ObamaCare. 
So throughout the 2010 period of 
time, when I was campaigning for of-fice, I heard the stories from Hoosiers all across the State—big cities, small cities, rural coffee shops, factories, in-cluding employers and employees, and I heard their concerns about how this would play out. 
We were promised by the President 
that we didn’t have to worry about los-ing our health insurance and that if we liked our current plan, we could hang onto it. That turned out to be totally false. We were also promised by the President that this would not cost one penny to the American taxpayer. Now we have the contrast to what this pro-gram has cost and will cost over a 10- year period of time, and it comes close to $1 trillion. So one penny compared 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.033 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8270 December 2, 2015 
to $1 trillion—there is a pretty good 
gap between those numbers. Those were the taxes that were inserted into the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, on the American people that were supposed to cover the cost of up to $1 trillion over a 10-year period of time. 
We were told by the President that if 
we liked our current plan, the pre-miums would not go up, the premiums would not increase at all, period. Trust me. Take it to the bank. Obviously, that has not been true. We have now seen the rolling out of this done in a way that only the Federal Government could screw it up. Only the Federal Government could fail after spending an extraordinary amount of money— well over a billion to roll out this thing in a totally dysfunctional way. 
Today, we continue to hear from our 
constituents about failed promises, about higher premiums, extraor-dinarily higher copayments, about how people have not been able to keep the doctor they had, and they are paying taxes to cover something that simply has not worked. 
It has been a tortuous process to get 
to the point where we have the oppor-tunity of not being blocked by the other side. We have an opportunity now that will occur tomorrow to fi-nally get an up-or-down vote on a rec-onciliation bill that essentially is de-signed to repeal ObamaCare. There have been many alternatives out there that have been tried, tested, and true in terms of how we can deal with our health care system. We are not just simply walking away, leaving people in a lurch. We are simply saying this whole thing needs to be repealed so we can build a much better way of pro-viding health care for our citizens, and this is the opportunity. 
There will be all kinds of amend-
ments. There will be gotcha amend-ments. I dare you to vote for that. They will be irrelevant to the final issue of what we are doing and what we are voting on. It will be clear to the American people that this is a vote strictly on the repeal of ObamaCare. You are either for it or against it. Come down here and defend it if you like it, if it has worked in your State. I haven’t really heard any people com-ing down and singing its praises. But come down to the floor and say this is why we need it, this is why it is good, and refute what we say here. But I think it is pretty hard. I don’t think I heard anybody come down and defend the statement that if you like your health care plan, you can keep it; that it won’t cost you a penny, and that your premiums won’t rise. We simply know that is not the case. So this is the moment. 
We will be able to make our yea be 
yea and our nay be nay, and the Amer-ican people will know exactly where we stand, and I believe we will have the votes to pass this in the Senate, as we will have a vote to pass it in the House of Representatives. It will then go to the President, and the President then 
will know where the Congress stands and where the American people stand, if he doesn’t know already. 
I would like to mention one aspect of 
it that has a pretty astounding nega-tive impact on my State, and that is the imposition of a gross sales tax on the sale of medical devices. My State is one of the leading States in the Nation 
of medical device manufacturers. This tax is levied on their gross sales, not on their profits. In that sense, those small companies that are trying to de-velop something that will improve peo-ple’s lives or save people’s lives through medical device research and development and then ultimately mar-ket it have struggled because through the development process they have to pay a 2.3 percent tax on everything they sell, even if they are not yet mak-ing a profit. It has been devastating in terms of employment, in terms of re-search and development in this cutting edge business and manufacturing that is saving lives and improving the lives of people. So critical to this vote is the medical device tax, which is denying people the opportunity to produce med-ical devices that save people’s lives and enhance their lives. 
We have more than 300 FDA-reg-
istered medical device manufacturers in Indiana. It is boosting our State’s economy and producing technologies that are changing and saving lives, but since the implementation, these com-panies have had to lay off workers and shelf plans to expand and build new fa-cilities. One major manufacturer had lined up five new plants in Indiana for a significant increase in employment, a significant increase in research and de-velopment and production of medical devices, simply to cover the costs they now had to pay on the tax for previous sales of their other products. It is an egregious tax that has affected many companies in the State of Indiana. 
In conclusion, how ironic it is that 
ObamaCare, which President Obama said would increase health care cov-erage, is actually a barrier to improv-ing lives. So it is long past time for Washington to stop punishing the med-ical device industry and innovators in Indiana and across this country. 
I want to conclude by saying 
ObamaCare, a poorly written and poor-ly executed health care plan, is not working for the overwhelming major-ity of Hoosiers in my State and the majority of Americans. Remember when the then Speaker of the House said: Well, we really don’t know what is in this plan; we will have to pass it before we know what is in it. We now know what is in it. We now know what the impact has been. I have been on this floor for hours over the past 5 years talking about real-life examples of impacts of this Unaffordable Health Care Act on Hoosiers. I have given per-sonal testimonies that have been given to me by people. I have heard the hor-ror stories of people losing their insur-ance, of their premiums skyrocketing, of their deductible putting them in a 
position where they are not able to af-ford health care and praying every day that someone in the family won’t get sick because they can’t even afford the deductible before they get the cov-erage. This poorly written and poorly executed health care law is not work-ing, and the law’s continued unpopularity is a testament to what it has meant for most American families: rising premiums, higher costs, de-creased choices, and a poor health care process. All the innovation and things that we could have done had we worked through a normal process on this are sitting on the shelf. 
The time is now. It is an opportunity 
we have been waiting for now going on 6 years. So when we have that vote to-morrow—and despite all the chatter and despite all the attempts to define it as something other than what it is— the real vote comes down to whether you want to continue government-run health care or you want to look for a better model. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, we are 
on the verge of fulfilling a promise that we made to the American people. They selected a new majority here in the Senate to repeal ObamaCare. In Ne-braska, words and promises still mean something. They are not taken lightly. Trust me; Nebraskans will let you know when you aren’t keeping your word. 
Since the first day I took office, I 
have heard from Nebraskans about how this law is making it harder, not easi-er, for them to get health care. Nearly 20,000 people have contacted my office, and they have expressed their concerns about this law to me. They face a new reality and struggle to afford pre-miums for plans requiring thousands in out-of-pocket expenses. I have come to the floor many times to share these stories from Nebraskans, and unfortu-nately, these stories continue to come in. 
Vivian from Saunders County in the 
State wrote regarding the deductible on her ObamaCare plan, which is so high that her husband, who is a cancer survivor, is forgoing regular checkups. They simply cannot afford the costs. 
Kevin from Chappell, NE, shared his 
experience with struggling to afford the expensive premium while still fac-ing a $10,000 deductible. He wants an-swers for why his family is being forced to buy a plan that includes services they just don’t need. 
Ann from Lincoln shared with me her 
struggle to get coverage for herself and her two children. After jumping 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.034 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8271 December 2, 2015 
through bureaucratic hoops to get 
health care coverage, she is now forced to buy an insurance plan that will take 25 percent of her income. That is a quarter of her income. 
Some could argue that these are only 
anecdotes—a small snapshot of what is happening in the State—but let’s look at how premiums have changed in Ne-braska since this law was passed. Next year, many Nebraskans will see double- digit increases in their health care costs. In 2014, some Nebraskans saw their premiums go up over 100 percent. Why are we still debating whether this law has been a success? 
The President has said: ‘‘If you like 
your plan, you can keep it.’’ We have all heard that. Nebraskans were prom-ised they could keep the plans they liked. Well, tell that to the thousands of people in Nebraska who have lost coverage when Nebraska’s co-op failed last year. They were blindsided on Christmas Eve with news that they had to choose a new coverage. Now many more Americans are facing this same challenge as over half of the country’s co-ops have failed. 
Democrats have said this law would 
help the American people. Americans were promised more. They were prom-ised lower costs for health care. We were promised a $2,500 decrease in in-surance costs. Well, clearly that is not the case. This is a mess, and it didn’t have to happen. 
It is now our duty to fix it. I am 
proud that Republicans are taking the lead. We are showing the American people our commitment in repealing this law. We can do better. We can pro-vide patient-centered health care. We can let people decide what kind of cov-erage they need. We can let people take their insurance with them when they move across State lines. We do that with car insurance. But the first step is to end this—a law that costs families more money and doesn’t meet their needs. 
So I ask, for the sake of all Ameri-
cans, it is time to take that next step. We need to step up. We need to fix it. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I want 
to address an amendment that I have for the ObamaCare repeal bill we will be voting on, possibly soon. It is a sim-ple amendment. I think it is an impor-tant one, and it addresses part of the $1.2 trillion in tax increases that are embedded throughout ObamaCare. This, in particular, is a tax increase on middle-class Americans who are bat-tling with catastrophic health care challenges and costs. So I think it was a particularly ill-conceived tax in-
crease and I want us to repeal it. 
This is what the tax increase was 
about. Prior to ObamaCare, if a family had out-of-pocket medical expenses 
that exceeded 7.5 percent of their in-come, they could deduct from their taxable income any cost above 7.5 per-cent of their income. ObamaCare raised that threshold to 10 percent, and that has very real consequences. There was an exception for senior citizens, but that exception expires in 2016, and this tax increase on middle-class Americans makes it harder for families who are trying to deal with, to battle some kind of very problematic health situa-tion they are in. It could be a chronic disease. It could be a catastrophic event. 
Let me be specific with an example. 
Prior to ObamaCare, if a family who earned $50,000, for instance, had ex-traordinary medical costs, for what-ever reason, that were, say, $4,500—so 9 percent of their income—that is a huge medical bill for a family who earns $50,000, obviously. Well, at least prior to ObamaCare, they could deduct $750 of it. That portion which exceeded the 7.5 percent of their income was deduct-ible. Under ObamaCare, they can’t de-duct any of it. They get no deduction. 
So think about what we are doing. 
We are saying that a middle-class, working-class family with unusually, extraordinarily high medical bills should lose the opportunity they have historically had to at least get a mod-est deduction to help soften the blow of the catastrophic health crisis they are dealing with. I think this is a terrible idea—to hit these folks with this tax increase—especially at a time when they are dealing with these very dif-ficult circumstances or they wouldn’t get the deduction anyway. 
So I think it was a bad idea and one 
of many bad ideas in ObamaCare. What my amendment would do is simply re-store that deduction to where it was before ObamaCare. It would restore the ability to deduct that extraordinary health care cost when it exceeds 7.5 percent of income rather than having to hit the 10-percent hurdle ObamaCare created. 
By the way, I should point out that 
this is totally a tax increase on middle- class families. The IRS quantified this. They determined that 86 percent of the taxpayers who claim this deduction—86 percent—earn less than $100,000. This isn’t a tax deduction for rich people. This is a tax deduction for ordinary Americans who are going through very difficult times. 
Having the ability to take this de-
duction is more important now than it has ever been because ObamaCare has done so much to drive up people’s costs. That is not just I saying this. A November 15 New York Times headline read: ‘‘Many Say High Deductibles Make Their Health Law Insurance All but Useless.’’ That is the New York Times. 
High deductibles are one of the main 
contributing factors to people having high out-of-pocket costs. So 
ObamaCare has driven these plans into these high deductibles, thereby forcing people to lay out more cash and at the same time they are saying: Oh, but you can’t deduct it like you used to be able to. 
On November 2 CNBC reported that 
‘‘ObamaCare’s cheapest plans just got more expensive.’’ There are deductibles that are soaring to over $12,000, out-of- pocket maximums that are near $14,000. People are incurring out-of- pocket expenses like never before, and they are getting hit with the fact they can no longer take the kind of deduc-tion they used to. 
This was a bad idea in the first place. 
It is a tax increase on those who can least afford it—people who are sick, people who are undergoing maybe a terrible accident, some other disaster that caused them to incur these ex-penses. It could apply to someone who has long-term care expenses for a rel-ative in a nursing home. It could be the special education expenses for a handi-capped child. It could be a mom under-going reconstructive surgery after a mastectomy. It could be a couple seek-ing to conceive a child needing fertility treatment. There are any number of circumstances for which I don’t think we should be punishing people in this fashion. 
My amendment would simply, as I 
said, restore the tax deduction to the threshold we had before ObamaCare and I would urge its adoption. 
As I mentioned, I think this medical 
expense deduction issue is just one flaw of ObamaCare. It is important, but it is a narrow aspect of an unbelievably flawed bill. It is hard to know where to begin with the flaws of ObamaCare, but I would suggest several big categories of problems: The first is higher costs; the second, I would suggest, is the loss of employment; and the third, which is indisputable, is the loss of freedom. 
I think higher costs are undeniable. 
The President promised us that aver-age premiums would fall, they would fall by $2,500 in fact. He was confident enough to give us a figure, and of course the exact opposite is what has actually occurred. ObamaCare pre-miums have gone up dramatically. In my State of Pennsylvania, premiums are up, for next year alone, 11 percent. That is after several years of increases prior to an 11-percent increase. Whom do you know who has gotten an 11-per-cent pay raise? I don’t know anybody. That is not what is happening. Yet their expenses are going up because of ObamaCare. Deductibles are rising at the same time. So not only does it cost more to buy the insurance, but the in-surance covers less. 
I have gotten letters from literally 
thousands of Pennsylvanians explain-ing their personal circumstances. One letter came from the DiBello family of Montgomery County and says that be-fore ObamaCare they paid $662 a month for a health insurance plan for their family and they had a $6,000 deductible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.041 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8272 December 2, 2015 
They were happy with their plan. They 
were promised if they were happy with their plan they could keep their plan. We all heard that promise. How many times was that promise made? That promise was made to the DiBello fam-ily. The only slightly unfortunate problem here is everybody knew it was untrue, including the people making the promise because the legislation ex-plicitly forbids whole categories of plans. How could you keep your plan if it is being banned by the Federal law? 
Unfortunately, the DiBello family ex-
perienced that. So the plan they are buying that goes into effect in 2016, in-stead of a $662 monthly premium, they are going to have to pay $1,141, and in-stead of a $6,000 deductible, they are going to have a $12,800 deductible. 
You almost have to wonder what is 
your insurance paying for if the de-ductible is that high, but that is what ObamaCare has done to the DiBello family of Montgomery County, PA, and let me assure you they are but one of thousands and thousands of families I have heard from across Pennsylvania who are experiencing similar real dif-ficulties. 
I mentioned jobs as another category 
of problem that ObamaCare has cre-ated. Again, I think it is completely ir-refutable. We know if you as an em-ployer hire a 50th employee, you are suddenly subject to all the mandates of ObamaCare. That means the costs of health insurance for your workforce go through the roof. It creates a huge in-centive not to hire the 50th employee. That is a terrible incentive to have, es-pecially at a time when we have too few people working and we have inad-equate wages. Yet this provision guar-antees that it will be more difficult to get a job with a company that has 40- some employees. 
In addition, ObamaCare puts pressure 
on employers to cut back on hours for workers because you are deemed to be a full-time worker if you work 30 hours or more. One way to deal with that is to have people work less than 30 hours. The problem is, employees want 40 hours. They want a normal workweek. But they can’t get it because of the costs ObamaCare triggers if they were to have it. 
Third is the loss of freedom. Again, 
that is completely irrefutable. If you had a plan you were happy with, if you had a plan that worked for you and your family, if it was the right mix of benefits, premiums, and deductibles for you and you wanted to keep that plan, well, good luck—you can only keep it if the government approves of it. So now we don’t have the freedom to have the health insurance plan we want. We are forced to buy the health insurance plan the government dictates we should have whether we like it or not. What an egregious affront to the personal freedom of Americans to decide what is right for them and their families. 
The last thing I want to point out is 
a very fundamental structural flaw in the model of ObamaCare—yet another reason why this needs to be repealed— 
and that is, this bill was designed with the idea that young and healthy people would buy health insurance through ObamaCare at an inflated price. Of course, in addition to dictating what is in a health care plan, ObamaCare dic-tates pricing as well. The theory was, what we will do is we will have all 
these expensive mandates, but we will force this category of people who tend to be younger and healthier—we will force them to pay more than it costs to actually insure them, and that is how we will subsidize coverage for people who are older and need more health care. There is only one small problem with that; that is, the younger and healthier people figured out pretty quickly that they are being forced to buy a product that doesn’t suit their needs very well and they are forced to pay more than it is worth. So guess what. They are not doing it. And ObamaCare is falling short by millions on the number of these younger, healthier people their model depended on. 
What is the result of that? Insurance 
companies are left insuring a popu-lation that therefore tends to be older and sicker. That costs more. When in-surance companies lose many millions of dollars, which is what they have been doing, they go back to ‘‘We have to raise premiums even further.’’ That creates an even more powerful incen-tive for younger and healthier people not to buy the product. What started off as overpriced is now even more overpriced for them. This is known in insurance terms as a death spiral, this downward spiral whereby it becomes impossible to have a viable continu-ation of these insurance policies, be-cause, increasingly, the only people who will buy them are the people who are very sick, and people who are rel-atively healthy are priced out of the market. 
This explains why half of all insur-
ance co-ops in America have already folded. Many seem to be heading in the same direction. A year from now, I doubt there will be many co-ops re-maining. This also explains why, in-creasingly, insurance companies are simply saying: We are going to have to consider getting out of this market al-together. We are going to have to con-sider simply not participating in ObamaCare. 
What does that mean for Pennsyl-
vania families? It means they are going to be out of choices. If there are no in-surance plans being offered through this exchange because the whole dy-namic doesn’t work, then how are my constituents going to get health insur-ance? This is the problem when the government steps in and tries to take control over an industry—in this case, something so important and so per-sonal as our health care. 
This is a fatally flawed piece of legis-
lation. Americans have been living through its disastrous consequences in the form of losing the health care plans that they want, that they valued, that 
they chose; experiencing much higher premiums, higher out-of-pocket costs, and higher taxes on the costs they do incur; and fewer jobs and less hours for those who are employed. Now, in addi-tion to all this, we see what I think is the relatively early stages of this death spiral that is going to result in prob-ably a pretty massive exodus from this market. 
It is long overdue that we repeal this 
legislation. I am very glad we will be able to consider this over the next day or so. I urge support for my amend-ment, which would restore the ability of people facing catastrophic costs to have the deduction they were able to have before ObamaCare, and I urge adoption of this repeal legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about a massive expan-sion of government that was fundamen-tally flawed from the start: the Afford-able Care Act, better known as ObamaCare. 
In the past 100 years, we have had 
three supermajorities, all Democratic. The first gave us the New Deal; the sec-ond, the Great Society; and the third gave us ObamaCare and Dodd-Frank. In many ways, these progressive, sweep-ing government spending programs have failed the very people they claim to champion: the working men and women of America. Together, they come at a massive expense to tax-payers and still continue to add to the Nation’s debt crisis. 
Right now, this law is saddling Amer-
icans with more than $1.2 trillion of new taxes over the next 10 years. In my State alone, ObamaCare is costing tax-payers over $2.7 billion over the next decade. The Senate’s actions this week will help reverse the harmful effects of ObamaCare and remove the law’s bur-densome taxes on American families. 
When I am back home in Georgia, 
one of the most frequent and sobering concerns I hear about is the insidious, negative impact of ObamaCare—wheth-er it is reduced hours, increased pre-miums, increased deductibles, or just the mere fact that they can’t get the doctor they want. I hear this more than any other complaint about what is going on in Washington today. 
By enacting this law, President 
Obama and Washington put our health care system—almost one-sixth of our total economy—under government con-trol, and the consequences are disas-trous. ObamaCare has driven up the 
cost of health care. In addition, pre-mium costs and deductible costs are also up, precluding many Americans from even applying for coverage. The law has eliminated health care choices, forced rural hospitals out of business, created a doctor shortage, and failed to live up to the expectations promised to the American people by the Obama ad-ministration. 
First, Georgians are seeing their 
health care costs double. Just this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.044 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8273 December 2, 2015 
week a headline on the front page of 
the Atlanta-Journal Constitution read ‘‘Health care costs on the rise in 2016’’ and ‘‘Some Affordable Care Act plans seeing double-digit hikes.’’ The article went on to describe the peril of a Geor-gia family who plans to cancel their in-surance plan because it is no longer af-fordable for them. And this family is not alone. As we just heard in the prior speech, deductibles have risen to a point now where people can’t afford the health care plan that was picked for them. 
In Georgia, premium increases are 
expected to range from 27 to 29 percent for Alliant Health individual policy-holders, and the problem could only get worse as more insurance companies exit the ObamaCare exchange program. And deductibles are increasing seven times as fast as wages are increasing. 
Last week, UnitedHealth Group—the 
largest health insurance company in the country—announced it is consid-ering dropping out of ObamaCare be-cause it is losing so much money and the marketplace doesn’t appear to be sustaining itself. As a matter of fact, yesterday, UnitedHealth CEO Stephen Hemsley even admitted that joining the ObamaCare exchange was ‘‘for us a bad decision.’’ He went on to say, ‘‘We did not believe it would form this slow-ly, be this porous, or become this se-vere.’’ 
Washington cannot overlook this 
warning. Like my wife Bonnie and me, many people have already had their plans canceled—no matter what the ad-ministration said. They said: If you like your policy, you can keep your policy; if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. I can personally tell you that did not happen. A lot of peo-ple have lost access to their preferred doctors or were forced into insurance plans that cost more, not less—dra-matically more. If UnitedHealth Group—the largest player in this space—exits, Americans will only have less choice, not more. 
Aside from driving up health care 
costs and limiting insurance options, ObamaCare is forcing rural hospitals out of business as well. Since 2010 alone, five rural hospitals in Georgia have closed, and there is a possibility for more in the immediate future. Across the country, more than 50 rural hospitals—this is incredible—have closed just since 2010, and more than 280 are in danger of shutting down. Each closure eliminates local jobs and Americans’ access to health care. 
Additionally, given the growing 
aging population, ObamaCare is con-tributing to a dangerous doctor short-age. The Association of American Med-ical Colleges is predicting a shortage of as many as 90,000 doctors by 2025. 
Another survey by the Physicians 
Foundation found that 81 percent of doctors describe themselves as either overextended or at full capacity, and 44 percent have said they plan to cut back on the number of patients they see. They may even retire and/or work part time. This further reduces access for 
people who need medical care. 
Finally, the Obama administration’s 
promise of greater access to health in-surance has proven to be totally mis-leading. In fact, now almost half of health insurance co-ops created under ObamaCare have collapsed due to their failing financial performance. This has resulted in hundreds of thousands of Americans scrambling to find sustain-able health insurance for their fami-lies, and the ones who do find it can’t afford the deductibles that, as we said, have risen dramatically. 
President Obama promised that his 
massive restructuring of the health care industry would give more people insurance. In reality, the law continues to disrupt Americans’ health care at every turn, while failing to cover any-where near as many people as its sup-porters predicted. 
I am counted as one who signed up 
for ObamaCare. I didn’t have a choice. My plan was canceled. My access to my doctor was eliminated. I had no choice. But I am counted, as a statistic, as one who signed up for it. 
Make no mistake—our health care 
system needs to change. But one thing is clear: ObamaCare is ill-conceived law and is hurting people and our econ-omy. It must be fully repealed and re-placed. Georgians and Americans want access to affordable health care options and transportability across State lines. People want to keep their health care decisions between themselves and their doctors and not have to go through a bureaucrat. 
These are commonsense health care 
policies we can debate now that would lower costs, increase accessibility and transportability, and restore the sacred doctor-patient relationship. It won’t be easy, but it is achievable. We need to start debating replacement plans now. There are alternatives to Washington taking over our health care system, al-most 17 percent of our economy. 
Today, for the sake of our kids and 
our grandkids, we are taking a very important step to repeal ObamaCare and stop government-mandated insur-ance. We are also removing Washing-ton’s tax on the very medical devices patients and doctors rely on to deliver quality care. 
It is quite clear that this law was 
flawed from the very beginning. The Web site failed, access went down, deductibles went up, and premiums are still skyrocketing. The Obama admin-istration is in total denial, and they misled the American people and failed to live up to the promises made during campaigns and afterward. What further evidence do we need to realize this law—this sweeping expansion of the Federal Government that pushes more tax dollars to Washington—is not working? 
In order to solve our debt crisis, we 
absolutely must fix this health care crisis, which is why the Senate is eliminating ObamaCare’s fines on indi-viduals and businesses and finally send-ing this broken law back to the Presi-
dent’s desk. 
Today is a momentous day. This 
week we will actually have this vote. I urge my colleagues to put partisanship aside and do what is right for the peo-ple of America. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The Senator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that following my remarks, the Senators from Con-necticut and Ohio be recognized. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO FRED SEARS  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise to 
recognize a close friend from Delaware, Fred Sears, a community leader and a passionate advocate for all in our com-munity, a man whose name is synony-mous with business leadership and pub-lic service in my home State of Dela-ware and a man I am proud to call my friend. Fred is known statewide for his generosity, his enthusiasm, and his business acumen. For decades, his im-pact has been felt by elected officials, nonprofit, community leaders, and countless Delawareans of all back-grounds and careers. He is a true lead-er, an authentic champion of the com-munity, and the embodiment of what service means in Delaware. 
Fred Sears is a Delawarean through 
and through. He was born blocks away from his boyhood home at what was then called Wilmington Hospital, and he grew up across the river from Bran-dywine Zoo. This Delaware native at-tended Mt. Pleasant Elementary, Aldred I. DuPont Junior High, and Wil-mington Friends for high school. Fred went on to earn a business degree from the University of Delaware. He had a great deal of fun, including a truly memorable spring break trip to the Ba-hamas with J
OEBIDEN, his classmate 
and friend. 
After graduating from UD in 1964, 
Fred began a nearly 40-year career in banking. Fresh out of college, Fred was scheduled to interview for a job with the Bank of Delaware but accidentally walked into Delaware Trust instead. Fortunately, Delaware Trust was also hiring. After starting as a management trainee, he rose to become the institu-tion’s first vice president of business development. From there, Fred went on to later work at Wilmington Trust, then Beneficial National Bank, and ul-timately Commerce Bank, where he was Delaware market president. 
While Fred was widely known as a 
leader in our financial services indus-try, he found many other ways to serve our community as well. Early in his ca-reer, Mayor Tom Maloney asked his friend Fred to take a leave of absence from Delaware Trust to serve as the city’s director of finance and then later as director of economic development. Fred not only fulfilled those two roles terrifically, but decided afterward to run for an at-large city council seat in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.046 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8274 December 2, 2015 
1976. Fred won and went on to serve 
two full terms. 
Many of us in younger generations in 
politics after Fred’s elected service have called on his wisdom, his insight, and his ability to bring people together as we had important decisions to make. Fred served on the transition teams of Wilmington Mayor James Sills, Dela-ware Gov. Ruth Ann Minner, and co- chaired my transition team after I was elected New Castle county executive in 2004. 
For many of us, decades of success in 
finance, business, and politics might be the hallmark of a complete and suc-cessful career, but for Fred these expe-riences were just a few of the ways he fulfilled a lifelong passion for service in our State of Neighbors. 
Just over 13 years ago, while Fred 
was at Commerce Bank, our mutual friend Jim Gilliam, Jr., called Fred one day and said to him: I have a job for you. After some convincing, Fred ac-cepted the job. Since then, he has served admirably at the helm of one of the most important organizations in Delaware—the Delaware Community Foundation. The DCF plays an integral role in my home State, helping local nonprofits direct philanthropy to Dela-ware’s most worthy causes and encour-aging long-term charitable giving to improve our State. Since Fred began as CEO in 2002, the DCF has tripled its long-term charitable funds. It built its assets to $285 million. Dozens of non-profits and community funds have flourished under Fred’s leadership. He and his team and their astute financial guidance continues to generate the funding that enables them to serve. Fred didn’t join the DCF, though, just to raise money and to be important and recognized; rather, he sought to improve the entire philanthropic com-munity and the quality of community life in Delaware. His success in doing so reflects his values and his vision. 
Fred is a true leader: honest, insight-
ful, thoughtful, creative, positive, and confident. Fred possesses that rare quality, the ability to inspire others. He has used his passion for service to motivate the next generation of great leaders in our State. Take one of Fred’s many initiatives called the Next Gen-eration. It is one he is most proud of and justifiably so. Next Gen takes groups of civic-minded young profes-sionals, with limited or no experience in philanthropy, and with just the right amount of guidance and encour-agement, helps mold them into non-profit board leaders. Since 2004, Next Gen’s chapters up and down the State have helped direct over $300,000 in grants to community needs all over my home State of Delaware. 
My good friend Tony Allen, who also 
calls Fred a mentor and a friend and a brother, tells a story of how Fred helped establish the African American Empowerment Fund. The fund today is known as the Council on Urban Em-powerment, and it promotes philan-thropy that supports educational, so-cial, and economic empowerment of Af-
rican-American Delawareans. As Tony notes, Fred didn’t just help establish the fund, he wasn’t just one of its first donors, he attended every meeting of the group. 
In 2010, Tony introduced Fred when 
Fred Sears was set to receive an award for nonprofit leadership. As Tony put it then, while patience is a virtue, impa-tience is a weapon—and Fred can be ap-propriately impatient. Fred doesn’t demur to what others would call insur-mountable tasks or taboo topics of con-versation. He takes every opportunity to constructively push the status quo. Tony is absolutely right. Given that legacy of leadership, it is no surprise Fred has been honored by countless or-
ganizations for his business and com-munity efforts. He has received the Lifetime Achievement in Philanthropy Award from the Association of Fund-raising Professionals. He has been given a Distinguished Service Award by the Wilmington Rotary Club. He has been deemed a Superstar in Business by the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce and was named Citizen of the Year by the Delmarva Council of the Boy Scouts of America. 
Those awards and merits are cer-
tainly a reflection of Fred’s values and his many successes, but those of us who have had the privilege to work closely with Fred and to know him know that his commitment to service shines most brightly in the hundreds of inter-actions he has with Delawareans every day, whether he is offering ideas or ad-vice or saying a quick hello. 
We know that even though Fred is 
leaving the Delaware Community Foundation, he will undoubtedly con-tinue to serve the community he loves. In fact, Fred just accepted an appoint-ment from Governor Markell to chair Delaware’s Expenditure Review Com-mission, suggesting Fred has no inten-tion of taking retirement literally. 
In a testament to Fred’s thoughtful-
ness, leadership, and sense of compas-sion, just a day after the passing of our beloved friend Beau Biden earlier this year, Fred spoke to the Bidens and of-fered to help the family establish an organization in Beau’s name. That idea became the Beau Biden Foundation for the Protection of Children. Two days after it was launched, they had already raised over $125,000. 
If this is all there was to Fred’s 
story, it would be a remarkable one, but there is even more to Fred as a businessman, philanthropist, and a per-son. If you speak to those who have been around him the longest, they will tell you his true passion is his family: his wife JoAnn, his son Graham, his daughter-in-law Kathryn, his son Jason, his daughter-in-law Jen, and his treasured grandchildren, Kylie, Paxton, and Charlie. I have no doubt Fred’s retirement means he will be spending a lot more time as Pop Pop to his three treasures, becoming even more of a fixture at their frequent school functions and baseball and soc-cer games. Fred’s friends and family will also 
tell you how much he adored his moth-er Marjorie, visiting her daily at Stonegates until her passing, and how much he cares for his father-in-law today. They will tell you that Fred loves dancing, snappy suspenders, and vinyl records. 
Fred’s friend Tom Shopa will tell you 
about Fred’s passion for golf and how for decades he has kept track of all of his golf scores, the number of putts he made, the weather that day—recording every single detail just as his father did. 
Friends and colleagues will tell you 
that they hear Fred say thank you doz-ens of times every day. Today I pause for a moment on the floor of this great institution to say thank you to Fred. Thank you for giving your time and talents, over decades, to more than 40 community nonprofit organizations, for serving on countless boards from Christiana Care to Rodel Foundation, from the Wilmington Housing Partner-ship to the United Way. Thank you for your decades of service to Wilmington and Delaware, for your lifelong com-mitment to family, friends, and com-munity. 
Fred, as our friend Tony Allen puts 
it, everyone in Delaware is better off because of your efforts. Thank you, Fred Sears, and congratulations on many jobs well done. I eagerly look for-ward to seeing where your so-called re-tirement will take you next. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I am on 
the floor to speak to the debate that is 
happening now on reconciliation, spe-cifically, the fact that we are here for the 16th time in the Senate debating the repeal of all or significant parts of the Affordable Care Act, and stack that on top of the 50 to 60 times this has been debated—the repeal of all or major parts of the Affordable Care Act—in the House of Representatives. As many of us have said over and over, we think the debate over repeal is over and that we should, A, accept the suc-cess of the Affordable Care Act and, B, to the extent that there need to be changes made, do it on a bipartisan basis—find the ways we can work to-gether to try to perfect a law that is by and large working. 
The data only tells one story. I want 
to review it for a moment because if you hear many of my Republican col-leagues talk, they act in the absence and in the denial of the overwhelming evidence that tells you the Affordable Care Act is working. There are 17 mil-lion Americans who have insurance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.049 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8275 December 2, 2015 
today who didn’t have it before the Af-
fordable Care Act. They have gotten it either through these exchanges, these private health care exchanges with a tax credit from the Federal Govern-ment or they have gotten it through Medicaid expansion. 
We have reduced the number of peo-
ple without health care insurance in this country by 30 percent in the few first few years of implementation. That is with many States doing everything they can to undermine the act. That is with many States refusing to accept the expansion of Medicaid coverage that could make that number even greater than 17 million or 30 percent. 
In my State of Connecticut, where we 
have been aggressively trying to imple-ment the Affordable Care Act, we have actually reduced the number of people without insurance by 50 percent. The total numbers in Connecticut are pret-ty extraordinary, given the short amount of time we have had and given the fact that in Connecticut we had a pretty robust Medicaid Program to begin with. 
Overall costs to the Federal Govern-
ment are under control for the first time in many of our lifetimes. The av-erage medical rate of inflation to the Federal Government is about 2 or 3 per-cent. The overall rate of medical infla-tion is the lowest since 1960. That is be-cause the Affordable Care Act is transitioning payments away from vol-ume-based payments, rewarding you for the more medicine you practice, to outcomes-based payments, rewarding you for keeping your patients healthy. 
Quality is getting better. You look at 
a broad array of metrics. Things such as hospital readmission rates or hos-pital acquired infections are all going down. Let’s be clear, the Affordable Care Act was not designed to fix every single problem in the health care sys-tem. There are still going to be prob-lems, there are still going to be anec-dotal failures, but if you are working to undermine the act in your State, you are going to have more problems with your health care system. 
When I hear my colleagues come 
down to the floor of the Senate and complain about hospitals closing in their State, when their State is ac-tively rejecting Federal money that would help expand Medicaid and pro-vide more people walking into hos-pitals with reimbursement attached to them, there is more than a hint of irony to that complaint. If you want your health care system to work, then implement the Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2875 
Senator J OHNSON is offering an 
amendment which could be of par-ticular harm to the people in my State and in neighboring States. His amend-ment would allow for plans that don’t comport with minimum coverage re-quirements of the Affordable Care Act to continue to be offered. 
Before I relinquish the floor, I wish 
to speak for a moment about this par-ticular amendment. There is a little boy named Kyle from Simsbury, CT, 
whom I have talked about before on the floor. Kyle requires injections that cost about $3,000 per dose, and he has to take them three to four times a week for the treatment of a blood disorder. Because his previous insurance plan had an annual lifetime limit, his treat-ment threatened to bankrupt his fam-ily. That fear is no longer a reality for his family because the Affordable Care Act says if you want to offer an insur-ance plan in this country, it has to be a fair plan. It can’t have annual or life-time limits, and it can’t charge you more because you are a woman. It has to cover basic medical necessities, such as maternity coverage. 
The requirement of having insurance 
plans provide actual insurance that doesn’t discriminate against a person based on their medical history or gen-der not only allows people to have ac-cess to health care they didn’t have be-fore, but it has given millions of fami-lies like Kyle’s family peace of mind. 
The Johnson amendment would take 
that peace of mind away from millions of families by allowing for plans to go back on the market throughout the country—plans that would cap cov-erage on an annual or lifetime basis and that could once again discriminate against you based on your gender or medical history. 
There may be a lot of parts of the Af-
fordable Care Act that people support or don’t support. But the one thing that the people of all parties have gen-erally supported is the idea that we should put patients and consumers back in charge of their health care, in-stead of the old days when the insur-ance companies were in charge and would tell you that you have insur-ance, but then halfway through the year, just because you used a lot of it, yank it away from you. 
There are a number of reasons why 
we should reject this specific amend-ment, but on behalf of the millions of families like Kyle’s out there that don’t want to go back to a world in which their insurance companies could take away their coverage just because they needed it more than other fami-lies, their stories alone are example enough to reject this amendment. 
I hope that we can move on from this 
debate and try to work together—Re-publicans and Democrats—to perfect the Affordable Care Act and that we can get beyond this perpetual, ongoing, never-ending debate about repeal. Spe-cifically, with respect to the Johnson amendment, let’s think about all of those families that have been jerked around by insurance companies for far too long and need relief that the Af-fordable Care Act has given them. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I wish to 
add to the comments of Senator M
UR-
PHYin opposition to that amendment. I 
wish to also to point out that one of the previous speakers bemoaned the number of hospitals that have closed in 
his State over the last 10 years. I be-moan them too. I also know that more of those hospitals would have closed if the Affordable Care Act hadn’t passed. More of those hospitals would have closed if, in States like mine, the Gov-ernor didn’t expand Medicaid. 
We know that in States where rural 
hospitals have closed—particularly if there was a Republican Governor—the hospital association and many, many, many health care providers of all kinds, including nurses, physical thera-pists, and others, asked the Governor of that State to expand Medicaid so these hospitals could stay in business and keep serving rural people. This issue is not just about the rural poor people in South Carolina, but rural middle-class people who had insurance and were paying, but those hospitals couldn’t stay open because they didn’t have the revenues coming in. If Gov-ernors from those States had actually expanded Medicaid—as was the intent of the Affordable Care Act—instead of scoring political points, many of those hospitals would not have had to close. 
I thank Senator M
URPHY for his ef-
forts. 
Mr. President, I come to the floor to 
talk about an amendment that I will not offer at this time but will probably offer later today about Medicaid— again, to help perfect the Affordable Care Act. 
Since the passage of the health law, 
Medicaid expansion has helped 600,000 Ohioans—many for the first time in their lives—in my State have health coverage just because of Medicaid’s ex-pansion. That is why the amendment I will offer will permanently extend the Medicaid expansion Federal matching rate at 100 percent. Some Governors—I think a bit disingenuously, but at least they are saying it—didn’t expand Med-icaid because the States will eventu-ally have to pay up to 10 percent, even though the State gets all kinds of eco-nomic benefits, not to mention the hu-manitarian concerns that it addresses. Nonetheless, my amendment will make it 100 percent—no more excuses, first of all, to refuse to expand Medicaid. 
At a time when some are looking to 
halt support for Medicaid, we should be increasing that support. Since its en-actment in 1965, Medicaid served as a lifeline for millions of Americans rang-ing from children and pregnant women to seniors who almost certainly would otherwise not afford nursing home care without it. 
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act— 
while my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are attempting to dis-mantle it—States now have the option to expand Medicaid the way Governor Kasich, the Republican Governor of my State did, including nonelderly adults without children. Thirty States, in-cluding the District of Columbia and, as I said, my State of Ohio, have taken up Medicaid expansion, and it has obvi-ously mattered to a whole lot of peo-ple. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.050 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8276 December 2, 2015 
Federal Medical Assistance Percent-
ages, which determine how much the Federal Government will pay for cov-ered services in the State Medicaid programs, were increased for States that chose to expand their Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Under the health law, States that expand their Medicaid programs receive an en-hanced Federal reimbursement for the costs incurred by newly eligible enroll-ees. That matching rate will phase down from 100 percent to 90 percent in 2020. 
My amendment would make the en-
hanced FMAP, the Medicaid expansion reimbursement, permanent. It is paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes. States that have expanded Medicaid have experienced significant drops in the number of uninsured. They have re-alized budget savings and cut the cost of uncompensated care for hospitals. 
The number of hospitals I have vis-
ited recently, including the hospital in which I was born, Medcentral in Mans-field, are bringing in more patients who are paying because of Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act and fewer patients for which they are uncompen-sated, thereby having to cut costs a lit-tle bit less and making that hospital easier to manage. Too often hospitals have to cut patient services when they have to cut their costs. 
We should continue to support States 
that have done right and expanded ac-cess. We can do this by maintaining their current FMAP rates. This policy will provide States with financial secu-rity. It will free up State Medicaid budgets to address other Medicaid needs, such as increased access to men-tal health services or the higher costs of prescription drugs. With millions of Americans falling into the coverage gap in nonexpansion States—those cou-ple of dozen States that have refused to expand Medicaid even though the Fed-eral Government pays for almost all of it—this policy is likely to help encour-age expansion of Medicaid in those States. 
As I said, Ohio is one of the first 
States to accept Federal funds. I thank Governor Kasich, the Republican Gov-ernor of Ohio, for doing that. Without expansion, Ohioans would have fallen through the cracks by making too much for traditional Medicaid but too little to qualify for subsidies in the in-surance marketplace. Now these indi-viduals, including 600,000 in Ohio, have affordable coverage. 
I don’t understand how people who 
represent my State in the House or Senate can vote to repeal the Afford-able Care Act when they have 600,000 people in Ohio who have insurance— and that is just the Medicaid part—let alone the hundreds of thousands of oth-ers. How can they vote to take away their insurance? Do they know those people? Do they ever look those people in the eye and say: Sorry; I am scoring a political point. I will vote against the Affordable Care Act. Sorry; you are going to lose your insurance, but maybe we will do something down the 
road to help you. 
Under these new provisions, 24,000 
Medicaid enrollees in Ohio are being treated for cancer. These include Ohio-ans like Pamela Harris, the mother of four children. She had no health insur-ance before the State expanded Med-icaid—again giving credit to Repub-lican Governor Kasich—and she found herself having to choose between pay-ing for utility bills or medication. After her first stroke, Ms. Harris was unable to afford followup care and physical therapy, but when she sur-vived her second stroke, her recovery was much better. Why? Because she was eligible for health insurance through Ohio’s Medicaid expansion. 
There are so many reasons to do this. 
Mr. President, 2015 marks the 50th an-niversary of Medicaid. We should be strengthening the program that pro-vides good quality health insurance to millions of Americans, including hun-dreds of thousands of people in Wyo-ming, Tennessee, South Carolina, and my State of Ohio. We should do that and not vote to take it away. 
I will offer the amendment later. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor today to speak on be-half of millions of Americans who are very grateful they have health care now under the Affordable Care Act that they didn’t have a few years ago. 
Looking back over the years, I am re-
minded of the steps forward that we, as Americans, have taken, starting with Medicare and Medicaid, and how we have helped to lift a generation of sen-iors out of poverty and ill health be-cause of lack of insurance and not hav-ing access to prescription drugs. The majority of Medicaid coverage, about 80 percent, is for seniors in nursing homes. 
We are moving forward again and 
putting in place the ability of people to see a doctor and get the medical care that they need. With the Affordable Care Act, we took the next important step for over 17 million Americans. Moms and dads don’t have to go to bed at night anymore and say: Please, God. Don’t let the kids get sick. They know they will be able to take their child to a doctor. They know they are going to be able to get coverage and won’t get dropped if they get sick, which was happening in too many cases before the Affordable Care Act. Women now know that just simply being a woman is not a preexisting condition, where we were paying twice as much for basic insur-ance or blocked from certain kinds of care. I will never forget the debate in the 
Finance Committee when we included an amendment of mine for comprehen-sive preventive care, including mater-nity care for women, and a colleague asked: Why should we cover maternity care? He didn’t need maternity care. I reminded him that his mom did, and I reminded him of the importance of ma-ternity care for women and children and those of us who are now adults. So that is now a part of the Affordable Care Act. 
Young people are now able to stay on 
their parents’ insurance while looking for a full-time job after they graduate from college. Slowing the growth of in-surance premiums is what we still need to do. That is what we should be focus-
ing on today together—to continue to be laser focused in that area as well. 
Now, 17.6 million Americans have 
health insurance coverage. Under the reconciliation bill—the budget bill in front of us—the rug is going to be pulled out from all of them, from mil-lions of Americans. Passing this rec-onciliation bill will dismantle the framework, the structure for health care for millions of Americans—men and women and children. 
It also will do something else. In-
stead of celebrating health care serv-ices that we have had for years—nearly 100 years of preventive health care services—through Planned Parenthood providing essential health services to men and women, particularly in areas that don’t have services, such as in rural parts of my State as well as around the country—instead of strengthening those services, what we see is an effort to actually eliminate preventive health care services for women. It seems one more time wom-en’s health care is attacked. It takes on all kinds of different forms, but it always ends up with the same thing— challenges to women’s health care. 
So I am urging my colleagues to vote 
no on this Republican budget proposal that guts health care for families, that would strip funding for preventive health care, for family planning, and for other preventive health care. Mil-lions will lose their coverage if this passes. 
Instead of focusing on this bill, which 
is essentially something that we know is going to be vetoed by the President of the United States—he is not going to allow that health care coverage to be taken away; he is not going to allow preventive health care services to be taken away. We know what the out-come is really going to be. So this is really a political exercise. I understand that people want to say that they voted to eliminate the Affordable Care Act, to take away health insurance for people, and to stop funding for Planned Parenthood and other preventive health care services. But we all know where it is going to end. First of all, I can’t believe that people think it is a good idea to do that, but maybe other States are different than Michigan, where people want to have health care for themselves and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.052 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8277 December 2, 2015 
We have in front of us a whole other 
range of things that are very impor-tant to do right now. There is a major effort on a transportation bill that is, in fact—rather than being partisan and divisive as this budget reconciliation is—bipartisan, and we need to move that as soon as possible. 
We are working on budget issues and 
tax policy and other areas where we can work together. The list is long of things the American people want us to get done. 
We need to be tackling the afford-
ability of college so that more people have the ability to work hard, get good grades, get accepted to school, and go to college. Instead, here we are debat-ing whether people should have health care in the United States of America. 
The bottom line is that according to 
the nonpartisan budget office, this bill on the whole would increase premiums by roughly 20 percent above what would be expected under current law. So on top of everything, including over 16 million people losing their health in-surance, everybody is going to see their rates go up. Merry Christmas, happy Hanukkah, happy New Year—20-per-cent, on average, increase in premiums. 
This reconciliation bill makes no 
sense. It is bad for the American peo-ple. It is bad for women. We ought to be focused on things that actually im-prove quality of life and continue to improve health care and bring down costs for all Americans. 
I hope we will reject this bill and 
move on to things that make a lot more sense, certainly for families in Michigan and across the country. 
I yield the floor. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I have 
listened carefully to the Presiding Offi-cer’s comments earlier and the com-ments of others who have talked about the importance of passing this bill and drawing focus again to the health care plan that is just not working. It is not working. The State exchanges are fail-ing. They are sort of fleeing to a bigger Federal exchange, and the insurance companies are fleeing the Federal ex-change as well as the State exchanges. They are moving out of the family market. They are moving out of the in-dividual market. 
The biggest health insurance com-
pany announced recently that they were likely to abandon this particular process next year. The plan where the insurance companies that had a profit would use some of that profit to offset the loss of other companies isn’t work-ing because, as others have well ex-plained, the incentive for young, 
healthy people to be part of this plan is just not there. The premiums are too high, and the deductibles are too high. 
There is no reason to be part of this, 
and there should be nothing new here. The failures of this plan were almost guaranteed when the House and Sen-ate, under the control of our friends on the other side, decided they were going to pass the bill the Senate passed when there were 60 Democrats here to vote for a bill. It doesn’t matter how flawed that bill was. It doesn’t matter how many problems were in that bill. It is the only thing we can do, and we are going to do it, and in doing it, we are going to interject a government be-tween not only a whole lot of the econ-omy but between people and their health care. 
I have said on this floor before and 
many other places that somebody told me one time that when everybody in your family is well, you have lots of problems; when somebody in your fam-ily is sick, you have one problem. 
When the Federal Government de-
cides they are going to help families in ways that families don’t want that help, when the Federal Government de-cides they are going to interject them-selves between families and their doc-tors, families and their health care, families and their insurance company choices, you can’t really expect good things to happen. 
The anticipation not too long ago 
was that on the individual exchange, where you go get your own insurance for yourself, there would be 20 million people signed up by the end of last year. When that projection was made, I think there were 14 million Americans on the exchange. Not too many weeks ago, they were back down to 9 million, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services said a better and more realistic goal for the end of 2016 would be 10 million people—exactly half of the number the administration thought would be there 6 months ago. What would be wrong that would cause that to happen? How could you be that far off in how you thought Americans and American families were going to respond to this? You could be that far off by just not listening. 
For the first year of implementation 
of this plan, I came to the floor week after week after week, and week after week after week, I had letters, calls, and emails from Missourians talking about how this was impacting the lives of their families. I have told those sto-ries on this floor before, so I won’t tell them again today, but there are hun-dreds of them multiplied by thousands if you talk to anybody who has talked to anybody about this system. 
Interestingly, those calls, letters, 
emails, and contacts appear to be com-ing back because people have now de-cided that this is not as bad as they thought it was; it is worse than they thought it was. The problems aren’t as great as they had feared; they are worse than they had feared. In 2013, Lance called our office. He 
was very concerned. He liked his cov-erage. The President said you could keep your coverage, but his coverage didn’t conform to the new standards the Federal Government has suddenly decided you needed to have no matter what you thought and the Federal Gov-ernment has decided you needed to pay 
for no matter whether or not you could pay for it. So he was told: You can’t keep that policy. Well, like so many other things in this law, he was pretty quickly then told: Well, no, we figured out a way that for a year or so, you can keep your policy. So Lance was going to keep the policy, but he found out that for any number of reasons related to this big change in health care, the policy he wanted to keep was $150 more a month than he had been paying for it and the deductible increased by $7,500. So, like a lot of other people, he would have loved to have kept the policy he had before, but none of it made any sense for him anymore. 
I received a letter just a few days ago 
from a friend of mine who runs a busi-ness in Kimberling City. In that letter, she mentioned they were 3 or 4 employ-ees short of 50 employees. As employ-ers, they didn’t have to do this, but they had always provided group health and life. They wanted to do that again, but in her letter, she said that the prices have skyrocketed and the way companies now feel as though they have to aggregate their employees is much different than it used to be, par-ticularly for older employees, if you are over 47. 
Here are some numbers she gave me 
in that letter. If you are over 52, the in-crease this year over last year was $2,128. That is the annual increase. That is not the annual premium; that is the annual increase, $2,128.76. If you are 58, the annual increase was $4,599.60. Again, that is not the cost of the policy; that is the increase this year over last year. And if you were 61, the increase was $5,680.20. 
This is a company that for years has 
done everything it could to provide this as a benefit. One, it is clearly a benefit they have a hard time afford-ing, and suddenly it is a benefit that creates a huge obstacle for older work-ers. Where everybody used to be rated the same, they would rate your group, now they want to rate the individuals in your group. 
In our State, in Missouri, the average 
premium has increased by more than 10 percent. In Kansas City, the increase is 20 percent. The silver plan—not the best plan and not the worst plan—is 13 percent higher. The bronze plan, which sort of meets the minimum standards the administration says you have to have or pay the penalty, is 16 percent higher. That is just 1 year, and this is just your insurance. It is not your higher utility bill that is higher be-cause of another government regula-tion; it is not your higher this or your higher that; this is just your higher cost of not having to pay the penalty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.053 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8278 December 2, 2015 
Just the other day, Health and 
Human Services said for the first time ever, the average deductible is over $2,000. There is a little merit to having some of your own money invested in your own health care as you make these decisions, but the average is over $2,000. Many families are now seeing a $5,000 individual deductible with a max-imum of two family members, if you happen to have two people sick in the same year. Those same families may be paying $500, $600, $800 a month or more for insurance, so you have your insur-ance costs approaching $1,000 a month and your deductible of $10,000. For most families, that is just like not hav-ing insurance at all. You are writing this check every month hoping nobody gets sick. If you get sick, you might have to write another $10,000 check or more. As a matter of fact, I just men-tioned that Lance had the policy where his deductible went up $7,500 as his pre-mium was going up $150. 
I spent a lot of time with the hospital 
community in our State. Over and over again, I said: OK, what is your fastest growing column of bad debt? Over and over again, the answer is people with health insurance. People with health insurance are the fastest growing col-umn of bad debt because the health in-surance has a deductible that family can’t pay. If the deductible had been $500, you had that discussion: Well, we can do $200 of that, and maybe your mom and dad could help us with half of the other $300, and somebody else would help with the other $150, and we will pay it. But if it is a $5,000 deduct-ible, many families just say: We are never going to pay—we can’t pay $5,000. And so the health care provider writes that off. 
They are also taxing health savings 
accounts and flexible savings accounts, which are other tools people were using and using pretty effectively to have that money for a deductible, to have that money to offset things they didn’t want to insure against. 
This is a system that is simply de-
signed to fail, and there is no news here. There is no news here. Every time I came to this floor to talk about this— and that was many, many times—I ex-plained why the system would fail. Some of the press in my State—at least I remember one column that said: Sen-ator B
LUNT is spending way too much 
time talking about the weaknesses of ObamaCare. This is everybody’s health and 60 percent of the economy. It is pretty hard to spend too much time talking about those things. 
The other thing we constantly hear 
is that there were no alternatives. Let me quickly list those, and I am going to then yield the floor to others. 
The things that could have been done 
and still could be done, things that were proposed even though we con-stantly hear ‘‘Well, there were no other ideas out there’’—there were lots of ideas out there. Expand health savings accounts. Let those accounts be used for long-term care or long-term care insurance. Let small businesses join as 
a group. Let young adults stay on the policy longer. Liability reform, fair tax treatment, and buying across State lines are the kinds of things that could happen. Prohibit policy cancellation. Use what were very strong high-risk pools—expand those so that people with preexisting conditions could never be shut out of the insurance market. All of that fell on deaf ears, and now all we hear is that there were no other ideas, this is the only idea. This is a plan that is not working. 
I urge my colleagues to vote yes on 
this bill that puts the responsibility right back where it belongs—on the President’s desk. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, you just 
heard my colleague from Missouri talk about many of the things that could be used to replace ObamaCare. There were a lot of ideas that make sense when it comes to health care in this country, that put patients and consumers more in charge of their health care decisions, and that create more competition and allow market forces out there to work to drive health care prices down, which is the exact opposite of what we have with ObamaCare. 
For those who suggest there aren’t 
other ideas out there, you just heard the Senator from Missouri go through a quite lengthy list of ideas that could be incorporated into a replacement for what has been a disastrous piece of leg-islation for the American people. The reason for that is because after 5 years now, one thing has become abundantly clear; that is, ObamaCare just isn’t working. It flat isn’t working. It is not lowering premiums, it is not reducing health care costs, and it is not pro-tecting access to doctors or hospitals. 
Instead, Americans are paying more 
for their premiums. The average cost of a family health care plan has risen to $17,545 a year up from $13,770 in 2010. That is nearly $4,000 a year in addi-tional costs that the typical family in this country is having to contend with. 
In addition to paying higher pre-
miums, Americans with job-based in-surance are also facing increased deductibles. The situation is also bad on the ObamaCare exchanges. Pre-miums on the exchanges will rise once again this year, with many Americans facing rate increases in the double dig-its. 
Then there are the tax increases 
Americans are facing as a result of the law. While the Obama administration did its best to hide the true costs of the law, the truth is ObamaCare imple-ments almost a dozen new taxes to the tune of $1 trillion. American families are going to face an average of $20,000 more in taxes over the next 10 years thanks to ObamaCare. 
Now, I could go on. I could talk about 
the failing co-ops, the failed exchanges, the taxpayer dollars the law has wast-ed and much, much more. But today I would like to take just a few minutes 
to talk about the people behind those statistics—the individual Americans who are struggling under the tremen-dous burden ObamaCare has imposed. Over the past 5 years I have received numerous letters from constituents sharing the pain ObamaCare has caused them. I want to highlight just a few of the most recent. 
I had a constituent of mine from Hill 
City, SD, write to tell me: 
My premium is going from $624.16 a month 
to $1,054.42 per month, an increase of 68.93 percent. My wife’s premium is going from $655.70 to $1,083.41 per month, an increase of 65.23 percent. I was under the assumption that the new Affordable Health Care Act was to be just that, affordable. How can a yearly bill of $25,653.96 be affordable to a retired couple? 
That is from a constituent in Hill 
City, SD. Another constituent in Aber-deen, SD, wrote to share a similar story: 
We just received our rate increase for our 
family health insurance. We have been pay-ing $1,283.81 a month and the $557.45 increase will bring it up to $1,841.26. This amount has gone from 26 percent to 37 percent of our in-come. . . . After having insurance coverage for the past 38 years, we are faced with drop-ping coverage, which is ironic since that is not the purpose of the Affordable Care Act. We are considering dropping insurance and facing the penalty just so we can continue to live in our house, pay the bills, and buy gro-ceries. 
Another constituent from Redfield, 
SD, wrote to tell me: 
My current monthly premium is $863.12. 
The monthly change in my premium is $470.67, making my monthly premium a hefty sum of $1,333.79. I think this is out-rageous. 
Again, this is from a constituent in 
Redfield, SD. She continues to say: 
I know I am not the only one facing such 
enormous premium increases. My son, who is married and has two small children, received notice that his monthly premium will in-crease $495, making his monthly premium $1,571. 
Well, unfortunately, she and her son 
are far from the only ones to face such enormous premium increases. A con-stituent in Sioux Falls, SD, is facing a 50-percent premium increase. The pre-mium of a Deadwood constituent is in-creasing by 47 percent. A constituent in Milbank is facing a 62-percent pre-mium increase. As I mentioned above, a constituent in Hill City is facing an increase of almost 69 percent. 
More than one constituent has writ-
ten to tell me that his health insurance costs more than his mortgage pay-ment—more than a mortgage payment. One constituent told me she and her husband would have to pay 60 percent of their income to insure themselves and their four children—60 percent of their income. Think about that. If any more evidence was needed to dem-onstrate ObamaCare has failed, that should be sufficient. 
The Affordable Care Act may have 
been a well-intentioned law, but it has failed to achieve its objective. Not only has it failed to make health care more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.055 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8279 December 2, 2015 
affordable, but it has actually driven 
up health care prices to unthinkable levels for far too many Americans. South Dakota families cannot afford 50-percent premium increases or health insurance payments that are double their mortgage payments. No family can afford that—no family anyplace in the country. 
It is time for Democrats to stop de-
fending this broken law and to work with Republicans to repeal it and to begin building a bridge to real health care reform for hard-working families across the country. The legislation be-fore us today would do just that. It would give us that opportunity to move away from a health care plan that has failed, that has led to higher premiums and higher deductibles and higher copays and higher out-of-pocket costs and constructed networks where you can’t get access to the same pro-viders you perhaps could in the past. So the whole idea that if you like your health care, you can keep it is just not reflected in reality for most Ameri-cans. 
The promises that were made have 
been broken. This health care law is a failed law. We can do much better by the American people, if we have that opportunity, but it starts with repeal-ing this bad law and starting over and putting in place a health care system for this country that creates more af-fordable, more accessible health care for more Americans. I hope our col-leagues here in the Senate will join to-gether on both sides of the aisle and re-peal this bad law. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Idaho. 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise in 
opposition to the ObamaCare legisla-tion we are dealing with today and in an effort to repeal. I join my colleagues in calling on the President to work with us to reform this very badly writ-ten law. 
By any objective measure, the Presi-
dent’s health care law is a disaster. Six years ago, at Christmas time, I was here on this floor as we held the final debate and held the final vote, after nearly a year of trying to stop this leg-islation from being forced into law. Un-fortunately, it was passed in the most partisan and misguided way on a straight party-line vote after virtually every serious effort to amend it and re-pair it had been rejected outright. 
Since that time, the American people 
have felt the impact of the law. Thirty of the Senators who forced it through this Chamber no longer serve in the Senate any more. I don’t believe this legislation could pass again were it brought before us. Those of us who fought over it at that time raised a number of concerns and warned the American people that this proposal would result in widespread dislocation of the American health care economy, that it would increase taxes on nearly everyone, force people from health in-surance plans and doctors whom they have and whom they like, push up pre-
miums and out-of-pocket expenses, cut Medicare services, and, finally, under-mine the employer-based health insur-ance program and market that so many people and families rely upon. 
Unfortunately, time and again, we 
have been proven right. In truth, today we see that the situation is much worse than even we said it would be. The President not only managed to mangle the 2013 rollout of the ObamaCare exchanges, but he repeat-edly has delayed key parts of the law because of the entirely predictable problems that have arisen and made se-lective interpretations of the law nec-essary to advance the administration’s political interests. 
The President, or a top administra-
tive official, stated 37 times: ‘‘If you like your health care plan, you can keep it.’’ These included numerous na-tional townhalls and weekly Presi-dential addresses. This statement proved to be PolitiFact’s 2013 ‘‘Lie of the Year.’’ 
Since those statements, millions of 
cancellation notices have been sent out to Americans across this country, in-cluding over 100,000 in Idaho alone in 2013, rendering meaningless the Presi-dent’s oft- repeated pledge. 
In January, CBO updated its esti-
mate of the effects of the health care law, indicating that over 10 million in-dividuals will lose their employer- based health care coverage by 2021. Further, CBO estimates the law will leave 31 million people uninsured, up from its original 2011 forecast of 23 mil-lion people. 
We are also learning that the health 
care Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan Program—the CO-OP program—is failing nationally, despite receiving over $2 billion in taxpayer bailouts. Today, over half—12 of the original 23 public co-ops—have failed. Between Oc-tober 9 and October 16, 4 co-ops an-nounced they would not offer health in-surance in 2016, leaving 176,000 patients scrambling to find a new plan. 
The President is also annually faced 
with the reality of rising premiums and out-of-pocket expenses for health in-surance plans. What is his line of argu-ment? He again tries to lower expecta-tions, saying that these costs are not as bad as they initially were projected to be, even though they are still going up. 
Throughout the 2008 Presidential 
campaign, then-Senator Barack Obama repeatedly promised that his health care plan would bring down premiums by as much as $2,500 for the typical family. As President, he continued to make this claim, even after studies demonstrated that the opposite would occur. The truth was that the opposite did occur. Health care premiums have skyrocketed. 
For the most recent open enrollment 
period, the average premium increase for the midlevel silver plans on the Federal exchange is 7.5 percent, more than triple last year’s increase. In Idaho, which operates a State ex-
change, the average premium increase for a Blue Cross of Idaho plan is 23 per-cent. The average premium for a Regence BlueShield of Idaho plan is 10 percent. And the average premium in-crease for a SelectHealth plan is 14 per-cent. This is after year after year of in-creasing health care premiums. 
What is the justification from the in-
surers? This is the first year prices are based on post-ObamaCare patients, en-rollments costs, and mandates. Pre-miums are skyrocketing. 
There are better solutions. To ad-
dress the increasing costs and decreas-ing choices, the bill we have before us today eliminates the individual and employer mandates so Americans can once again choose the plan that fits their health care and budget needs. 
It also repeals the taxes on employer 
contributions to flexible spending ac-counts and expands the availability of health savings accounts, FSAs, and health reimbursement accounts. These accounts are central to a consumer- driven health care system. 
But it is not just premiums that are 
increasing. People are facing higher deductibles and copays as well, some-times thousands of dollars higher than before. For the lowest cost ObamaCare plans in 2016, deductibles have in-creased by 10.6 percent for individuals and 10 percent for families. 
Let me give just a couple of examples 
from constituents in Idaho. Daniel from Meridian, ID, recently contacted my office to explain why he and his family are uninsured for the first time in their lives. Daniel is employed and the sole provider for his family. His employer offers health coverage, but the estimated cost of premiums for his family would be over $900 per month. He chose to purchase insurance from the exchange but decided the coverage was not worth a $500-per-month pre-mium and an $8,000 deductible. That is right, an $8,000 deductible. 
Daniel is not the only constituent 
who has contacted my office about the so-called family glitch—an unfortunate but not uncommon flaw in ObamaCare that has left millions of Americans families uninsured. 
Bill from Boise, ID, is a small busi-
ness owner. He purchases his own health insurance and provides coverage to his 45 employees. He saw his pre-miums increase by 7 percent in 2014, by 12 percent in 2015, and was recently no-tified by his insurance company that premiums will increase by 25.6 percent in 2016. Bill says these increases, in ad-dition to other regulations and man-dates coming from the government, will likely cause small businesses to close their doors. 
Lane from Melba, ID, experienced his 
premiums increase to over $900 per month for his family. Even without preexisting conditions, his plan in-cludes a $3,500 deductible. These cost increases come as individuals are pay-ing more in taxes also as a result of ObamaCare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.056 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8280 December 2, 2015 
People may recall that at the time of 
the debate, the President stated again and again: 
I can make a firm pledge . . . no family 
making less than $250,000 will see their taxes increase . . . not your income taxes, not your payroll taxes, not your capital gains taxes, not any of your taxes. . . . You will not see any of your taxes increase one single dime. 
Well, when we debated the bill we 
pointed out that there was over $1 tril-lion—maybe close to $1.5 trillion—of new taxes, most of which were going to fall squarely on the middle class. Yet, during consideration of ObamaCare, the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation sent me a letter confirming that there were at least seven specific tax increases in the bill which would raise taxes on middle-income American families. 
According to CBO, ObamaCare will 
cost taxpayers more than $116 billion a year in taxes. The average American household can expect to pay more than $20,000 in new taxes over the next 10 years. In Idaho, my constituents will pay $360 million more in taxes over the next decade, or $6,055 per household. 
The legislation we are considering 
today will solve this problem as well. It will eliminate more than $1 trillion in tax increases and save more than $500 billion in spending. And for all of the additional burdens, mandates, and costs, consumers are finding narrower insurance networks and limited plan offerings. In its recent Notice of Ben-efit and Payment Parameters for 2017, CMS actually stated that an excessive number of health plan options makes consumers less likely to make any plan selection and that standardized options are needed to provide consumers the opportunity to make simpler compari-sons. This means these standardiza-tions will once again mandate that in-surers offer consumers fewer options. 
To sum up, millions of Americans are 
being forced from plans they like and the doctors and hospitals they know. They face higher premiums and higher deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses, they navigate one of the least cus-tomer-friendly Web sites ever designed, they are obligated to share personal and sensitive financial information through a network that hackers have called a gold mine for thieves—and, which is managed by the IRS—and, in return, they are paying higher taxes and seeing Medicare benefits cut. 
It is time that we in Congress place 
on the President’s desk a solution, a repeal of these onerous and misguided health care policies and a reform of our health care system that will help move us to achieve the true objectives that Americans are asking for—helping to get a proper health care delivery sys-tem with a market-based delivery foundation that will help to reduce costs, increase the quality of care, and expand access to care across this coun-try. We know we can do it. But we know now very clearly that ObamaCare is not the solution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed to finish my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, this week 
marks another milestone in the long, sordid history of the so-called Afford-able Care Act. 
It has been roughly 5
1⁄2years since 
this law, cobbled together with spit and baling wire, went into effect. In a few weeks, we will reach the 6-year an-niversary of the initial Senate passage of the legislation that would eventu-ally become ObamaCare. Many of us re-member those days well because we were here when it happened. Others who were here back then are no longer serving in Congress, and, in many cases, as a direct result of how they voted at the time. Still, for those of us who remain, I expect that this week— as we debate and hope to pass legisla-tion to repeal the most harmful ele-ments of ObamaCare—will bring back a flood of memories. It already has for me. 
We all remember the absurd promises 
that were made by the President and his allies to try to win over the Amer-ican public: If you like your health in-surance, you can keep it; the bill will bring health care costs down; only rich people and evil corporations will see their taxes go up—and so on and so forth. 
We all remember the deals cut behind 
closed doors to bring reluctant Demo-cratic Senators on board. A number of those deals ended being so notorious that they even got nicknames: the ‘‘Cornhusker kickback,’’ the ‘‘Lou-isiana purchase,’’ the ‘‘Bay State boon-doggle,’’ and ‘‘Gatorade.’’ We all re-member a sitting Speaker of the House arguing with a straight face that Con-gress would have to pass the health care law before the American people could know what was in it. 
More than anything, we all remem-
ber a Senate majority—a super major-ity, as some called it at the time—that was so committed to giving their Presi-dent a political win that they forced a massive, poorly drafted bill through the Senate without a single Republican vote. They didn’t need any Republican votes to pass it, and they sure weren’t looking for any. Instead, they threw together a massive overhaul of a huge portion of the U.S. economy and forced it on the American people on a strictly partisan basis—not only here but also in the House. 
I will tell you something else that I 
personally remember from that time. I remember sitting here on the floor shortly before the final cloture vote during the Senate’s consideration of the bill and listening to our distin-guished majority leader, who was at the time the minority leader. It was December 21, 2009. It was late, nearly 1 o’clock in the morning, and the good Senator stood up and offered some dire warnings for those who supported the 
bill. After detailing many of the prob-lems the bill would cause—predictions that have all come true, by the way— Senator M
CCONNELL said: 
I understand the pressure our friends on 
the other side are feeling, and I don’t doubt for a moment their sincerity. But my mes-sage tonight is this: The impact of this vote will long outlive this one frantic snowy weekend in Washington. Mark my words: This legislation will reshape our Nation. . . . 
And he was right. That legislation— 
now a law—has in many ways reshaped our Nation, including some ways that I am not even sure Senator M
CCONNELL  
could have predicted that night. 
Yes, it has had a disastrous impact 
on our health care system. I will have more to say about that in a moment. But, in my view, it has also eroded the public’s confidence in our institutions and undermined the ability of our gov-ernment to function well. By passing this law—forcing it through Congress on a purely partisan basis—its pro-ponents sent a clear message that par-tisanship trumped good judgment and the will of the voters. 
After running a masterful election 
campaign, President Obama came into office in 2009 riding a wave of goodwill and promises to usher in an era of ‘‘post-partisanship’’—whatever that was supposed to mean—and allow us to transcend ideology to focus on good government and pragmatic solutions. Yet his biggest campaign promise, the top priority of his first term and his signature domestic achievement, ObamaCare, was the result of the larg-est exercise in naked partisanship in our Nation’s history. 
By any estimation, the debate and 
passage of ObamaCare deepened our Nation’s partisan divide and drove more voters—on both ends of the spec-trum—into deeper and more en-trenched partisan and ideological posi-tions. It made people more cynical and less trusting of our government and its leaders. It gave additional credence to the perception that politics and gov-erning in America are more about trib-alism and conflict than about pro-viding real solutions to the problems plaguing our citizens. 
Can anyone seriously argue that our 
Nation is less partisan or less divided now than it was prior to the passage of ObamaCare? I would like to see anyone try to make that claim with a straight face. 
Sadly, that is not all. The damage 
wrought by ObamaCare extends well beyond our Nation’s political discourse and into our governing institutions themselves. Most notably, we have had an administration so committed to ObamaCare that it has, on numerous occasions, exceeded its constitutional authority in order to preserve it. 
The examples of overreach and abuse 
of power have been well documented. The Obama administration has unilat-erally moved deadlines set by the stat-ute that they found to be inconvenient. They have rewritten provisions in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.058 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8281 December 2, 2015 
law to give favors and carve-outs to po-
litical supporters. They have selec-tively enforced other provisions in order to give more teeth to their regu-lations. And that is just the tip of the iceberg. 
Make no mistake. President Obama’s 
penchant for Executive overreach ex-tends well beyond the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. But clearly, 
many of the most egregious examples of abuse on the part of this administra-tion were undertaken to preserve a poorly constructed health system that simply could not work the way the law was drafted. Simply put, ObamaCare has led directly to a weakening of our constitutional order and an erosion of the separation of powers. Given all of these negative consequences, the ques-tion ultimately becomes this: Has it been worth it? 
Don’t get me wrong. In my opinion, 
all these terrible aftereffects would, by themselves, be enough justification to undo what was done in this Chamber nearly 6 years ago. Still, if the law was working—if it was having a positive overall impact on our health care sys-tem—proponents might have some-thing to hang their hat on when it comes to this law. Indeed, if the Amer-ican people now had better, more af-fordable health care, supporters of ObamaCare could at least try to argue that all of these other problems have been in service of some noble cause. Of course, we know the law is not work-ing. The American people do not have better, more affordable health care under ObamaCare. Instead, the parade of horribles that began the day the law was enacted has extended beyond our politics, beyond our institutions, and into the lives and livelihoods of every-day Americans. 
The system created by the Affordable 
Care Act—so-called Affordable Care Act—was based largely on the premise that the government could impose drastic new regulations on the indi-vidual health insurance market with-out dramatically increasing the cost of insurance because younger, healthier consumers would be drawn into the market, bringing down costs for every-one else. This claim was obviously fic-tion. Republicans argued at the time that without serious effort to reduce costs overall, this prized demographic group would stay out of the market, and premiums would skyrocket due to the various mandates and regulations. We now know that we were right. Younger and healthier patients are, by the millions, choosing to forego health insurance and pay fines rather than enter into the individual insurance market. According to most surveys, many of these individuals are choosing to go uninsured because, even with the benefit of ObamaCare premium sub-sidies, they cannot afford the cost of insurance. 
As a result, premiums are going up 
all over the country. Premium spikes in the double digits have been increas-ingly common in the current enroll-ment period. My own home State of 
Utah has seen premiums go up in this enrollment period by an average 22 per-cent, which will undoubtedly wreak havoc on family budgets and local busi-nesses. Other States have it even worse, with premiums spiking as much as 25 percent, 30 percent or, in the case of a State such as South Dakota, 63 percent. 
Even with increased premiums, in-
surers are having a harder time doing business in a number of markets, lead-ing providers to exit the various ex-changes where patients buy insurance with the aid of ObamaCare subsidies. Just a few weeks ago, in fact, we saw reports that the largest health insur-ance company in the Nation— UnitedHealth Group—was considering withdrawing from the exchanges en-tirely. The result will inevitably mean fewer insurers, which means fewer choices and even higher premiums for consumers. It is no wonder, therefore, that next year’s enrollment estimates for the exchanges are down dramati-cally. And, as enrollment drops, all of this—the costs, the reduced options, and the overall state of care—will get even worse in the individual health in-surance market. 
This downward spiral is all the more 
maddening when we consider that the President promised the American peo-ple that his law would actually reduce the cost of health insurance in the United States. 
I am not done yet. There are other 
problems worth discussing here today. There is, for example, ObamaCare’s massive Medicaid expansion. In vir-tually every case, when the proponents of ObamaCare cite numbers of newly insured individuals under the law, most of the increase can be attributed to the Medicaid expansion. Let’s be clear. Medicaid is one of the most poorly con-structed programs in all of govern-ment. It is extremely costly at the Federal level and even more so at the State level, where it is not uncommon for the program to take up as much as one-fourth to one-third of a State’s fi-nancial resources. Even with all that cost, it is, in terms of available pro-viders and services, one of the worst, if not the worst health insurance options in the country. 
Some of us in Congress have been 
working for years to reform the struc-ture of the Medicaid Program in order to reduce costs, improve the program, and preserve it for those who are in need. The Affordable Care Act did not fix these problems; it made them worse. Under ObamaCare, Medicaid is more expensive to taxpayers and an even larger burden on the States. With dramatically increased enrollment, Medicaid reform is likely to be even more difficult in the future. 
Why anyone would brag about adding 
enrollees to an insolvent government health program that provides the low-est standard of service in the country with the fewest provider options is be-yond me. I suppose those tasked with claiming ObamaCare is a success have 
to cite positive figures wherever they can dig them up. 
The Affordable Care Act also in-
creased taxes dramatically. It raised taxes on drug companies and medical device manufacturers, which have been passed directly to middle-income and lower income consumers because that is what happens when you increase taxes on businesses that produce goods and services. It includes a tax on the so-called Cadillac insurance plans, which proponents claim would only im-pact rich employees of very large cor-porations. Of course, the tax was struc-tured in a way that guarantees that in the not too distant future, millions of middle-class Americans will be hit by the tax and see their insurance costs go up even further. 
All told, there have been about $1 
trillion in new taxes under ObamaCare. While the President and his allies may claim these taxes hold the middle class harmless, the facts tell a different story. That story, of course, isn’t just now coming to light. Many of us on the Republican side have been talking about these issues from the very begin-ning. 
I can go on and on. For example, the 
Affordable Care Act, with its various mandates, also increased costs to em-ployers around the country, resulting in fewer new hires and reduced oppor-tunities for many existing employees. Many small businesses now choose not to expand in order to avoid reaching the number of employees that will trig-ger new requirements. At the same time, because the law perversely de-fines a full-time employee as one work-ing a minimum of 30 hours, other com-panies are avoiding the triggers by cut-ting back on workers’ hours. 
All of these developments—every sin-
gle one of them—were predicted way back in 2009 when the law was being de-bated. The President told us we were wrong. His supporters in Congress did the same. They ignored the obvious warnings, and now the American peo-ple, as well as small businesses and job creators, are paying the price. 
These issues and many others are 
why Republicans have spent more than 5 years fighting against ObamaCare. We have introduced bills to repeal the whole law, others to repeal just the most harmful elements. I personally have introduced bills to repeal the in-dividual mandate, the employer man-date, and the medical device tax. On the Senate Finance Committee, we have conducted rigorous oversight on numerous aspects of the law and the implementation of various programs. Other committees have done the same within their jurisdictions. Virtually all of us have supported efforts to chal-lenge elements of the law in court. 
While we have differed on tactics 
from time to time, Republicans have been united in our desire to repeal and replace this misguided attempt at health care reform. Some of us have even come up with specific ideas on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.060 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8282 December 2, 2015 
how to replace ObamaCare. For exam-
ple, earlier this year, Senator B URR, 
Chairman F REDUPTON from the House, 
and I released the latest draft of the Patient CARE Act, a legislative pro-posal that would fix many of the things the authors of ObamaCare got horribly wrong. 
Most notably, as a number of health 
care experts have concluded, our pro-posal would actually reduce health care costs. As we all know, rising costs are the single biggest problem plaguing our health care system. Yet the Presi-dent’s health law did virtually nothing to address this issue. Unlike the poorly named Affordable Care Act, the Pa-tient CARE Act would actually make health care more affordable throughout the United States. 
At the beginning of this year, Repub-
licans assumed the majority in the Senate, having committed—even prom-ised in some cases—to work to repeal this so-called Affordable Care Act. This week, with the bill now before us, we will take a major step toward deliv-ering on those promises. The legisla-tion we are now debating would send the broadest possible ObamaCare re-peal to the President’s desk. 
As the chairman of the Senate Fi-
nance Committee, I am pleased to have joined with my colleagues—the distin-guished chairman of the Budget and HELP Committees, as well as the Sen-ate Republican leadership—to lead this latest fight against ObamaCare. This bill would repeal many of the worst parts of ObamaCare. Among other things, it would repeal the individual mandate, the employer mandate, the medical device tax, and the Cadillac tax. All of these different parts of ObamaCare have contributed in one way or another to the long, slow death march we have witnessed over the past 5 years. All of them would be dealt with under this legislation. 
The legislation would address an-
other contentious debate: the one deal-ing with Planned Parenthood. The de-bate over Planned Parenthood has per-plexed Congress and divided our coun-try for years as many people have ex-pressed ever more opposition to pro-viding such a controversial organiza-tion—and I am being generous with that label—with taxpayer funds. As we all know, this debate reached a boiling point earlier this year. 
The reconciliation package before us 
would prohibit Federal payments to Planned Parenthood and direct more funds to the Federal community health center program, putting an end to the Federal Government’s entanglements with Planned Parenthood while alle-viating legitimate concerns about funding for women’s health. This is yet another reason to support this legisla-tion. 
As I said, the debate we are having 
this week is an important milestone in the history of ObamaCare, maybe even the most important milestone yet. But we need to be realistic. While this bill is an important step, it stands no real chance of becoming law. For that to 
happen, we are going to have to see even more changes. But that doesn’t mean our efforts here are for nothing. This bill may not result in new law, but it will give the American people a fresh accounting of where each of us stands when it comes to ObamaCare. 
It is funny, Republicans have taken 
some flack—not a lot but some—for re-ferring to the Affordable Care Act as ‘‘ObamaCare’’ or ‘‘the President’s health care law.’’ The President, for his part, hasn’t shied away from these la-bels, but I have read a few pundits who think these terms are specifically in-tended to undermine the legitimacy of a statute duly passed by Congress. In some respects, I suppose that might be true. After all, even though we con-stantly refer to the law as ‘‘ObamaCare,’’ it is not as though President Obama passed it himself. He was aided and abetted by his allies in Congress. 
While it may be useful shorthand to 
attach the President’s name to it, I don’t think the American people have forgotten the others who helped bring this terrible law to pass. President Obama will forever own the Affordable Care Act, that is for sure. People will likely always refer to it as ‘‘ObamaCare.’’ But those in Congress who drafted and voted for the law will own it too. 
When President Obama vetoes this 
legislation, as we all expect he will, he will take ownership of the Affordable Care Act—not that he hasn’t in the past—along with its many failures and gross inadequacies all over again. I think the same can be said for any of our colleagues who vote against repeal-ing the worst elements of the law this week. 
I hope my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle will think about that as this debate moves forward and that they will consider voting with us to send this repeal to the President’s desk. I think it would be a very wise move on their part. 
This isn’t going away even if the 
President does veto this bill. I hope he doesn’t, but if he intends to do it, it would be a breath of fresh air for our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to help us to have a veto-proof major-ity to tell the President once and for all that this bill is not what we want in America. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I 
come to the Senate floor today to talk about the broken promises of ObamaCare and the negative impacts this poorly written law have had on my State of Colorado. While there have been many broken promises of ObamaCare, there have been three major broken promises that are the center of focus for hundreds of thou-sands of Coloradans. 
I want to start with broken promise 
No. 1. If you like your plan, you can keep it. The President said over 35 
times that Americans shouldn’t worry about ObamaCare because if you like your plan, then you can keep it. And it wasn’t just the President; time after time, supporters of ObamaCare came to the floor of the House or the Senate or before townhalls in their States or dis-tricts and repeated those words: If you like your plan, you can keep it. In fact, these words were used to justify the reason they supported ObamaCare in the first place. 
Coloradans quickly learned this 
promise was far from the truth. In late 2013, roughly 335,000 insurance policies in Colorado were canceled because of ObamaCare. These cancellations also affected my family health care plan. Unfortunately, the cancellations in 2013 were the very beginning. In Janu-ary of 2014, the Colorado Division of In-surance canceled an additional 249,000 plans because those plans didn’t meet the requirements of ObamaCare. 
The President said: If you like your 
plan, you can keep it. Supporters in Congress said: If you like your plan, you can keep it. But what he meant was, as long as the government ap-proves of your plan, you can keep it. 
In 2015, an additional 190,000 plans 
were canceled. In total, according to the Congressional Research Service, over 750,000 health insurance perhaps plans in Colorado were canceled be-tween 2013 and 2015. 
The fact-checking organization 
PolitiFact said this promise was ‘‘im-possible to keep’’ and went on to deem President Obama’s promise that if you like your health care plan, you can keep it the ‘‘Lie of the Year’’ for 2013. 
Supporters of ObamaCare will tell 
you that it is OK that this happened because these 750,000 individuals must have had inferior health insurance and that the government knows best. You see, that is the exact problem with gov-ernment. That is the arrogance of gov-ernment and the arrogance of ObamaCare—that people in the govern-ment, bureaucrats and others, believe they know better than the American consumers what is best for them. They believe it is OK to cancel 750,000 poli-cies because they must have been bad, so go ahead and cancel them. They will also say that it is all right because there are additional plans they can choose from. But that wasn’t the prom-ise of ObamaCare. 
Broken promise No. 1: If you like 
your health care plan, you can keep it. 
Broken promise No. 2: ObamaCare 
will reduce the costs for families, busi-nesses, and our government. 
Remember, when ObamaCare was 
passed, they said the family would save $2,500 a year relatively soon after its passage. Unfortunately, Coloradans have felt that broken promise as well. It is a broken promise that hit their pocketbooks and has broken the bank as well. For example, take the Western 
Slope of Colorado. I have a chart here. According to the Colorado Division of Insurance, individual insurance pre-miums for 2016 on the Western Slope of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.070 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8283 December 2, 2015 
Colorado will rise by an additional av-
erage of 25.8 percent. 
There are people across America who 
are familiar with Colorado’s Western Slope. These are the incredible moun-tain vistas, our forests, our national parks, our ski resorts. 
They received a 25.8-percent increase 
in their health care costs this year. That is far from the promise of low-ering the health care costs that ObamaCare was passed with. No one can afford these high prices. In fact, in 2013 one of my Democratic colleagues in the Colorado delegation even tried to exempt one of the wealthiest coun-ties in Colorado from ObamaCare, cit-ing that health insurance premiums would be too expensive. Let me say that again. A Member of the U.S. House of Representatives, a Democrat, tried to exempt portions of his district from ObamaCare because it was mak-ing his constituents pay too much for their insurance. Here is a quote: 
We will be encouraging a waiver. It will be 
difficult for Summit County residents to be-come insured. For the vast majority, it’s too high a price to pay. 
It doesn’t matter whether you live in 
the Eastern Plains, Fort Collins, or the Western Slope, ObamaCare has simply made it more costly. Plans are getting more expensive, and promises are being broken. 
Broken promise No. 3: President 
Obama promised greater competition in the marketplace through consumer- run co-ops. Yet over 80,000 Coloradans are feeling the impacts of this broken promise. To date, 12 out of 23 co-ops created by ObamaCare have been shut down across the United States, includ-ing the co-op in Colorado, which failed in October of this year. 
Nationwide, the failed co-ops were 
loaned over $1 billion, which came from the hard-working taxpayers of this country. That taxpayer money was supposed to help get these co-ops off the ground, but now with these fail-ures, that taxpayer money is at risk of never being paid back to the people of this country, and the health care of nearly 700,000 individuals across the United States is in jeopardy. 
ObamaCare allowed policies to be of-
fered that were never actuarially sound because they assumed there would be a bailout by the government to help make them actuarially sound. By banking on a bailout, they sold the American people a bill of goods. 
Today we have a path forward that is 
turning away from the failed health care law that has been built on broken promises. The first step of this path forward is to repeal ObamaCare, and I urge my colleagues to support the re-peal of ObamaCare that we will be vot-ing on this week. Repealing ObamaCare will clear the way for a replacement plan and will put our country’s health care on the right track. 
First, we have to restore the ability 
of individuals to choose what is best for themselves instead of having Big Government choose for them. Colo-radans don’t want Dr. Congress. They 
want to keep the doctor they were promised they could keep in the first place. The best way to do this is to en-sure that people get to keep the health plans that they want, and that is why I am working with Senator R
ONJOHN-
SONfrom Wisconsin on his amendment 
that simply says that if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. 
I heard from countless individuals in 
Colorado who lost the plans they liked and wanted to keep. They were cer-tainly promised they could keep them, and just because ObamaCare can’t ful-fill the promise that it was sold under doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do our jobs to make that promise a reality. The amendment Senator J
OHNSON and I 
have offered would allow individuals to continue receiving health coverage on plans that would otherwise be canceled because of ObamaCare. 
Second, we must ensure that tax-
payer dollars are used responsibly. I filed an amendment that will help re-cover taxpayer money that was loaned to the failed co-ops. More than $1 bil-lion in Federal loans were awarded to these failed co-ops. Congress has a duty to spend taxpayer dollars responsibly, and this amendment will ensure just that. 
Lastly, we must make sure individ-
uals have certainty in the health cov-erage they choose. My final amend-ment will make certain that co-ops can’t rely on bailouts when they are calculating insurance premiums, set-ting false expectations for consumers. Several co-ops counted on these bailout provisions to keep premiums artifi-cially low. Because these premiums were artificially low and since many co-ops were planning on receiving the bailout, many could no longer cover their expenses. Allowing co-ops to rely on a bailout was irresponsible and has resulted in nearly 700,000 individuals nationwide whose health coverage is now uncertain. 
It is time to act. It is time to take 
the path forward. It is time to repeal ObamaCare, which is simply one big broken promise after another. This path to repeal ObamaCare will allow us to replace ObamaCare and will have fewer health care regulations for busi-nesses and individuals. It will put us on a path forward for individual freedoms and a more prosperous America. 
I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL AND POLICY  
RIDERS  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we are 
about to consider a big appropriations bill all wrapped up into one called an Omnibus appropriations bill. I think it 
will be a good bill. But here we go again, trying to attach all kinds of goodies to it. 
Now, with just a few days left of 
funding before the U.S. Government spending authority and appropriations expire—to the best of my recollection that is about 9
1⁄2days away—we have 
to get something done. But what is happening is that the special interests are coming out of the woodwork, and they are hard at work to sneak sweet-heart deals into what is a must-pass piece of legislation—the funding to keep the Government of the United States functioning. So these special in-terests that are suddenly popping up and sneaking around the corner don’t have to get the votes to get it passed through their regular order for what-ever their particular interest is. They want it so their interests are riders on the appropriations bill, and everybody has to vote for it with their special in-terests because if we don’t, the govern-ment shuts down, which is obviously an unacceptable alternative. 
These handouts to special interests 
are known as appropriations riders. Most ordinary Americans don’t know that this stuff is going on. 
Well, based on the appropriations bill 
that we saw earlier this year, we know that many of these riders could work their way in. For example, some peo-ple, particularly in the banking com-munity, don’t like some of the restric-tions. In September of 2008, when we nearly had a financial meltdown as a result of Lehman Brothers going down, there was a big financial death spiral going on. A lot of excesses happened during that time in the bailout so that Wall Street would not go under, and there was legislation to correct some of those excesses. It is known by the name of the two authors, Senator Dodd and Congressman Frank. There are going to be people trying to put in a rollback of some of those provisions, but I hope some of our colleagues will remember what those were put in for, so that we don’t have the likelihood of having another financial death spiral like that which almost occurred. 
I hope we remember the picture in 
our minds of the Republican Secretary of the Treasury at the end of the George Bush administration, begging the leadership of Congress to pass the troubled assets relief bill to keep the financial integrity of the U.S. Govern-ment. There were a lot of excesses, in-cluding excessive executive salaries that came from that. 
We know all about what happened to 
that supersized insurance company called AIG. I don’t think Americans would want these kinds of things put on a necessary funding bill for the United States Government. 
I will give another example. Another 
policy rider is to prohibit the United States from working with other coun-tries to address climate change. This Senator has been in the middle of it be-cause Miami Beach is ground zero on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.071 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8284 December 2, 2015 
climate change. The measurements 
over the last 40 years are an additional 5 to 8 inches that the sea level has risen at the seasonal high tide. The streets of Miami Beach are flooded. It is a real problem. 
There are some, such as Senator 
I
NHOFE , who don’t believe it. So we can 
have that debate. I am respectful of Senator I
NHOFE and of his position, al-
though I think we can easily refute it with scientific evidence, but we ought to have that debate. Don’t sneak it in on a rider on a must-pass, gargantuan appropriations bill in order to keep the government functioning. 
There are other riders that are being 
discussed that are bad for the safety of families and making our highways more dangerous. For example, we picked up that some of the appropri-ators have suggested to continue the delay of the important implementation of safety laws, such as how long does it take for a trucker to become tired if they have to work longer and longer hours, and is that a safety concern. As the ranking member of the Commerce Committee, which has jurisdiction, we work on these issues. We debate them. Don’t go trying to sneak something in under the rug in an appropriations bill regarding safety for surface transpor-tation. We just hammered that out in a conference committee on the highway bill. The highway bill is a lot more than just highways and bridges; it is surface transportation. It includes safety measures as well for all modes of surface transportation. 
Let me give an example of another 
rider that is out there lurking. There are some who want to take all of the additional fees—when someone buys a ticket to fly on an airline, a person ought to have the opportunity of know-ing what all those fees are, and on a person’s airline ticket that one buys from the airline, one usually does. But there are others who want to sell those airline tickets—not the airlines—and not disclose all of those fees. Yet the consumers are the ones who are paying for it. They are trying to sneak in under the rug another provision that would become law on an unrelated ap-propriations bill. 
So I just wanted to add my voice to 
the others who are speaking this after-noon. Let’s put the American people first, and let’s use what we hear about all the time: Regular order. Let the committee system work to hammer out what ought to be in the bills in-stead of, at the eleventh hour of the 59th minute as we have to fund the government, trying to sneak some-thing in, in the dead of night, in order to scratch the itch of someone’s special interest. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to lead a col-loquy with Senators B
URR, ISAKSON , 
CASSIDY , and S COTT for up to 20 min-
utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
today we are talking about repealing Obamacare and moving in a completely different direction toward more choices and lower costs for Americans as they search for their health care plans. 
I came to the floor yesterday and 
brought back a memory from 5
1⁄2years 
ago of the President’s health care sum-mit, nationally televised all day long at the Blair House, with 36 Members of Congress and the President of the United States. I had a chance, leading off for the Republican speakers that day, to say respectfully to President Obama: Mr. President, this health care plan of yours is going to impose a huge Medicaid unfunded mandate on State budgets, which will raise tuitions and take money from other State pro-grams. It will take money out of Medi-care and spend it on something else. It will increase taxes, it will raise pre-miums, and it will cost jobs. Unfortu-nately, that all turned out to be true. 
The Senator from Georgia, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, was there, as I was, on that 
Christmas Eve. It was a cold night when the Democrats had, for a few months, 60 votes, and they rammed through Obamacare in the middle of the night with all Democratic votes, no Republican votes, with us warning what would happen. 
Now, I say to Senator I
SAKSON , the 
premiums in Georgia, I believe will go up 29 percent for some plans. 
Mr. ISAKSON. That is correct. Mr. ALEXANDER. And I wonder if 
the Senator has been hearing from some of his constituents about their premium increases. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, let me 
confirm what the Senator from Ten-nessee just said about that cold night on Christmas Eve 6 years ago when the administration was promising lower premiums, better benefits, and that ObamaCare was going to be the solu-tion for the problems of American fam-ilies. 
As the Senator from Tennessee said, 
I have gotten letters, as has he. Every Member has gotten letters from people who are having higher premiums, big-ger deductibles, and fewer benefits. Let me give an example. A family in Roswell, GA, wrote me, a family of five. They had just been notified that their premium was going from $849 a month to $1,075 a month, a $300 in-crease, with a deductible of $11,900, an increase of $6,900 in their deductible. The mother, who had a family history of breast cancer, was denied mammo-grams because of her age, and a young daughter who had a precancerous mole removed was refused reimbursement. 
So here is an increase in premiums, a 
reduction in benefits, and an increase in their deductible. It doesn’t make any sense, but it is all because of the mandates of the ObamaCare law. 
Secondly, a young couple in Smyrna, 
GA, wanted to plan for their retire-ment and start saving early in their early years of productivity. They re-
cently received a notice from their in-surance company that their premium was going from $607 a month to $1,379 a 
month—over a 100-percent increase. Where is that money coming from? They are having to reduce their sav-ings for retirement just to pay the ObamaCare premium and get less of a benefit because their deductible is going from $2,000 to $4,000. 
The promise of lower cost health care 
and better benefits was exactly wrong and what the American people were promised was wrong. I am proud that Mr. E
NZI, the Senator from Tennessee, 
and others who have led this reconcili-ation vote to repeal ObamaCare have done so. It is time the American people got the truth—better coverage, lower costs, but do it the old-fashioned way with a private competitive system. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Sen-
ator from Georgia for his leadership on the HELP Committee on which all of us serve. 
One of the newer members of the 
HELP Committee brings a lot of exper-tise: Senator C
ASSIDY from Louisiana. 
He wasn’t there, at least not in the Senate, on the night Obamacare passed, but he has written forcefully about the fact that while premiums have been going up, something else was going down, and that is family incomes because of the 30-hour work week. Sen-ator C
ASSIDY had an article in Forbes 
magazine in 2014 that pointed out the impact of the 30-hour work week in Obamacare and how that was hurting working families. 
Mr. CASSIDY. I say to Senator A
LEX-
ANDER , one of the ironies of this is that 
it was promoted as a way to help lower income families make ends meet bet-ter. But if you require employers to provide insurance to low-wage workers, the predictable response of an em-ployer who has thin margins is to actu-ally convert those full-time workers to part-time workers. This doesn’t happen for the CEO or for the CEO’s lieuten-ants, and it doesn’t happen for middle management. The folks it happens most to are those lower paid workers. 
I once went grocery shopping in 
Baton Rouge, and a woman rung me up. The next day my wife sent me to an-other store to get something else at an-other store. The same woman was ring-ing me up. I said: I just saw you at that store, but now I see you at this store. She said—I am paraphrasing—my first employer reduced my hours, so now I have had to take a second job to make ends meet. 
Now, that is the personal story. But 
what the labor statistics show is that since the recession has technically ended, the hours worked per week have recovered for higher income workers, but as for the lower income workers, they have continued to suffer. The most vulnerable have been the most af-fected in terms of hours worked, but it is not just the most vulnerable, it is also the middle class. 
The New York Times wrote an article 
2 weeks ago. The headline says it all: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.075 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8285 December 2, 2015 
‘‘Many Say High Deductibles Make 
Their Health Law Insurance All But Useless.’’ They quote a gentleman, David Reines from New Jersey. He is 60 years old. He said: 
The deductible, $3,000 a year, makes it im-
possible to actually go to the doctor. . . . We have insurance, but can’t afford to use it. 
So it is the middle-income worker 
who also has a policy which previously would have allowed him or her to go to the doctor. Now they can’t because the way ObamaCare is so structured is that it is too expensive for that out-of-pock-et first exposure. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. What the Senator 
is saying, if I hear him right, is that in the worst of circumstances, the effect of Obamacare on some of the people he is talking with means they are working less hours, so they have less money. Their insurance premium is higher, and so is their deductible. That is the ef-fect. 
Mr. CASSIDY. When it comes to in-
surance premiums, you can’t make this up. 
This is a fellow from Homewood, LA. 
His first name is Mark; we scratched out his last name. This is his letter from Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana informing him that his pol-icy, which had previously been $207 per month, was going up in 2016 to $961 per month. His policy, which had been roughly $2,400 a year, is going up to $11,500 a year. And this is because of the Affordable Care Act—the Unaffordable Care Act. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. The essential 
problem with Obamacare for people who buy individual insurance, it seems to me, I say to Senator I
SAKSON , is that 
Washington tells you what insurance to buy. 
I think of a woman named Emilie in 
Middle Tennessee who has lupus and who had a policy she could afford. It had modest benefits and it didn’t cost very much, but it fit her needs, but Obamacare canceled that policy. When she went online to find another policy under Obamacare, her costs went up from $100 to $400 a month. I guess the Senator has heard stories like that as well in Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. All the time, because 
what happened with ObamaCare is the following: People who had insurance they could afford and who had bought coverage they needed were forced to buy coverage they didn’t need because of the mandates in ObamaCare in terms of what had to be included. So it forced more coverage that you didn’t need, which raised the premiums you paid. So you end up paying more and getting less, and it was the mandates of ObamaCare that did it. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Senator C
ASSIDY , 
of course, has a unique perspective on this as a practicing physician. I think he still practices some—as much as he can within the Senate rules—but he sees patients regularly. I ask Senator C
ASSIDY , what was the effect of this 
new health care law 51⁄2years ago on 
the ability of patients to choose their 
own physicians? Mr. CASSIDY. The way the market 
has responded, in order to make insur-ance affordable despite the mandates, is there are so-called narrow networks. So someone signs up for the most af-fordable policy they can get. It turns out that the doctor they previously saw is not on this plan. So the narrow network is going to be just a small set of doctors. The specialists may be in another town; one hospital, not all hos-pitals. And patients are unfamiliar with this. They did not expect it. But that was their only affordable option. The mandates have driven up the costs so much. 
By the way, going back to the letter 
you got about the mandated benefits, in my recent campaign, I had a woman walk up to me, and she said: My name is Tina, and I am angry. I had a hysterectomy. I am 56 years old and I have no children. My husband and I are paying $500 more per month for insur-ance, which we cannot afford, and I am paying for pediatric dentistry, and I am paying for obstetrical services. 
She had had a hysterectomy, was 56 
years old, and had no children. 
Another woman—she was 58 and her 
husband was 57—told me: The only rea-son I would need obstetrical services, which I am forced to buy, is if my name is Sarah and my husband is Abra-ham, but that is not the case. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Senator I
SAKSON , 
before he came to the Senate, was a small businessman in Georgia. 
Probably the largest employer in our 
country is the hospitality industry— restaurants, hotels, that sort of thing, employing many young people, many minority people. I met with a number of restaurant owners, who told me after Obamacare passed that because of the costs of that insurance to the com-pany, their goal would be to reduce the number of employees from 90 to 70. So Obamacare costs jobs. Did the Senator have that kind of experience in Georgia as well? 
Mr. ISAKSON. Not only did it cost 
jobs, but it forced many people who had full-time jobs into part-time jobs because of the mandates. Small busi-ness got hurt and their employees got hurt. 
The mandates of ObamaCare for cov-
erage, the mandates for taxation, and the mandates for deductibles all con-tributed to the increasing costs of ObamaCare and made health care more out of reach than more accessible. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Memphis is proud 
of the fact that it is a center for med-ical device innovation. Some of the leading medical device companies in the world are located in Memphis, TN. The Obamacare bill—part of its trillion dollars in new taxes included a medical device tax which put an especially on-erous tax on the gross income of med-ical devices companies, causing the President in Costa Rica to put up signs saying ‘‘Welcome to Costa Rica’’ to medical device companies. 
I wonder if in Louisiana or Georgia 
you had any experience with the im-pact of the medical device tax on your 
constituents? 
Mr. CASSIDY. There is a fellow who 
started a medical device startup in New Orleans, and he was saying that he had an offer to move his business to Panama because a major portion of his market is overseas. 
So the medical device tax is, of 
course, a tax upon the gross of a busi-ness. If he moves overseas to Panama, taking those jobs with him, and con-tinues to sell internationally and not pay tax on that but is taxed only on that which he brings back to the United States, then he is obviously re-ducing his tax burden. Those are high- paying, white-collar jobs in New Orle-ans, a city recovering from Katrina. If the power to tax is the power to de-stroy, this tax has the power to destroy the ability of this gentleman to con-tinue to expand in New Orleans. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I say to Senator 
I
SAKSON , I recall one of the most vig-
orous debates we had 51⁄2years ago was 
first the President saying: We won’t touch Medicare. Next thing you know, they took $700 billion out of Medicare to spend on new programs, at a time when the Medicare trustees, whose job it is to tell us things like this, said: The program is going to go broke un-less we do something about it. We were saying: If you are going to take money away from grandma’s Medicare, you better spend it on grandma. But they didn’t. It impacted Medicare recipients in Georgia, Tennessee, and Louisiana. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Well, the President 
basically robbed Peter to pay Paul. He robbed the beneficiaries of Medicare benefits and then took the money and spent it on somebody else. So the per-son who had the benefits didn’t have the benefits any longer. 
The problem with this entire deal is 
it was a charade. Promises were made that if you like your policy, you can keep it. That turned out to be wrong. Premiums were going to go down. That turned out to be wrong. If you couldn’t get insurance, you would be able to get insurance. Well, that ended up being true in part, but it became something known as a bronze policy. Do you know what a bronze policy is? It was a policy that gave you coverage, but the de-ductible was so big, you couldn’t get to the coverage. So every time there was a promise, it was a broken promise, an increased cost, and less accessibility to coverage. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
how much time remains in our col-loquy? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
6 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Six minutes re-
maining. 
We have heard a lot in the news 
about co-ops. Co-ops were an invention of Obamacare that were designed to provide health care to many Ameri-cans. I know that in South Carolina, for example—closure of these co-ops for 67,000 South Carolinians and 27,000 Ten-nesseans—means that suddenly they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.077 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8286 December 2, 2015 
have to find new coverage. I wonder if 
either in Louisiana or Georgia, you have had any experience with the new co-ops in Obamacare? 
Mr. CASSIDY. Louisiana’s co-op 
failed. It attempted to lower costs with a skinny network, but ultimately it still could not compete. 
If I may point out, we have talked 
about how the low-wage worker has had her opportunity diminished by the law. We discussed how the middle-class family, who oftentimes had insurance they were told they could keep, lost it, and now they have a deductible of $3,000, which they say makes the insur-ance something they cannot afford. We are speaking about the U.S. taxpayer. The U.S. taxpayer has put billions of dollars toward these co-ops. There is some evidence that the administration continued to put money into them even when they knew they were going to fail, and yet now they are failing—over half and supposedly more slated to do so. It isn’t just the low-wage worker and the middle-class family; it is all the taxpayers who have taken a hit for promises made but promises broken. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. During the debate 
5
1⁄2years ago at the health care sum-
mit at the Blair House, our Democratic friends said: Well, when are you Repub-licans going to come up with a big, comprehensive plan? My answer to them was: If you are waiting for Sen-ator M
CCONNELL to roll a wheelbarrow 
onto the Senate floor with a 2,700 page McConnell-care bill, you are going to be waiting until the sky turns purple because we don’t believe in that. We don’t think we are wise enough in Washington, DC, to write a comprehen-sive plan for everything about the American health care for all the people in this country. 
Instead, what we proposed to do—and 
we proposed it over and over again— was to move step by step in a different direction toward more choices, more freedom, and lower costs. In fact, I counted it up, and 173 times in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD in the year 2009, we 
Republicans laid out our plans step by step toward those causes, steps like the step Senator S
COTT from South Caro-
lina took in a bipartisan way just this year to give States the ability to set the rates for the kind of insurance small businesses could buy and avoid an 18-percent increase in premiums. Those are the kinds of steps we would take in a different direction to give the American people those options. 
Our time for the colloquy has ex-
pired. I thank the Senator from Geor-gia, Mr. I
SAKSON , and the Senator from 
Louisiana, Mr. C ASSIDY . We Repub-
licans said 51⁄2years ago that premiums 
would go up, taxes would go up, jobs would be lost, and that State budgets would be burdened by Medicaid, and all that turned out to be true, unfortu-nately. 
The President said: If you like your 
plan, you can keep it. That turned out to be untrue, unfortunately. 
We are prepared to go in a different 
direction—more choices, more freedom, lower costs—but first, this week we are 
going to repeal Obamacare, which has caused such problems for the American people, and then we will head in a dif-ferent direction. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold that request? 
Mr. ISAKSON. I will withdraw the re-
quest. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
I ask unanimous consent to conduct 
a colloquy with my colleagues from Massachusetts and Florida for roughly the next 30 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
APPROPRIATIONS BILLS AND POLICY RIDERS  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, 7 
years ago Wall Street imploded, send-ing us into a recession that we hadn’t seen since the Great Depression. While our economy has slowly bounced back, the memory of that crisis is still fresh in the minds of many Americans, mil-lions of whom lost their jobs, millions of whom lost their homes, and millions of whom lost their retirement savings. 
Nobody wants to repeat the financial 
collapse, the bailouts, the recession. Indeed, we have spent the last 6 years digging out of a hole. Despite this, Re-publican colleagues at this very mo-ment are holding meetings and pre-paring policy riders to gut the reforms that shut down the Wall Street casino. They are working to open up that ca-sino again, to the great detriment of families across this country. Their goal is to add poison pill policy riders to the fiscal year 2016 appropriation bills that may well be consolidated into an omni-bus. 
That is why I am here on the floor 
with my colleagues from Rhode Island and Massachusetts. Our colleague, Sen-ator B
ILLNELSON from Florida, spoke 
earlier about these issues. We are here to say no to these policy riders that are seeking to reopen the Wall Street casino and put American families at peril. 
To start things off, I turn to my col-
league from Rhode Island, who has brought great expertise and diligence to this conversation over the respon-sible regulations, the ones that serve like the traffic signals that enable traf-fic to move slowly so they don’t end up in auto wrecks, but they don’t shut it down—the responsible regulations that will keep us from having another crash doing great damage to American fami-lies. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I thank my 
colleague from Oregon for his leader-ship on this issue, and I thank my col-leagues who are going to join us later. 
I am joining them in urging all of our 
colleagues in the Senate not to roll back the protections that are in place due to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act of 
2010. 
Let me remind everyone where we 
have come from. When we passed the Wall Street reform act, the Dodd- Frank act, we were in the most painful financial crisis since the Great Depres-sion. The Dow Jones dropped from roughly 13,700 points in July of 2007 to 7,235 points by March of 2009, about a 47 percent drop in wealth as indicated by the stock market. It was a huge, huge hit. The line at that time was: What is happening to your 401(k) plan? 
Well, we have come back, and one of 
the reasons we have come back is be-cause Dodd-Frank has now provided safer rules of the road for financial in-stitutions. 
Back then and going forward, we lost 
8.6 million jobs from January of 2008 until January of 2010. There were 8 mil-lion jobs lost primarily because Wall Street lost its way, frankly. The unem-ployment rate doubled from 5 percent in January of 2008 to 10 percent in Oc-tober of 2009. In that period of time, roughly from July 2007 to November of 2014, nearly 7.5 million families lost their homes. 
These are sobering numbers. Behind 
each of these numbers is an individual or family—our constituents, who suf-fered real and serious damages. Again, this was traceable almost directly back to excesses on Wall Street, which we consciously tried to correct in the Dodd-Frank act, and it has provided a solid foundation for economic recov-ery. Slow as it has been, we are coming back. 
What happened was that these fami-
lies lost their retirements—wiped out. It was not only the financial loss but the sheer psychological trauma of being either retired or on the edge of retirement and suddenly it was all gone. It has left a lasting impression. 
People have lost jobs, as I have indi-
cated. It was a huge loss of jobs. Some have never gotten back into the mar-ket or gotten a job at the level they had before. 
Then, of course, there were the fore-
closures, thousands and thousands of Americans losing their homes. Without their homes, some of our constituents lost their whole sense of belonging to the community and their ability to find a new job because they were just battling a day at a time for shelter and for subsistence. These were real issues, and we seem to have forgotten all of that. We seem to have forgotten that Wall Street—without sound regula-tions, strong regulation—will find its way off the path and into this type of difficulty. 
We all know people who suffered 
these losses, and we all are committed that they won’t suffer them again. But that commitment requires us to follow through on the Dodd-Frank act, the Wall Street reform act. 
In that legislation, I worked very 
closely with Senator W
ARREN to create 
the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. It is just one of the examples of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.079 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8287 December 2, 2015 
the efforts in that bill that actually 
protected our constituents, not theo-retically but practically. They have been protected from tricky people who were giving them mortgages they couldn’t afford, engaging in illegal servicing and foreclosure practices in the mortgage industry, steering con-sumers into excessive loans they couldn’t afford—and the person doing the steering knew they couldn’t afford them—but those tricky people took the money and literally ran, and we have tried to stop them. 
Because of the efforts of the Con-
sumer Financial Protection Bureau, $11.2 billion in relief has been given to families throughout this country; $11 billion has been given to individuals and families all across this country. This is an example not of theoretical legalistic procedures but of practical help for people. That is the direct re-sult of Dodd-Frank, and some of the proposals that we are hearing about would undo that. 
In the process of creating the Con-
sumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am particularly proud of working with colleagues to create the Office of Serv-icemember Affairs within the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau to serve as a watchdog for our military personnel. Under the leadership of Holly Petraeus, it has done a remark-able job. More than $90 million has been returned to servicemembers and their families from unscrupulous com-panies that preyed upon our military families deliberately—understanding the vulnerability of families that are in transit because of deployments and other things. Another example, the Military Lending Act, which has capped annual interest rates for mili-tary personnel, has been enforced through the efforts of the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau. 
This has not only helped these fami-
lies, but it has helped this Nation. It has helped our military readiness. I can tell you that basically a long time ago, I had the privilege of commanding sol-diers, paratroopers in the 82nd, and it is hard to be a good soldier when you worry about whether your family is going to be able to make it through the week or the month to get your next paycheck. This is real help, and it is the result of Dodd-Frank. No, many things are the result of Dodd-Frank. 
So why do we want to roll back these 
reforms? You ask people, and they will say: Well, it is burdensome, and they are hurting these financial institu-tions; you know, it is just so hard to operate a financial institution today. 
Then you take a look at the stock 
performance of these institutions, the American global systemically impor-tant banks and even our regional banks. These institutions have seen their stock prices increase from July 2010 at least by 31 percent and in some cases as high as 114 percent. That is the market saying to these institutions and to all of us that they are in good shape. They are in great shape. They are not being burdened by financial 
regulations. They are not being over-whelmed. They are profit centers. They are doing great. Name other companies that have increased their value so much. One reason is because everyone is confident there is a stable, sound, rigorous regulatory structure that is ensuring that banks will not go off the cliff as they did in 2007 and 2008 when their stock prices collapsed. 
So if you look at that, if you look at 
the markets, they are not complaining about Dodd-Frank. The markets are looking to say: That is where the money should go. That is what you should invest in. 
So if you look at that growth and 
then draw a contrast between what has happened to average American fami-lies—they haven’t seen that kind of wage growth. I don’t know many work-ing families who have seen a 31 percent increase in their income or a 114 per-cent increase in their income, but we have to do better with respect to our working families. 
One thing we have to do is make sure 
that we keep in place protections that were built into the Dodd-Frank act. 
There are always ways you can im-
prove legislation, and there are a myr-iad of technical corrections that could be done, but to disguise some of these proposals as technical corrections is not appropriate. 
I think also, frankly, if we are going 
to be sensible, sound, and thoughtful about technical corrections, let’s go ahead and do it the way it should be done, the way Dodd-Frank was done. I was on the banking committee. We had hearings. We had a markup. We had, in fact, several markups until we got it right. Then we brought it to the floor, we had a vigorous debate, and we amended the bill. Then we took that bill to conference, then we had it changed in conference, and then we sent it to the President for his signa-ture. 
So if we are going to do corrections 
to improve the Dodd-Frank bill, let’s do it the way we did it originally, not finding a convenient vehicle—a high-way bill, an appropriations bill, any other bill—and sticking them in as sort of ‘‘take it or leave it’’—you have to do this or you lose highway funding or you lose funding for our schools, for education, for national defense. 
I would hope that we can move for-
ward in regular order and make correc-tions where necessary, but certainly let’s not use these waning days of this session to undermine the Dodd-Frank Act with some of the proposals I have heard. 
With that, I yield back to my col-
league, the Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I thank my colleague 
from Rhode Island for his comments and insights. 
Now we are going to turn to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. We will be delighted to hear her thoughts on this challenge of taking serious issues re-lated to the Wall Street casino, a sys-tem that brought down the prospects 
for so many American families, and how there is the consideration of re-storing the Wall Street casino in the dark of night by policy riders being at-tached to other bills. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to join Senator M
ERKLEY , Sen-
ator N ELSON , and Senator R EEDon the 
floor today. I thank Senator M ERKLEY  
for pulling us together. 
We are here to say no—no to the in-
dustry lobbyists, no to their friends in Congress who are threatening a govern-ment shutdown if we won’t roll back rules that protect consumers and pro-tect the safety of our financial system. 
It is a pretty neat trick. The lobby-
ists probably know they can’t get a rollback of financial regulations passed out in the open where the American people can actually see what is hap-pening and see which Senators and which Representatives voted to gut the rules that protect working families. So instead they tack rollbacks onto must- pass legislation, such as the upcoming government funding bill, to give their friends in Congress a lot of cover for voting yes. 
It is cynical. It is cynical and it is 
corrupt, but it usually works. Just last year, Citigroup lobbyists wrote a provi-sion to blast a hole in Dodd-Frank. The part of the law that was blown up was called—and I am quoting the title— ‘‘Prohibition Against Federal Govern-ment Bailouts of Swaps Entities.’’ The idea behind the rule was pretty simple. If a big bank wanted to engage in cer-tain kinds of risky deals, such as the credit default swaps that had been at the heart of the 2008 crisis, they had to bear all of that risk themselves instead of passing it along to taxpayers. 
Now the big banks wanted that rule 
repealed, and the only way to do it was to put it on a bill that had to pass or the government would shut down, and that is exactly what they did. 
For 1 year, Congressman E
LIJAH CUM-
MINGS and I worked to document the 
impact of that Citigroup amendment, and we finally got what we needed. The FDIC estimates that the provision written by Citigroup lobbyists last year that allows a few big banks to put taxpayers on the hook for risky swaps has an estimated value of almost $10 trillion. And who is gobbling up that $10 trillion of risk? It is three huge banks: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Bank of America. It is three banks, nearly $10 billion, and $10 trillion is a lot of risky business. These banks will happily suck down the profits when their high-stakes bets work out, and they will just as happily turn to the taxpayers to bail them out if there is a problem. All of this is because the lob-byists persuaded Congress to do just one little favor in a must-pass bill. 
Now, a year after the Citigroup 
amendment, there are rumors of new giveaways in the upcoming funding bill: rollbacks that would make it harder for the government to stop the next AIG from taking down the entire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.080 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8288 December 2, 2015 
economy, rollbacks that would exempt 
many of the 40 largest banks in the country from tougher oversight, rollbacks that would undermine the consumer agency’s rules to clean up mortgage- and auto-lending markets, rollbacks that would stop the agency from protecting consumers rights if they are cheated on credit cards or checking accounts, rollbacks that would allow financial advisers to con-tinue lining their own pockets while robbing retirees of billions of dollars. 
Why are these rollbacks at the top of 
Congress’s agenda? Are constituents flooding the phone lines begging their Senators to weaken the rules for finan-cial institutions? Are they writing in by the thousands insisting that their Senators make it easier for people to get cheated? 
Of course not—survey after survey 
has shown that hardworking Ameri-cans want stronger regulation of Wall Street and more accountability for CEOs who break the law. 
But like so many things around here, 
this process isn’t about doing what hard-working Americans want. It is about pleasing the rich and powerful who are lined up for special favors. 
I know some of my Democratic col-
leagues are frustrated by all of the gridlock in Washington. They say: Wall Street accountability is important, but I just want to get something done around here for a change; so let’s go along with the Republicans and the special interests. Well, yes, I want to get something done too. Who doesn’t? But I didn’t come here to carry water for Wall Street and a bunch of special interests. 
If Republicans think it is time to 
talk about financial reform, then let’s put it on the table. If the industry wants to push rollbacks, then I want to make it easier to send bankers to jail when they launder money or cheat con-sumers. If the industry wants to chip away at financial oversight, then I want to have a serious conversation on the record about breaking up the big-gest banks. If they are too scared to have that conversation out in the open, then Senators shouldn’t be handing out special favors behind closed doors. 
The upcoming debate about a govern-
ment funding bill is going to boil down to one question: Whose side are you on? Are you on the side of working families who got punched in the gut and want stronger rules for Wall Street or are you on the side of the giant financial institutions that broke the economy, got bailed out, and are once again try-ing to call the shots on Capitol Hill? Well, me, I am with the families, and I am ready to say no to the bank CEOs, no to the industry lobbyists, and no to all of their buddies here in Congress. 
Mr. President, I yield the remainder 
of my time to Senator M
ERKLEY . 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate the remarks of the senior Sen-ator from Massachusetts, who has brought so much personal research in the course of her career and passion and insight to this battle and who put 
forward the idea of the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau to provide oversight of these predatory practices and who has been such a watchdog about these practices. 
I would just ask her before she leaves 
the floor, why is it that this discussion is happening right now, in terms of pol-icy riders on must-pass spending bills, rather than happening in the light of day with a committee hearing—a bank-
ing committee hearing—where this can be fully discussed and debated? 
Ms. WARREN. Well, the Senator 
raises the right question, but I think it is pretty obvious. If these proposals were debated out in public, where ev-eryone in America could see and hear them, they wouldn’t pass. People don’t want to line up to vote for fewer re-strictions on Wall Street. They do not want to line up to vote for more oppor-tunities to cheat American families. So, instead, the idea is just tack it on something else that is going to move through. Then the question is, Will people vote to keep the government open? And that gives a lot of people in Congress who want to help the big fi-nancial institutions a lot of cover, and that is fundamentally wrong. 
Mr. MERKLEY. One of the things we 
have a lot of concern about is making sure that predatory mortgages don’t return. They were a key product in helping drive the collapse in 2007–2008. We are concerned those could return if the ability of the CFPB to regulate them is diminished by changing the government structure of the CFPB or shutting down the funds that enable it to operate. Would that be a good idea or a bad idea? 
Ms. WARREN. You know, the CFPB 
works. It works to help protect Amer-ica’s families. It works to help level the playing field. Already that agency has been up and operational for just a little over 4 years, and it has forced the biggest financial institutions in this country to return more than $11 billion directly to families they cheated. It has handled more than 750,000 com-plaints against big financial institu-tions, against payday lenders, and against college loan services that are cheating people and that are tricking people. 
So what is the response? Well, it is 
helping the American people, but it is costing a handful of the biggest finan-cial institutions in this country real money, and they are trying to find a way to make sure the consumer agency doesn’t do its job. They want to find a way to weaken that agency, to tie that agency down, and to keep that agency from leveling the playing field for American families. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I know my colleague 
and I have talked about this—the num-ber increases. I will say something like the CFPB has returned $3 billion, and my colleague will say: Oh, Senator, it is now $5 billion. And when I say it is $5 billion, my colleague will remind me it is now $8 billion. And here we are at $12 billion? Ms. WARREN. I think it is $11 bil-
lion. 
Mr. MERKLEY. So $11 billion in re-
turns. I believe that number includes real cash returned to individuals but does not include the vast savings that have come from families who were never cheated in the first place. 
Ms. WARREN. I think one of the 
most important parts of this is the consumer agency said—when credit card companies, for example, got caught cheating people, it said to those credit card companies: Look, you have people’s addresses to be able to cheat them. Now you have people’s addresses to send them checks to pay them back. 
It is as the Senator said. It was like 
a warning shot to everyone else out there cheating consumers. It said that this agency is on the level. This agency is tough. So I think there are millions of Americans who don’t get cheated, who don’t get tricked in one scam or another because we have a real watch-dog out there—someone who is on the side of the American family. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I thank my colleague 
so much for presenting this idea before she came to the U.S. Senate and for helping—well, stepping in to be the ini-tial Director, getting it up and run-ning, and now being here to make sure we defend its ability to provide fairer financial products for America’s fami-lies—products that enable families to build their wealth rather than having wealth-stripping scams hurt and de-stroy the finances of American fami-lies. 
Ms. WARREN. I only want to add 
that I am grateful for all the work my colleague has done on behalf of Amer-ican consumers and all the work he did to get the consumer agency through Congress and now to protect it when the big banks were coming after it. 
So I thank my colleague Senator 
M
ERKLEY for all he did. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I thank the Senator 
very much. 
Mr. President, as we have heard from 
this colloquy—and I appreciate that B
ILLNELSON was here earlier, the Sen-
ator from Florida, to discuss his in-sights on these dark-of-night policy riders designed to restore the Wall Street casino and cheat American fam-ilies. I appreciate the comments he brought to this and that J
ACK REED, 
the senior Senator from Rhode Island, has brought forward and E
LIZABETH  
WARREN , the senior Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, each of whom made impor-tant points. So I will be brief because they have laid out most of the issues I will try to echo. 
The key point is the debate over 
changing the rules for these powerful financial institutions should be de-bated in the open, in front of the TV cameras, in front of the American peo-ple, not in secret negotiation rooms and not in the dark of night, which is happening at this very moment, be-cause a lot is at stake. 
We found from before that when reg-
ulations were stripped away and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.082 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8289 December 2, 2015 
Wall Street casino went wild, we ended 
up with a crash that destroyed the fi-nances of millions of families, many of whom will never recover. They lost their homes, their dreams of homeown-ership. That has been shattered, and they are not going to get it back. They lost their job and have been derailed and will never get back on track. They lost their retirement savings, and they will never be able to rebuild them. In fact, that golden vision of retirement may be something they feel they will never be able to be a part of—that chapter of their life will never come. 
So a tremendous amount is at stake, 
and these dark-of-night negotiations to repeal, to undermine, to delay the shutdown of the Wall Street casinos are just wrong. Let us have the debate in the committee where it belongs. This is critical for working families ev-erywhere in the country and certainly in my home State. 
Let me mention one of the riders, 
which is to take and allow the Volcker rule to be voided for some of the finan-cial institutions. What is the Volcker rule? The Volcker rule shut down the Wall Street casino. It said banks can-not bet with taxpayer-insured deposits. If a group wants to make big bets on the future of interest rates or mone-tary exchanges or the quality of mort-gages and so forth, they must do so with private wealth funds, where the only persons at stake are those who have invested in the fund. Don’t do it with taxpayer-insured banks. That is one example. 
A second example is that we need to 
keep the quality mortgages we have now so they do not return to being a predatory instrument. We had a legal-ized kickback scheme, and that struc-ture meant mortgage originators were paid for steering families from a prime mortgage that would build their wealth into a subprime mortgage with an ex-ploding interest rate which would de-stroy their wealth. We ended those kickbacks. Let us not let that happen again. 
Let us not undermine the role of the 
Financial Stability Oversight Council. When we had this dramatic massive in-crease in subprime loans, starting in 2003 and going through 2007, nobody was watching. We need to have some-one say: Look at that surge in subprimes. And because of that surge, what is going on? Is this creating a bubble? Is this a big bet that is going to go bust? Is this going to destroy families? 
We actually had an agency that was 
responsible for controlling these preda-tory practices. It was the Federal Re-serve, but the Federal Reserve, full of sophisticated economists, said: Well, we want to talk monetary policy. That is what we do up in the penthouse of the Federal Reserve building. So they put consumer protection down in the basement and they locked the door and threw away the key and said: You know, we have that responsibility, but we just aren’t going to do anything about it, and they let predatory 
schemes run wild and destroy millions of American families. 
Now we have an organization—the 
Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau—that is the watchdog making sure the disclosures and the structures are fair and square for American fami-lies so we can build the success of those families. You cannot be for the success of American families and be for these secret, dark-of-night measures de-signed to destroy the effort to rein in this Wall Street casino. 
I hope we will see a return to regular 
order, the type of regular order my col-league from Rhode Island talked about, the type of light-of-day committee dis-cussions my colleague from Massachu-setts talked about because this is so important to our future and the suc-cess of American families. Let’s make sure we work together to build the wealth and success through fair finan-cial practices, not special favors done for very powerful institutions that are designed to exploit and operate as pred-atory measures to strip the wealth of American families. 
I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The Senator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak in support of repealing ObamaCare and replacing it with a step-by-step approach that restores choice and competition to consumers. The problems with ObamaCare are le-gion and have often been reported in the media and identified on the floor of the Senate. 
I know we have all heard from our 
constituents. Hundreds of thousands have written and called all of our of-fices and, as a matter of fact, I will read one of the letters that came into my office—or at least part of it. It is addressed to me and starts out saying: 
I’m sure I’m not the first one to contact 
you about rising health insurance deductibles. I have had this job for 3 years. The first 2 years my company plan had a $3,000 yearly deductible with no copay. 
So he had a $3,000 yearly deductible 
with no copay. He continues: 
Last year, it went to $4,000 with a 20 per-
cent copay. 
Again, it goes from $3,000 to $4,000 in 
annual deductible and it goes from no copay to a 20-percent copay. 
This coming year, 2016, it will go to $6,700 
with a 20-percent copay. 
So in just 3 years it goes from a $3,000 
yearly deductible with no copay to $6,700—more than double—with a 20- percent copay. 
He goes on: 
Even before my current job, I had a Blue 
Cross North Dakota policy that had a $2,000 deductible and a very fair monthly premium. I have always had good health insurance. Now I have an essentially worthless policy. 
I had bone cancer in my pelvis 1
1⁄2years 
ago. Had to go to Mayo and have my left pel-vis removed. I have spent the last 18 months learning to walk again. Doctors weren’t able to reconstruct it. 
I will have twice yearly follow up cancer 
screenings for the next several years. These follow ups cost about $3500.00 each. So I 
spend $7000.00 a year, which is all of my de-ductible. 
He goes on: 
What are you doing to make changes to 
this health care act? 
He clearly identified what consumers 
across the country are experiencing. This is just one example. I have many more, as do all of the Members of this body. 
As bad as ObamaCare is for them, it 
is going to get worse. In 2016, con-sumers will see significantly higher premiums yet again. Premiums for the lowest cost silver plan will increase by 13 percent, and the lowest cost bronze plan will rise by 16 percent on average. 
That is not all. The inaptly named 
Affordable Care Act has led to higher out-of-pocket costs for older, middle, and lower income Americans as well. Today, the average deductible is more than $2,000 and for some it exceeds $6,000, discouraging people from seek-ing necessary care. 
The law is also resulting in fewer 
choices. Employers are already reduc-ing benefits for many family members. By 2018, more than half of employers plan to significantly reduce benefits for employees’ children and spouses. 
While many are seeing higher pre-
miums and deductibles with fewer choices, ObamaCare has created dozens of new taxes that ultimately are passed down to small businesses and con-sumers. The Congressional Budget Of-fice has estimated that ObamaCare will increase taxes by $1.2 trillion over the next decade. 
The result is fewer jobs. Simply put, 
employers are already cutting jobs or reducing hours to part time to avoid the higher costs of ObamaCare. 
I do believe there is a consensus 
across the Nation that we need health care reform, but ObamaCare is not the answer. Americans want commonsense reforms—reforms that truly are afford-able and that truly do empower pa-tients to make their own choices. In the short run, we need to pass budget reconciliation legislation that repeals ObamaCare, and, in particular, the in-dividual and employer mandates. In the long run, we need to take a step- by-step approach to put individuals, families, and businesses on a path to better reforms. The right approach to health care reform empowers people to make their own choices in selecting health care providers and insurers that is patient centered and respects the re-lationship between doctor and patient. The way to accomplish that is with a market-based plan that creates more competition and reduces health care costs. 
Here is what we could do: To foster 
competition and reduce health care costs, we can do things like expand tax-free health savings accounts, flexi-ble savings accounts, and Archer med-ical savings accounts to encourage in-dividuals to save for future health care needs. Combined with high-deductible, low-premium policies, people will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.084 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8290 December 2, 2015 
able to meet their immediate health 
care needs and still be protected in the event of costly, serious illness. 
We should provide portable health 
care plans so that individuals and fami-lies don’t experience gaps in coverage when they change jobs. These plans could be given favorable tax treatment. For example, they could be treated as tax-preferred accounts so that dollars towards premiums could receive tax- exempt treatment. We should allow health care policies to be sold across State lines. This would result in more choices, more competition, and reduced costs for customers. We should give States more flexibility to manage Med-icaid for low-income individuals and families. We should ensure affordable health care options are available to those in need and certainly those pa-tients with preexisting conditions. That means bolstering State high-risk pools to make sure everyone has an op-portunity to be covered. 
ObamaCare is far from being the pan-
acea it was promoted to be. The sticker shock hasn’t faded. On the budget rec-onciliation we now have a real oppor-tunity to turn the page on a failed ex-periment so that we can take steps to-ward replacing it with something the American people want. 
I urge my colleagues to get behind 
the effort so we can start that process. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
GMO LABELING  
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I want 
to talk a little bit today about food, transparency, and consumers’ rights to know what is in their food. 
As many folks in this body know, in 
my real life I am a farmer. I get to see exactly where my food comes from. Last month, I spent some time butch-ering and processing beef, knowing ex-actly where that came from. I like that. But not all Americans have the ability to know where their food comes from. 
A few months ago, in July, the House 
passed a bill called the Safe and Accu-rate Food Labeling Act. It couldn’t be anything more different from that, by the way. It basically denies Americans the right to know what is in their food by prohibiting the Federal Govern-ment, States, and municipalities from imposing any labeling standards that deal with genetically modified food. 
I come from a State where trans-
parency is very important. It makes our government work better. For the Federal Government in this case to un-dermine States and municipalities and not allow the consumer to know what is in their food—it is exactly the wrong step to take. 
So why am I bringing this subject up 
today? I am bringing it up today be-cause, quite frankly, there is some talk about air dropping an amendment that would allow the DARK Act to go into effect. It is not a bill we have debated on the floor to my knowledge. I don’t know that it has even been heard in committee. But the bottom line is that 
this is bad policy. 
The arguments would be that it is 
confusing; it is going to be expensive. That is bunk. Consumers are smart. They pay attention to what they eat. If you give them the ability to choose and the ability to know what is in their food, they will make the deci-sion—which is their decision to make— on what they are going to feed their family and what mothers are going to feed their children. 
It goes against everything this coun-
try stands for about letting people know we do have a great food system in this country. So let’s be proud of it. Let’s label it. Let’s talk about what is in it. Let’s let consumers have the choice. Consumers are smart, and they will absolutely make a choice that is best for their family. 
Food is very important. Food, in my 
opinion, is medicine. If you know what you are eating, you will have a healthier family. If you pay attention to these kinds of things, your health care costs will go down. 
The truth is that other countries re-
quire GMO labeling—countries like Russia, China, Saudi Arabia—not ex-actly countries that we would think would be very helpful to their con-sumers or transparent. But they think it is important to label it. We ought to here in this country too. 
Big Money is coming in here saying: 
We don’t want the consumers to know if they have GMO products in food; we want consumers to be ignorant. That is not something this body should do. Let’s give consumers the information they deserve. Let’s allow this labeling to move forward, as Vermont has al-ready done. Other States like Maine and Connecticut also are taking steps in that direction. 
The bottom line is, to put in an 
amendment that stops States or mu-nicipalities from requiring labeling is a step in the wrong direction. It is not fair to consumers, and, quite frankly, it is not fair to the folks who produce food in this country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want 
to talk a little about the legislation be-fore us to repeal and replace 
ObamaCare, otherwise known as the Affordable Care Act. 
When I travel around my home State 
of Ohio, I hear about a couple things a lot. One is the tough job market and flat wages, which makes it difficult to get ahead. The other is—and it is re-lated—escalated health care costs. Peo-ple are seeing in their lives that it is tough to find that job, and if they do have a job, they are finding their wages aren’t going up as they would normally expect. Unfortunately, when we look nationally this is true. Wages on aver-age are not just flat; they are slightly down. In other words, they have de-clined, which is not typical. On the other hand, expenses are up, and the biggest expense: health care. So the middle-class squeeze is very 
real. It is affecting the people I rep-resent as they see, again, unusually low wages, not the growth that we nor-mally expect on the one hand, and on the other hand higher expenses, with health care taking the lead in those ex-penses. 
Today in the Senate and tomorrow, 
as we debate this and vote on it, we have a chance to move the ball forward and show people that at least a major-ity in the Congress agree we ought to address this issue—the health care issue, of course—and try to stop the in-credibly fast increase in premiums, deductibles, copays. Families, small businesses are getting hit hard. Also, we can help give the economy a shot in the arm by coming up with smarter ways to deal with health care. 
This vote will show there are some in 
Congress who are listening and have some answers. Our job is to do what is right, and that is to pass this legisla-tion to repeal and replace ObamaCare, to give us a chance to get rid of some of the most detrimental aspects of it that are eliminating jobs, that are pushing health care costs higher and higher. 
The legislation—the Affordable Care 
Act—was sold as actually reducing costs. It was sold under false pretenses. 
Specifically, the President said it 
would bring down premiums. He talked about it going down $2,500 on average per family. No; in fact, premiums are going up. 
We were told Americans would be 
able to keep their insurance. Of course, millions have lost their health care in-surance. 
We were told that if you have a doc-
tor whom you like, you can keep your doctor. Of course, a lot of people are now being told that under their new plan, they can’t keep the doctor they have had. 
We were told the Affordable Care Act 
could keep our economy strong, that it would grow jobs, create jobs. Instead, again, it has made things worse. If we look at the economy and what has hap-pened, a lot of the issue is that people have given up looking for work. The so- called labor force participation rate is the lowest it has been since the 1970s— over 30 years. Some of that, again, is because we have this weak economy. Some of that is because a lot of the jobs that are available are part-time jobs, and the Affordable Care Act en-courages part-time work, as we will talk about in a second. 
So the results are in. We have seen it. 
We have seen that ObamaCare, with its mandates and centralized control, its top-down approach, has made it more difficult to get a job and has increased health care costs for families and small businesses—not the right way to pro-vide quality health care for the people I represent in Ohio. 
I hear stories every day. Sometimes 
they come in through our Web site, sometimes people call, sometimes I just run into people, and they tell me 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.085 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8291 December 2, 2015 
their stories. I got one this morning. 
We have our weekly Buckeye coffee, where we bring in people who are here in Washington from around Ohio to talk to us about their issues. I ran into a small business owner, very typical— a manufacturer in this case. He said: R
OB, my margins are between 2 and 3 
percent. In other words, that is what my profit is, and yet I am seeing my health care costs go up by double digits every year. It just doesn’t work. I can’t make ends meet. I am having to pass 
this along, either to my employees with higher premiums, higher deductibles, higher copays, or to try to pass them on to my customers. But I am in a very competitive market and I can’t really do that. That could mean having to lay some people off, downsize the business. 
Take another small business owner 
who wrote to me recently who said this is going to hurt his business. He said he is going to have to tell his 35 employ-ees their insurance will be canceled and that the cheapest replacement policies would include a 35-percent in-crease in premiums as well as a 33-per-cent increase in deductibles. This is an-other small business in Ohio. 
Take the father of five who saw the 
cost of his family’s insurance double under the Affordable Care Act or the man who saw his $100 deductible go to $4,000. Does that sound familiar? There are probably some people listening to-night who had that same experience where their deductible goes up so high, it is almost like you don’t have insur-ance. This guy said he saw his deduct-ible soar to $4,000 while his premiums went up to $1,000 a month. 
Batavia is in Clermont County, OH, 
right near my home. Recently, a woman from Batavia wrote to me and said: 
I am a single mother. I pay for my own 
health insurance. I am active and fit. I have cycled over 4000 miles this year. I am seldom sick. In the three years that I’ve paid for my own insurance, I went to the doctor once for illness. My rate was $146 [a] month. In Sep-tember, I received a letter from Anthem say-ing my plan does not meet the requirements of the Affordable Care Act and will be dis-continued. I was offered the same coverage for $350 per month. 
This is a real problem for this single 
mom, but it is for families all over Ohio. I am concerned about the impact on those families, concerned about the impact on our small businesses. I am also concerned about the indirect im-pact on employees who work for those small businesses. 
We talked earlier about the fact that 
there is more and more part-time work and that jobs are hard to come by in Ohio. More and more small businesses in Ohio are becoming what they call 49ers or 29ers. Forty-niner refers to the fact that employers sometimes feel they have no choice but to freeze their growth, and they are hiring at 49 em-ployees rather than 50 employees be-cause when you hit 50, you come up with new requirements and mandates under ObamaCare. Others have tried to reduce the hours 
their employees work. If you work less than 30 hours a week, you are not cov-ered by the mandates under ObamaCare. So some employers have reduced hours from 40 hours to 29 hours. Those are the 29ers. That is one reason full-time work is harder to come by. 
It is no surprise to me that the 
underemployment figure—those work-ing part time but wanting to return to work full time—has been on the rise. When you see the jobs numbers coming out every month, look at the number of people who are part time rather than full time. It is concerning. Some of this has to be driven by what is happening with the Affordable Care Act. I am cer-tainly hearing about it. I am certainly hearing about it from people on the ground, real-world situations. It is sad. 
This morning I talked to Todd, the 
president of a small manufacturing company, and he talked about a dou-ble-digit increase in his health care ex-penses. Mike from Westlake wrote to me and said: 
I own a small business. Our health insur-
ance rates for single employees under 30 went from $198 per month last year to $560 per month this year. That’s a 260% increase thanks to ObamaCare! This bill is going to put small businesses out of business. 
This one is from Tim in Canton. He 
said: 
The ACA fees being charged to us are $3,250 
per year for 11 covered employees, which will be passed on to them. We are paying for the insurance premium increase of $15,186 by re-ducing our year-end bonus program. We also are offering an even higher deductible plan than we have now. (I will take the higher plan to lower the overall cost to soften the blow for my staff). 
This is an interesting one because it 
is what I hear around Ohio. They are discontinuing their bonus program be-cause of this. Other companies say we are discontinuing a research project. Others say we are discontinuing our match on our 401(k). Others say we are just plain cutting back; in other words, not hiring as many people as they would have. 
It is happening out there. I know 
some economists have debates on this issue, but I hope they are talking to people in the real world who are being affected by this Affordable Care Act, the top-down approach, the mandates, and the inflexibility. 
Not only are these small businesses 
affected by these new mandates, but a lot of them are now subject to one of the new taxes included in the Afford-able Care Act. I think there are 21 new taxes in the Affordable Care Act. One of them is a tax on medical devices. This is an industry that is very impor-tant to Ohio and to our country. We have had a competitive edge in medical devices. We have a lot of great innovators in this country, including my home State of Ohio. We have been able to not only create some great op-portunities in this country but we are exporting medical devices around the world. It is hard to overstate the im-pact the industry has on our State of 
Ohio and the ripple effect through our communities. 
Over the past decade, we have added 
about 370 new bioscience and medical device companies in Ohio alone. It has been a growth area. These companies have brought high-paying jobs. I am told that for every one job, they create another 2.3 additional jobs. I visited a lot of these companies around the State of Ohio. I have been to companies in Cleveland, Cincinnati, and Colum-bus. Recently, I visited Zimmer Sur-gical, which is a company that employs about 300 workers in Dover, OH. They expressed the same concern I have heard at all these other companies I talk about, which is that this new tax under the Affordable Care Act makes it hard for them to be able to compete. 
It is a very interesting tax. Normally 
you would have a tax on profits. If a company makes money, it pays taxes on those earnings and those profits. This is a tax on revenue, whether there is profit or not. It is an excise tax. Since this tax has taken effect, the companies I am talking about have seen a decrease in their operating mar-gins. They are resulting in fewer jobs, they tell me, and less investment in the United States. Again, a lot of them say they are cutting back on research because they cannot afford to do the research they used to do because of the excise tax on their revenue—again, not on their profits, the money they are making, but just their revenue. That means their seed corn, as they call it, is being cut back. 
I talked about the great innovation 
and the fact that this has been a cut-ting-edge industry for us in Ohio and around the country. The seed corn is research. That is what makes America a cutting-edge country in terms of these great medical device companies. A bunch of them are cutting back on research and that concerns me. Some have gone overseas. Some have moved their research overseas, even though they stayed headquartered in the United States. 
If this tax continues, some have told 
me that they will be forced to close down manufacturing facilities. At a time when we need, more than ever, more made-in-America products in in-novation, the medical technology in-dustry is one where we are a leader on the world stage, and we should not be coming up with this kind of burden-some tax. That is why I am so glad that on this legislation that we will vote on tomorrow or the next day, that we will have the opportunity to repeal the medical device tax. By the way, there is a bipartisan consensus around that, I think. I know a lot of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have talked about the need for us to do that as well. 
If we do not do that, we are going to 
find out we have lost ground. Again, this goes to our economy. One thing that concerned me was that the found-er of Zimmer Surgical in Dover, OH, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.087 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8292 December 2, 2015 
told me that had this tax been in place 
when he started his company, he doesn’t think he ever would have made it off the ground. I talked earlier about the number of new startups. This is going to keep some of those startups from taking root in the first place and creating those jobs and opportunities. 
Repealing a job-killing medical de-
vice tax, therefore, is a great step for-ward to promote policies to get Ameri-cans back to work. Even though we need to repeal these top-down man-dates we talked about and get rid of some of these taxes that are so onerous on workers and hurt our economy, I don’t think we should go back to the pre-Affordable Care Act status quo. I 
don’t think it is enough to say we should repeal this bad law. I think we also should say: Let’s come up with a better way to deal with health care costs. Health care costs are going to be a big problem unless we deal with them in a much more sensible way than the Affordable Care Act does. I think real reform is needed. It must be patient- centered. In other words, it must be about the patient giving them the in-centive to be able to save costs by fo-cusing on prevention and wellness, fo-cused on their families, focused on what they need for themselves and family rather than these mandates that say you can’t have this insurance policy you had for years, as this young woman in Clermont County told me who has seen her premiums go up so dramatically. She had a policy she was very happy with. Let people have the policies they want for themselves and their families. 
Let’s have less government and bu-
reaucracy and more focus on patients. Let’s be sure it is responsible in terms of keeping the tax burden down and does not kill jobs as the medical device tax does. ObamaCare should be re-pealed. It should be repealed and re-placed with a system that actually works. The failures to ObamaCare ac-tually point the way as to how we can do that. As I said, patient-centered, costs should be the focus. There are steps we can take—and take them today—to remove some of the shackles of government regulations from the market and help make health insur-ance and health care less expensive. We should start by allowing health care to be sold across State lines. Let’s be sure we can compete, and the people who live in Cincinnati, OH, can get health care across the river in Kentucky or across the border in Indiana. It makes no sense. Some people live in Indiana and work in Ohio and vice versa or work in Kentucky and live in Ohio and they only get health care in the place where they live. 
We should be able to look for our 
health care in New York or California. Whatever works best for our family. Make these companies compete for our business. We should take commonsense steps to rein in the staggering costs of frivolous lawsuits. This could save bil-lions and billions of dollars in our health care system. There is a CBO es-
timate of the cost to the Federal Gov-ernment that could be saved alone. It is tens of billions of dollars, but the medical profession will tell you it is more like hundreds of billions of dol-lars as it applies to all of us. That will help to make health care more afford-able. 
We should cover more Americans by 
creating a healthy, vibrant individual health care market, giving people a tax incentive to purchase health care in-surance comparable by the incentives they receive at their employer-pro-vided plan. Why shouldn’t they have that same opportunity in the indi-vidual market that is part of the way you cover more people? 
The sad truth about ObamaCare is 
that the coverage numbers are very disappointing, even to those who strongly supported the bill. Why? Be-cause what has happened is that some people have gotten coverage, but oth-ers have lost coverage. The estimates by the Congressional Budget Office are that still 10 years after this legislation is in place there will be something like 30 million Americans without coverage. 
We can do it and do it in a more cost- 
effective way and be sure people do have the opportunity to have access to quality health care. The bill we have before us this week will take that first step at removing the shackles of gov-ernment regulation and put the coun-try on the path forward to real health care reform. Not only does the legisla-tion remove the mandates ObamaCare placed on individuals and businesses to purchase insurance, but it also rolls back some of the new programs, while giving the new President, the next President, and the new Congress, the next Congress, the time to be able to enact alternative reforms that will en-sure all families have access to quality, affordable health care. It has to be a top priority to actually come up with not just repealing what is there but re-placing it with something that makes more sense for families in Ohio and around the country. 
I look forward to this vote and this 
debate because it gives us an oppor-tunity to send to the President sensible legislation that gets rid of so many of the detrimental impacts of ObamaCare and sets us down the path of debating about what that future ought to be. 
Some Democrats have said: Why are 
you doing this—because the President said he will veto it. I would ask them to look at what the majority of the American people are saying, which is that they do not believe the Affordable Care Act is the right way to go. I guess I would look at the fact that the ma-jority in the Senate may feel that way as well. We should represent those folks back home. Because the Presi-dent doesn’t support it doesn’t mean we shouldn’t act and do what is right. Every President who served in this great country has had the opportunity to veto legislation coming from Con-gress. It doesn’t mean Congress shouldn’t send them legislation. I hope 
the President will not veto it. He prob-ably will. It doesn’t mean the Senate shouldn’t act. I am glad we are acting. 
I stand ready to work with my col-
leagues going forward on both sides of the aisle to enact real reforms that do provide the people I represent and peo-ple all around this great country the access to the quality care they deserve. 
Mr. President, I yield my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, for those 
who are keeping score, this is the 17th time that the Senate will be asked by the Republicans to vote to end ObamaCare, and they have added to this to defund Planned Parenthood. As one individual said the other day, here is a breakthrough press release: Presi-dent Barack Obama is not going to end ObamaCare. That seems pretty obvi-ous. So this is a political exercise. It doesn’t solve the problems of America. It doesn’t even address the problems of America. 
The Affordable Care Act finds health 
insurance for 17 million Americans. We have reduced the number of uninsured Americans by 45 percent with this bill. The Republicans have opposed it from the start, never providing a single vote in support, never willing to sit down after it was passed to talk about changes that would make it even stronger or better. They want to end it. It is ObamaCare. It has the President’s name on it—enough said for many of them. They want it to go away. 
The reality is if it goes away, so does 
health insurance protection for mil-lions of Americans. So you would ex-pect that the Grand Old Party, the Re-publican Party, would have an alter-native for us, right? Wrong. They have never come forward with any alter-native that would provide coverage for these millions of Americans and the others who should have health insur-ance coverage as well. It just tells you that they are prepared to go back to the bad old days before ObamaCare and the Affordable Care Act. 
Remember those days? Remember 
when a health insurance company could say to you: Sorry, you happen to have a sick child in your family, and we are not going to give you health in-surance. Preexisting conditions were enough to say no, and if they said yes, it was at a premium that an average family couldn’t even consider. We ended that discrimination against fam-ilies and sick children. We ended it. 
The Republicans today want to go 
back to those good old days when health insurance companies could turn you down in a New York minute and say: There will be no health insurance for you or your kids. They want to go back to those good old days. They are wrong. 
They want to go back to the days 
when a family’s health insurance plan wouldn’t cover the graduate from col-lege until he reached the age of 26. That is what the Affordable Care Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.089 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8293 December 2, 2015 
does. It says that a family can keep 
that youngster—young man or woman—on their health insurance plan for their family while they are looking for a job, serving an internship or have a part-time opportunity. 
I will tell you, as a father who has 
raised three children, I can remember those days after college when those kids didn’t have coverage, and I used to ask them about that. I asked my daughter, Jennifer: Do you have health insurance now? She said: Dad, I don’t need it; I feel just fine. That is not what a father wants to hear. The Re-publicans want to return to those good old days when those young men and women, after just having graduated 
from college, had to buy their own health insurance and couldn’t stay on the family plan. 
What about senior citizens with pre-
scription drugs? The Affordable Care Act, which they want to repeal, helped seniors pay for their prescription drugs. They want to go back to the bad old days when seniors had a gap in cov-erage and had to go to their lifesavings to buy lifesaving prescription drugs. Those are the good old days that the Republicans want to return to. Well, those days weren’t so good, and they certainly shouldn’t return. 
We have seen for the last 5 years the 
slowest rate of increase in health care costs in the last several decades. We have slowed down that rate of growth. We can do better. We should work to-gether to do better on a bipartisan basis. 
But instead, we are faced with a 17th 
vote by Republicans in the Senate to eliminate ObamaCare, to return to the old days of discrimination because of preexisting conditions and to take your kids who have graduated from college off your family health insurance plan. That is what they want to go back to. 
America is not going to let that hap-
pen. Thank goodness this President won’t let that happen. But we are going to waste several days on the floor of the Senate while they go through speeches that have been carefully re-hearsed and delivered 17 different times with the same ultimate result, and nothing is going to happen. Instead, they should join us in a bipartisan ef-fort to make the Affordable Care Act even stronger, fairer, and to help peo-ple have affordability and access to health insurance. 
SHOOTING IN SAN BERNARDINO  
Mr. President, earlier today there 
was a mass shooting in San Bernardino, CA. News reports are say-ing that up to three heavily armed gunmen attacked a social services cen-ter that helps developmentally dis-abled people and their families in the community. 
Preliminary reports say that there 
have been 14 people killed and 14 wounded, although we don’t know the exact number yet. There are videos of wounded people actually lying in the streets. The suspects apparently fled the scene in a black SUV, and a man-hunt is underway. This story is horrific, but it is also 
horribly familiar. There have been over 350 mass shootings in America this year. On average, 297 Americans are shot every single day, 89 fatally. Listen to this grim and sad statistic: There have been over 50 school shootings this year in America. 
Our thoughts and prayers are with 
the victims and first responders in San Bernardino. But they and all the vic-tims across our country deserve more than our thoughts and prayers. They deserve action. It is time for Con-gress—in a level-headed, commonsense moment—to vote on and pass legisla-tion to protect innocent people across America from this horrific gun vio-lence. 
SYRIAN REFUGEES  
Mr. President, I don’t know if it was 
George Washington who said—although I think he is given the credit—when de-scribing this institution of the Senate: It is the saucer that cools the tea. 
I served in the House for 14 years and 
was proud to do it. We were elected every 2 years. It was a more volatile atmosphere because we were con-stantly running for reelection. The Senate is a different institution, with 6-year terms and a little more reflec-tion, I hope, in what we do. I hope that we take the time that is necessary to exercise our constitutional opportunity here and think things over clearly and not react emotionally. 
Well, it was about 2 weeks ago when 
the House of Representatives took ac-tion on the Syrian refugees and passed a measure that would give what they called a pause to receiving Syrian refu-gees in the United States. It was a heated moment. It was after the ter-rible tragedies that occurred in Paris and Beirut, and there were concerns about ISIL and the spread of their ter-rorist ways around the world. It was an emotional moment that really needs some reflection. 
The simple fact of the matter is this. 
Over the last 4 years, during the course of the Syrian war, the United States has received about 2,000 refugees from Syria into our country. It is an elabo-rate, lengthy process. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have an article from last week-end’s New York Times, which outlines all of the steps that need to be taken in order for a Syrian refugee to enter the United States, printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Nov. 20, 2015] 
WHYITTAKES TWOYEARS FOR SYRIAN  
REFUGEES TOENTER THE U.S. 
(By Haeyoun Park and Larry Buchanan) 
Syrians must pass many layers of security 
checks before being admitted to the United States, a process that can take two years or longer. In most cases, the refugees do not enter the United States until the very end. They are also subject to an additional layer of checks beyond those for refugees of other nationalities; after the Paris attacks, the House voted to further tighten screening procedures. Since 2011, the United States has 
admitted fewer than 2,000 Syrian refugees. 
1. Registration with the United Nations. 2. Interview with the United Nations. 3. Refugee status granted by the United 
Nations. 
4. Referral for resettlement in the United 
States. The United Nations decides if the person fits the definition of a refugee and whether to refer the person to a country for resettlement. Only the most vulnerable are referred, accounting for fewer than 1 percent of refugees worldwide. Some people spend years waiting in refugee camps. 
5. Interview with State Department con-
tractors. 
6. First background check. 
7. Higher-level background check for some. 8. Another background check. The refu-
gee’s name is run through law enforcement and intelligence databases for terrorist or criminal history. Some go through a higher- level clearance before they can continue. A third background check was introduced in 2008 for Iraqis but has since been expanded to all refugees ages 14 to 65. 
9. First fingerprint screening; photo taken. 10. Second fingerprint screening. 11. Third fingerprint screening. The refu-
gee’s fingerprints are screened against F.B.I. and Homeland Security databases, which contain watch list information and past im-migration encounters, including if the ref-ugee previously applied for a visa at a United States embassy. Fingerprints are also checked against those collected by the De-fense Department during operations in Iraq. 
12. Case reviewed at United States immi-
gration headquarters. 
13. Some cases referred for additional re-
view. Syrian applicants must undergo these two additional steps. Each is reviewed by a United States Citizenship and Immigration Services refugee specialist. Cases with ‘‘na-tional security indicators’’ are given to the Homeland Security Department’s fraud de-tection unit. 
14. Extensive, in-person interview with 
Homeland Security officer. Most of the interviews with Syrian refugees have been done in Amman, Jordan and in Istanbul. 
15. Homeland Security approval is re-
quired. If the House bill becomes law, the di-rector of the F.B.I., the Homeland Security secretary and the director of national intel-ligence would be required to confirm that the applicant poses no threat. 
16. Screening for contagious diseases. 17. Cultural orientation class. 18. Matched with an American resettle-
ment agency. 
19. Multi-agency security check before 
leaving for the United States. Because of the long amount of time between the initial screening and departure, officials conduct a final check before the refugee leaves for the United States. 
20. Final security check at an American 
airport. 
Sources: State Department; Department of 
Homeland Security; Center for American Progress; U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 
Mr. DURBIN. It starts with registra-
tion with the United Nations, inter-view with the United Nations, refugee status granted by the United Nations, referral for resettlement in the United States, interview with State Depart-ment contractors, the first background check, higher level background checks, another background check, fingerprint screening with a photo taken, the sec-ond fingerprint screening, the third fin-gerprint screening, the case reviewed by U.S. immigration headquarters and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.091 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8294 December 2, 2015 
then in some cases referred for addi-
tional review, extensive in-person interviews with Homeland Security of-ficers, and then—and only then—could Homeland Security approval be re-quired. At that point the potential ref-ugee is screened for contagious dis-eases, goes through a cultural orienta-tion class, matched with an American resettlement agency, goes through a multiagency security check before leaving to enter the United States, and then faces a final security check when they arrive at an American airport. 
I am entering this into the R
ECORD  
because those who are suggesting that we are taking Syrian refugees without appropriate screening are not aware of the reality. It is a process that takes 18 to 24 months, and in the 4 years we have accepted about 2,000 Syrian refu-gees, not a single one has been found to be involved in a terrorist activity. 
We accept about 70,000 refugees in the 
United States each year, and I am glad that we do because for some people in some parts of the world, it is the only place they can turn to. 
The public reaction against the 
House action that bars Syrian refugees is interesting. There was a Congress-man, and I don’t know him personally, but his name is Congressman S
TEVE  
RUSSELL of Oklahoma. 
This is according to the POLITICO 
article: 
He voted for the bill with serious reserva-
tions but in the hopes of affecting the debate as it moved ahead. If the existing bill were to come before the House again, ‘‘I would vote against it,’’ Russell said. ‘‘I think it creates impossible barriers to refugees.’’ 
Just 2 weeks ago, he voted for it, but 
he has thought it over. Why? This arti-cle says: 
For Russell, the issue is personal. One of 
his close friends is an American citizen who was trying to get his mother out of Syria. The mother died this past summer before she could leave that war-torn country. Out of re-spect for his friend’s privacy, [Congressman] Russell [of Oklahoma], a retired Army lieu-tenant colonel, declined to offer specifics, in-cluding exactly what happened to the woman. But he said: ‘‘I’m certain had he been able to get her to the United States, she would still be alive.’’ 
[Congressman] Russell urged [his fellow] 
Republicans in the Senate to think carefully before supporting the House bill, saying they should not get refugees confused with the broader issue of immigration. He pointed out that in the past the U.S. has denied entry to people in need of help, including Jews [who were] fleeing the Nazis [in Europe during World War II]. 
‘‘We have had dark periods when we have 
done this in the past,’’ he said. ‘‘History never judges it kindly—never.’’ 
That was a quote by Congressman 
RUSSELL , a Republican from the State 
of Oklahoma. 
I think it is important to note, too, 
that ‘‘in a letter to lawmakers released [yesterday], a group of national secu-rity experts, including figures promi-nent in Republican circles such as former Secretary of State [Henry] Kis-singer, retired Gen. David Petraeus and former Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, urged [us] to stop the 
House bill.’’ 
‘‘Refugees are victims, not perpetrators of 
terrorism,’’ the signatories wrote. ‘‘Categori-cally refusing to take them only feeds the narrative of [the Islamic State] that there is a war between Islam and the West, that Mus-lims are not welcome in the United States and Europe, and that the [Islamic State] ca-liphate is their true home.’’ 
Perhaps the saucer is cooling the tea, 
and perhaps the Senate will have the good sense not to follow the action of the House of Representatives in pass-ing this provision. 
I have two other items to add to the 
R
ECORD before I yield the floor to my 
colleagues who have gathered here today. 
The first is an article that comes out 
of the city of Chicago, which I am hon-ored to represent. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Chicagoist.com, Dec. 1, 2015] 
MEET THE NUNSWHOAREPREPARING THEIR 
WESTRIDGE HOMETOTAKE IN SYRIAN REF-
UGEES  
(By Tony Boylan) 
Three nuns living in West Ridge plan to 
take in a Syrian refugee family not just with the blessing of their local community, but at its urging. 
Despite Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner’s deci-
sion last month to join a number of other state governors in vowing to make it tough-er for Syrian refugees to resettle in the U.S. in the wake of a recent terrorist attack on Paris, these women are preparing their home to make life a little easier for a refugee fam-ily. 
The sisters, part of the Society of Helpers, 
live in a historic home once owned by the Dr. Scholl’s Family with a finished basement they in the process of turning into a family apartment. The Society is an international order with progressive values based on the teachings of St. Ignatius. In other words, they get their hands dirty working with lots of issues other people of faith aren’t always quick to embrace; the homeless, addicts, teenage mothers, domestic violence and those most in need of support and assistance. 
From their mission statement: ‘‘As 
contemplatives in action, we don’t just pray for social justice and for peace—we make it our life’s work.’’ 
Putting their faith in action, the sisters 
moved swiftly to ready themselves to pro-vide shelter to a refugee family they think could be with them as soon as January. Po-litical leaders can debate and demagogue on the issue all they’d like, but the sisters don’t care about that. Their faith declares what it declares, they say, and offering help is their faith. 
‘‘We would rather not make our decision 
on fear, we would rather make our decision on compassion,’’ said Sister Mary Ellen Moore, a registered psychologist and one of three nuns who lives in the house. ‘‘We were certainly disappointed in Gov. Rauner’s statement on this issue. That kind of men-tality if frightening and we know what it’s led to in Europe and in other places in the past. It’s really very sad.’’ 
The plan predates the attacks in Paris, 
which have somehow been blamed on refu-gees—the same people trying to flee the hor-rific powers behind the carnage. The nuns and the members of St. Gertrude’s parish in Edgewater took to heart the Pope’s call for 
every congregation in America to help ease the international crisis and find a way to ac-commodate refugees. 
The sisters do find it important to note 
that this isn’t an entirely free ride. Refugee families from Syria, or anywhere else, are required as part of their status to obtain work almost immediately after getting set-tled. Catholic Charities will assist them with that. The family will also be asked to con-tribute something for electricity and other utilities in due time, and after a store of do-nated food is exhausted, the family will rely on its own income and some help from char-ity for food. 
In this case, though, a family couldn’t ask 
for hosts more qualified and prepared to help them assimilate. And the sisters think the multicultural nature of their neighborhood— near Devon Avenue and Loyola University— will be helpful. 
Members of the parish, where the sisters 
attend church, but have no official attach-ment, almost immediately began collecting donations of money, furniture, bedding, kitchen supplies, and all the mundane things a family starting over with nothing might need to get by. (There still is a need for ev-erything except clothing, which will wait until they know who is coming and can col-lect items appropriate to ages and size. Any help is appreciated and can be donated through either the Society of Helpers Facebook Page or website. 
It’s not as if the parishioners or sisters are 
entering into this without thinking through any potential risks. It’s just that they know the risks are being wildly overstated and their mission is clear. 
A letter written by parishioner John 
Neafsey was circulated among church mem-bers recently read, in part: 
‘‘Security concerns are understandable in 
the aftermath of the Paris attacks. But our understanding is that there is already a thorough and lengthy screening process in place for checking the backgrounds of refu-gees (agreed upon between the UNHCR and host countries, including the U.S.) prior to approving them for resettlement to the United States. We believe that an arbitrary refusal to allow Syrian refugees to come to our state is unnecessary, unfair, and un- Christian. This would needlessly scapegoat and penalize innocent men, women, and chil-dren who are fleeing violence and persecu-tion. It deprives them of the chance to get a new start in a safe place where they are wel-come. The motto of our parish is ‘All Are Welcome.’ For us, ‘‘all’’ includes Syrian refu-gees, whether they are Christian or Muslim.’’ 
While neither the church members nor the 
sisters want this matter to be political, they understand the climate that has been cre-ated. 
‘‘It’s very sad people just jump to judge-
ment because people are different,’’ said Sr. Jean Kielty, Director of the House of Good Shepherd and a social worker who has aided the homeless for a quarter century. She shares the house with Sister Mary Ellen, Sis-ter Anna Maria Baldauf, and their dogs, Mocha and Snowball. 
‘‘This is just a different kind of homeless-
ness—a more tragic one.’’ 
There is a one ramification Sister Jean is 
concerned about, though: ‘‘I’m not sure if my family will come visit me anymore.’’ 
Here’s a little more information about the 
nuns behind this initiative and the residence where they are providing a basement apart-ment to a refugee family next year: 
JEAN KIELTY , SH 
As a social worker, Jean’s ministry has fo-
cused on addressing homelessness in the Chicagoland area for more than 25 years. She 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.093 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8295 December 2, 2015 
has served as Director of Interim Housing 
with Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Chicago and is currently the Executive Pro-gram Director of the House of Good Shep-herd. Jean is the founder and current chair-person of the board for Casa Esperanza, a transitional housing program for women and their children located in South Chicago. Jean is one of three leaders of the U.S. Prov-ince of the Society of Helpers and resides in her West Ridge home with two other Helpers and their dogs. 
MARY ELLEN MOORE , SH, PH.D. 
Mary Ellen is a registered psychologist and 
co-founder of Claret Center in Hyde Park that offers psychotherapy, workshops, and professional development that support wholeness in mind, body, and spirit. In addi-tion to her advisory role at Claret Center, Mary Ellen provides psychotherapy and su-pervision to clients and students and is the director of training for the practicum at ‘‘The Circle,’’ a Helpers-sponsored resource center for Latina immigrant women in Brighton Park. Mary Ellen served served two previous terms as the Helpers’ U.S. Provin-cial from 1985–1995 and another term from 2008–2014. 
THE MILLER HOUSE  
This West Ridge modified Georgian Colo-
nial Revival was built by the Hutchins Brothers in 1911. In 1923, the Hutchins family sold the home to Frank Scholl, brother of Dr. William M. Scholl who founded the com-pany Dr. Scholl’s. Frank joined the business in 1910 and oversaw European operations. Featured on the 1996 Annual Fall House Tour and the 2013 Annual House Tour, this histor-ical home boasts 5000 square feet with 5 bed-rooms, 5.5 bathrooms and related living quarters. 
Although this ‘‘large home’’ has undergone 
changes with each of the five previous own-ers, it maintains many qualities of its origi-nal historic charm. The Society of Helpers purchased the home in 2014, planning to uti-lize its space to welcome other Helpers vis-iting from around the world. They were thrilled to be able to offer the related living quarters to a Syrian refugee family when their parish, St. Gertrude, and Catholic Charities provided an opportunity to present a family in need of a safe home. 
Mr. DURBIN. The article talks about 
a house in West Ridge, Chicago. It is a place where an order of Catholic nuns called the Society of Helpers has a house that they have turned into a ref-uge for homeless people. They have an-nounced that they are going to accept Syrian refugees into their home so that the refugees know they will have a safe place to stay in the United States. 
Sister Mary Ellen Moore, a registered 
psychologist and one of the nuns who lives in the house, said: 
We would rather not make our decision on 
fear, we would rather make it on compassion . . . We were certainly disappointed in Gov. Rauner’s statement on this issue. That kind of mentality is frightening and we know what it’s led to in Europe and other places in the past. It’s really very sad. 
The people of France, after these hor-
rific terrorist incidents, announced that they are going to accept 30,000 Syrian refugees. The people of Canada, after the terrible incident in Paris, an-nounced virtually the same thing. And what has been the response of the United States and the House of Rep-resentatives? It has been an irrational response of fear. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this letter, which comes from a group called HIAS, and has the head-line ‘‘1000 Rabbis in Support of Wel-coming Refugees’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From hias.org, Dec. 1, 2015] 
1,000 R ABBIS IN SUPPORT OF WELCOMING  
REFUGEES  
We, Rabbis from across the country, call 
on our elected officials to exercise moral leadership for the protection of the U.S. Ref-ugee Admissions Program. 
Since its founding, the United States has 
offered refuge and protection to the world’s most vulnerable. Time and time again, those refugees were Jews. Whether they were flee-ing pogroms in Tzarist Russia, the horrors of the Holocaust or persecution in Soviet Rus-sia or Iran, our relatives and friends found safety on these shores. 
We are therefore alarmed to see so many 
politicians declaring their opposition to wel-coming refugees. 
Last month’s heartbreaking attacks in 
Paris and Beirut are being cited as reasons to deny entry to people who are themselves victims of terror. And in those comments, we, as Jewish leaders, see one of the darker moments of our history repeating itself. 
In 1939, the United States refused to let the 
S.S. St. Louis dock in our country, sending over 900 Jewish refugees back to Europe, where many died in concentration camps. That moment was a stain on the history of our country—a tragic decision made in a po-litical climate of deep fear, suspicion and antisemitism. The Washington Post released public opinion polling from the early 1940’s, showing that the majority of U.S. citizens did not want to welcome Jewish refugees to this country in those years. 
In 1939, our country could not tell the dif-
ference between an actual enemy and the victims of an enemy. In 2015, let us not make the same mistake. 
We therefore urge our elected officials to 
support refugee resettlement and to oppose any measures that would actually or effec-tively halt resettlement or prohibit or re-strict funding for any groups of refugees. 
As Rabbis, we take seriously the biblical 
mandate to ‘‘welcome the stranger.’’ We call on our elected officials to uphold the great legacy of a country that welcomes refugees. 
Mr. DURBIN. I will close by reading 
just a portion of this letter that was handed to me this morning by this group that represents these Jewish rab-bis all across the United States, from virtually every State in the Union. 
It says: 
We, Rabbis from across the country, call 
on our elected officials to exercise moral leadership for the protection of the U.S. Ref-ugee Admissions Program. 
Since its founding, the United States has 
offered refuge and protection to the world’s most vulnerable. Time and time again, those refugees were Jews. Whether fleeing the po-groms in Tzarist Russia, the horrors of the Holocaust or persecution in Soviet Russia or Iran, our relatives and friends found safety on these shores. 
We are therefore alarmed to see so many 
politicians declaring their opposition to wel-coming refugees. 
Last month’s heartbreaking attacks in 
Paris and Beirut are being cited as reasons to deny entry to people who are themselves victims of terror. And in those comments, we, as Jewish leaders, see one of the darker 
moments of our history repeating itself. 
They go on to talk about the United 
States turning away the SS St. Louis in 
1939, and 900 Jews were sent back to Europe. The Holocaust Museum tells us that 200 of them perished in the Holo-caust because the United States re-fused to accept them as refugees. 
They end by saying: 
As Rabbis, we take seriously the biblical 
mandate to ‘‘welcome the stranger.’’ We call on our elected officials to uphold the great legacy of a country that welcomes refugees. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, be-
fore we get too wrapped up with our concern for the Syrian refugees, let’s keep in mind that this administration doesn’t have a policy in the Middle East today and hasn’t had one since it came into office. It doesn’t have a pol-
icy in Syria. They don’t know where we are. He has drawn a line in the sand and just ignored his commitments. We wouldn’t have all of these Syrian refu-gees if we had a policy in the first place. 
Secondly, it was this administra-
tion’s own Director of National Intel-ligence, James Clapper, who said that it is a fact that the refugees who come in from Syria could very well be bring-ing terrorists into the United States, and I think we need to consider that and consider our citizens before we consider some of the others. There are other options. We could have no-fly zones and have refugees settled in their own country, and that would be a lot safer for America and a lot cheaper. 
Anyway, that is not why I am here. President Obama made a lot of points 
to the American people in 2010 about how ObamaCare would improve health care for everyone. He said it would lower costs, it would expand access, and it would make health care more af-
fordable for everyone. Yet, 5 years after this law’s passage, ObamaCare has only increased premiums and in-creased deductibles, cut down em-ployee work hours, and threatened the religious liberty of many employers who are providing needed jobs in a slow economy. 
Since Obama’s disastrous rollout, I 
have listened to heartbreaking ac-counts of how ObamaCare has nega-tively impacted middle-class Oklahoma families. I go back every weekend and I talk to these people. Their budgets are taking the hardest hits. The longer this law has been on the books, the worse the stories have become. 
Oklahoman Fred Imel’s premium is 
going from $1,100 a month to $1,700 a month. In fact, it was just announced that next year Oklahomans will see an average increase of 35.7 percent in pre-mium prices, which is the highest in the Nation. That is why I am con-cerned about this. We have an oppor-tunity, actually, tomorrow to act on something that can change all of this. 
In addition, BlueCross BlueShield no-
tified 40,000 Oklahomans earlier this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.028 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8296 December 2, 2015 
year that they will no longer offer 
their current plans and that policy-holders would be forced to move to other plans in the two other networks in the State. Both plan options have fewer participating doctors, hospitals, and other providers. In other words, ac-cess to care is going down for these people, all the while costs are going up. 
At the same time, many other insur-
ance companies are dropping out of the Affordable Care Act market altogether, leaving Oklahomans with even fewer choices, not more, as President Obama promised back in 2010. In fact, nation-wide, ObamaCare offers, on average, 34 percent fewer providers than health care networks outside the exchanges. 
But ObamaCare isn’t delivering bad 
news just to Oklahoma. Across the Na-tion, federally backed co-ops are going under due to ObamaCare. On October 16, the Wall Street Journal had an arti-cle that said that these cooperatives are ‘‘collapsing at such a rapid clip that some co-ops and small insurers are forming a coalition to consider legal action to try to change health- law provisions they blame for their fi-nancial distress.’’ 
Twelve out of the 23 ObamaCare es-
tablished co-ops have gone under. More than half of them have gone under, leaving more than 500,000 currently in-sured Americans to find new insurance once again or face a steep penalty from the Federal Government. These co-ops also received over $1 billion in tax-payer loans from the Federal Govern-ment, most of which will never get re-paid. So it is really worse economically for this country. 
Since the beginning of this Congress, 
I have sponsored 12 bills to dismantle and fully repeal ObamaCare, and my colleagues and I are committed to maintaining our promise to repeal and replace ObamaCare. This reconciliation bill is a step in that direction. The House passed reconciliation on October 23 with a vote of 240 to 189. 
This bill repeals the major compo-
nents of ObamaCare, including the in-dividual and employer mandate. It also repeals the medical device tax and the Cadillac tax, which is a tax placed on certain high-value, employer-sponsored insurance plans. 
The Senate reconciliation bill also 
takes repeal of ObamaCare a lot fur-ther by repealing $1 trillion in ObamaCare taxes and fully repealing the Medicare expansion and all ObamaCare subsidies by 2018. 
Importantly, the reconciliation bill 
also prohibits Federal funding for Planned Parenthood and instead uses that money that is saved by that re-peal to increase funding for community health care centers. We hear people talk about health care for woman who are going to be hurt if we get rid of Planned Parenthood, yet we have more than 9,000—9,000—community health centers. These facilities are better equipped to provide women with the health care they need when compared to only 700 Planned Parenthood facili-ties. So keep in mind that there are 700 
Planned Parenthood facilities and 9,000 community health centers, so they ac-tually have the opportunity to get bet-ter care. 
This issue is of particular importance 
given the sting videos that were re-leased over the last few months show-ing the lengths Planned Parenthood af-filiates have gone to profit from the sale of fetal tissue following abortions. 
Planned Parenthood is a private in-
stitution that largely serves urban areas. While abortion may not be the only service they provide, it is what they are primarily known for. Every-body knows that. Whether they have broken the law or not, the taxpayer money they currently receive would be better directed toward the community health centers, which, on a ratio of 12 to 1, would be able to help with wom-en’s services. 
Life is one of the single most impor-
tant issues we consider here in the Sen-ate, and I am proud of what we have al-ready done this year. A few months ago, a majority of Senators voted to defund Planned Parenthood. That vote has already taken place. A majority of us here—although the tally did not pass the 60-vote threshold that was necessary to break a filibuster, it did show that more than a majority of Senators support ending subsidies to the largest abortion provider in Amer-ica. 
More important than the Senate’s 
views of this, a majority of the Amer-ican people support protecting life of the unborn. Every survey demonstrates that very clearly. When I go back home, people say: Why is it that if this is something the American people want, this taking of life continues? 
The American people support it, and 
it is very important to me and my con-stituents that we do everything pos-sible to protect the sanctity of life. That is among the top reasons why it is necessary to vote for this reconcili-ation bill. We have the chance to end the Federal financing of the institution that has chopped up babies and nego-tiated the most profitable price for their organs. There is no moral gray area here. 
Let me tell my colleagues something 
about Oklahoma. I am going to tell my colleagues about how immoral and ab-rasive ObamaCare has been. In my State of Oklahoma—I was in the State senate back in 1970. I had a good friend then whose name is David Green. He developed a business in his garage— this was in 1970—where he made pic-ture frames. He had only one employee, and then he started growing. Over a pe-riod of time, he has grown to where he now has Hobby Lobby. Hobby Lobby has 600 stores, 23,000 employees, and it started in a garage in 1970. 
David Green is a real Jesus guy. He 
loves the Lord. He has his own prin-ciples, his own morality, and his em-ployees do too. So ObamaCare came along and required a contraceptive type of pill taken after fertilization that is very similar—it is a type of 
abortion, in the eyes of this man. Well, he refused to force his employees to do that. 
ObamaCare—the Federal Govern-
ment—came along and they sued him and they—no, they were fining him $1 million a day—$1 million a day for re-fusing to take human life. He filed a suit. Now, keep in mind, $1 million a day. He went to district court, and he won the case by a close decision over ObamaCare. Then they appealed the case to the circuit court. He won there, and he won ultimately in the U.S. Su-preme Court by a split vote of 5 to 4. Here is a guy who is willing to risk $1 million a day because he knew what was morally right. This is something that actually happened. 
I will tell my colleagues, we have to 
get rid of ObamaCare and get out of the abortion business. We will have that chance tomorrow. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, nearly 6 
years ago this body was on the verge of passing the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. Today the Senate is poised to repeal that insultingly mis-named law. 
Back in the winter of 2009, of course, 
we still had yet to pass the bill to see what was in it, although one didn’t need a Ph.D. in economics to foresee that the Affordable Care Act would be a mess. It wasn’t just conservatives and Republicans raising concerns; every sensible observer saw the obvious flaws and the inevitable disasters em-bedded in the rickety, ideological scheme congressional Democrats were foisting on the American people in an exercise of unprecedented partisanship. 
Six years later, the Democratic Par-
ty’s dream of ObamaCare has become the American people’s nightmare. For the past 5 years, the American people have lived with and have suffered through the chaos and dysfunction wrought by ObamaCare’s assault on American health care. At every step along the way, opposition to the law has grown stronger and calls for its re-peal by the American people have grown louder, which brings us here today. 
Last year Republicans running for 
Congress promised to repeal ObamaCare as a first step toward re-placing it with real health care and real insurance reform. It was largely on the basis of this pledge that the American people elected to put the GOP in charge of both the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. The bill we are scheduled to vote on later this week brings us as close to fulfilling that promise as is possible under the Senate rules, pursuant to the instructions from the budget resolu-tion that Congress passed just a few months ago. 
I applaud the majority leader for his 
steadfast leadership over the past sev-eral days and weeks, and I commend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.096 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8297 December 2, 2015 
the Senate Budget Committee for its 
tireless efforts, as Republicans have worked together to craft a reconcili-ation package that doesn’t just tinker around the edges of ObamaCare but lays the groundwork for ObamaCare to be erased from the books altogether. This is the only responsible step for Congress to take because by the law’s own standards, according to the prom-ises of the ideologues who imposed it on an unwilling country, ObamaCare has been a failure. 
As its name suggests, the overriding 
objective and promise of the Affordable Care Act was to make health care more affordable for Americans. Yet, nearly 5 years after its passage, no one seri-ously claims the law has made it easier or more affordable for the American people to access the health care serv-ices they need. Facts are not optional, 
and the facts prove that quality, af-fordable health care is harder to find in America today than it was 6 years ago, especially for low- and middle-income Americans. 
With so much political and ideolog-
ical capital invested in propping up and defending ObamaCare, President Obama and his allies here in Congress are forced to simply try to skirt the facts. Take, for instance, the left’s fa-vorite half-truth—the notion that ObamaCare has succeeded because there are fewer uninsured Americans today than before the Affordable Care Act was signed in the law. But the other salient fact routinely omitted by the President and congressional Demo-crats is that the vast majority of the newly insured receive their coverage through Medicaid. The reason ObamaCare supporters have made a habit of ignoring this fact is obvious: For 50 years, Medicaid has served as the preeminent case study of how not to run a health insurance program. Medicaid’s abysmal track record of failing our most vulnerable populations will only get worse as millions of new, able-bodied adults join the program. 
Then there is the fact that in 2016, in-
surance premiums are set to continue their steep assent toward unaffordability. That goes for insur-
ance plans on the ObamaCare ex-changes as well as commercial plans purchased in the private market. 
ObamaCare supporters have long 
promised that rising premiums would be at worst a brief detour on the cen-trally planned road to affordable health care, but as it turns out the iron laws of economics have once again tri-umphed over ideological wishful think-ing. According to a survey of commer-cial insurance brokers conducted by Morgan Stanley, the average rate hike in 2016 for individual insurance plans will be 12.6 percent—slightly higher than the 11.2-percent increase last year—and the increase in small group rates will be 13.5 percent, up from a hike of 11.7 percent last year. So this creep continues. It keeps getting worse for the American people. 
The outlook for insurance plans on 
the ObamaCare exchanges is just as bleak. Last month the Department of 
Health and Human Services announced that insurance premiums will rise an additional 7.5 percent next year in the 37 States using the notoriously defec-tive and flawed healthcare.gov, and that is just the average, which ob-scures the more dramatic premium in-creases for residents in several States 
in particular, such as Oklahoma and Alaska, both of which are projected to see their ObamaCare premiums spike more than 30 percent next year. 
Compounding the continued accelera-
tion of premium hikes is the simulta-neous increase in deductibles and the narrowing of choices that patients face in the health care market. In my home State of Utah, for instance, the resi-dents of 20 out of my State’s 29 coun-ties are limited to only one health in-surance plan option. 
This toxic combination of rising 
health care costs and limited health care choices has already had serious consequences, especially for low- and middle-income Americans who are most severely affected by the law and who are the least capable of dealing with adverse consequences. According to a recent Gallup poll, nearly one in three Americans report that they or a family member have postponed or de-layed medical treatment within the past year because of the cost, and they are more likely to have done so for a serious medical condition than for a medical condition deemed nonserious. What is even more remarkable is that the proportion of Americans who delay medical treatment because of the cost has remained basically unchanged for the last decade, even as the number of Americans with insurance coverage has increased. It is not just patients who have found ObamaCare to be too expen-sive. Insurance providers are coming to the same conclusion. To date, half of the 23 cooperatives created by ObamaCare collapsed despite receiving billions of dollars of taxpayer sub-sidies. The shuttering of the once-cele-brated ObamaCare co-ops is not just a sign of the law’s unsustainability, it is also a major source of the stress and anxiety that millions of Americans are experiencing as a result of this unfor-tunate law. 
Just ask the hundreds of thousands 
of Utahans who recently found out that Arches Health Plan, a co-op that served roughly one-quarter of the State’s exchange enrollees could not afford to stay in business next year. The announcement came only 5 days before open enrollment began this fall, leaving families across Utah scram-bling to find a new plan and hoping they can afford it—like so many before them, the collateral damage of the President’s repeated broken promise that if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. 
Then there was the recent warning 
from United Healthcare. United is the Nation’s largest health insurance pro-vider. It was supposed to be big enough and with enough efficiencies built into its operations to absorb the new costs 
associated with doing business within the ObamaCare regulatory framework. Yet just a few weeks ago, United an-nounced that the financial realities of its ObamaCare plans may soon force the insurance giant to stop offering in-surance plans through the public ex-changes. 
The Affordable Care Act has been de-
scribed by some of its supporters as a train wreck. It certainly looks that way as we watch hard truths and eco-nomic realities unravel the coalition of insurers that were once great cham-pions of ObamaCare, but when you think about it, the term ‘‘train wreck’’ isn’t quite the right metaphor to de-scribe the calamity that is the Afford-able Care Act. It misses the crucial point. Train wrecks are accidents, ab-errations, anomalies. The failures of ObamaCare were no such thing. They were entirely predictable. We knew they were coming, despite the Presi-dent’s repeated assurances to the con-trary. 
There was nothing unexpected about 
the collapse of a national health care pseudo market, governed by a perverse set of incentives and exemptions that encouraged young and healthy individ-uals to stay out of the health insurance market. Now, nearly 5 years after its passage, there is no denying the mani-fest failures of ObamaCare. The only question left is, What are we going to do about it? 
For the Democratic Party, the an-
swer is—as we have come to expect— more of the same. Shield the ram-shackle architecture and bloated bu-reaucracy of ObamaCare from any meaningful reform, and whenever pos-sible double down—more ill-conceived and costly regulations, more Federal micromanagement of the health deci-sions of individuals, families, doctors, hospitals, and insurance companies, more price controls, all peddled using the same hackneyed promises and proc-lamations of compassion and fairness that have nearly drowned out any hon-est discourse during the past 6 years regarding health care. 
ObamaCare has given the American 
people a preview of this approach to health care policy, and they have em-phatically rejected it, which is why the Senate will soon vote to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, but just saying no is not by itself enough. 
Conservatives and Republicans must 
also offer the country a health care re-form agenda to be for, something they can support affirmatively, proactively. Already there are a number of conserv-ative leaders in Congress who have de-veloped reform plans that would re-place ObamaCare’s cumbersome, bu-reaucratic, and expensive health care system with one that is flexible, decen-tralized, and affordable. We must build on these plans and advance legislation that empowers patients and families— not distant, coercive, powerful bu-reaucracies—to decide how they want to spend their health care dollars, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.097 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8298 December 2, 2015 
that encourages innovation and invest-
ment across all health care sectors. Re-pealing the Affordable Care Act is the first step in that process—the begin-ning, not the end of our road to build-ing a market-based, patient-centered health care system in America. 
I look forward to joining my col-
leagues in voting to repeal ObamaCare and entering this new phase of health care reform. I thank my colleagues who cooperated and worked together in developing this bill that I whole-heartedly support. 
Thank you, Madam President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, last 
year when I decided to run for Mon-tana’s open Senate seat, I promised the people of Montana I would work tire-lessly to repeal ObamaCare. I am up-holding that promise. Tomorrow the Senate will vote to repeal President Obama’s broken health care law be-cause for many Montana families the President’s health care law hasn’t been what it was promised to be. 
Too many Montanans have seen their 
work hours cut, have been forced off the plans they liked, and were told they couldn’t see the doctors they trusted. Health care premiums are not as affordable for Americans as Presi-
dent Obama claimed they would be. We are seeing premiums rising once again. In Montana, folks who are purchasing plans from the ObamaCare exchanges are getting hit with double-digit rate increases. More than 40,000 Montanans are expected to receive notices that their insurance rates have increased by double digits—an average of 34 percent for some plans. To put that into per-spective, that is another $1,000 a year for a 40-year-old on one of Montana’s silver plans. 
Some Montanans have been hit with 
even higher rate increases. Take Cindy from Missoula, MT, who received a let-ter from her health insurance company that her premiums were increasing by 40 percent. Unfortunately, these rate hikes are the predictable result of forc-ing a partisan piece of legislation through Congress without transparent consideration or bipartisan input. Sadly, those impacted the hardest by these steep rate increases are often those who can least afford it. 
Americans need access to affordable 
care, but ObamaCare not only takes uninsured Americans in the wrong di-rection, it is failing to reliably provide the basic coverage Americans deserve. Look no further than the health co-op system established under ObamaCare. 
All but one lost money in the last year—all but one. More than half have collapsed, forcing more than 700,000 Americans to find new health insur-ance options. 
In 2007, President Obama said himself 
that by the end of his first term ObamaCare would ‘‘cover every Amer-ican and cut the cost of a typical fam-ily’s premium by up to $2,500 a year.’’ 
Montanans haven’t seen their pre-
miums decreased by $2,500 a year. It is not even close. Montanans are forced once again off the health care plans they liked and away from the doctors they trusted because when Washington, DC, bureaucrats take over a health care system, inevitably prices go up and the quality of care goes down. That is exactly what we have seen happen with ObamaCare. After more than 5 years of this Obama experiment, it is clear ObamaCare isn’t working. 
I grew up in Montana. Spending time 
outdoors is an important way of life for us back home. I was fly fishing before Brad Pitt made it cool in the movie ‘‘A River Runs Through It.’’ When you are in one of Montana’s blue-ribbon streams and your fishing line gets tan-gled up, you have a couple different op-tions. Sometimes you can take some time to untangle it and make another cast, but other times, your line gets so tangled up and knotted up that the best option is to cut the line and start over. It is time to cut the line on Presi-dent Obama’s failed health care law and tie on a new fly. That is what the Senate is going to do this week. 
This bill dismantles President 
Obama’s bungled health care law. It also puts our States on a glide path away from ObamaCare. It will build a bridge to replace this broken law with State-led solutions that put patients back in the center of the health care equation and return the health care de-
cisions to Americans, to families, to their doctors and away from a bunch of DC bureaucrats. When we pass this his-toric legislation tomorrow, it will be the first time an ObamaCare repeal bill will be on President Obama’s desk for his signature. He is going to have to decide whether to put the American people first or if he will continue im-posing fines and substandard care on the hard-working people of this coun-try. 
Even if the President rejects the will 
of the American people and vetoes this bill, I will continue working to protect Montanans from rising health care costs, and I will keep working to en-sure that all Americans receive the 
quality health care they deserve. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Madam President, section 
4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels in the budget resolution for legislation re-lated to health care reform. The au-thority to adjust is contingent on the legislation not increasing the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016–2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016–2025. 
I find that Senate amendment 2874 
fulfills the conditions of deficit neu-trality found in sec. 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11. Accordingly, I am revising the allo-cations to the Committee on Finance; the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, HELP; and the budgetary aggregates to account for the budget effects of the amendment. 
I ask unanimous consent that the ac-
companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
BUDGET AGGREGATES—BUDGET AUTHORITY AND 
OUTLAYS 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 
Current Aggregates: 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................. 3,033,488 Outlays ................................................. 3,091,974 
Adjustments: 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................. ¥10,300 
Outlays ................................................. ¥9,700 
Revised Aggregates: 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................. 3,023,188 Outlays ................................................. 3,082,274 
BUDGET AGGREGATE—REVENUES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution  on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 2,675,967 14,4 15,914 32,233,099 
Adjustments: 
Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. ¥12,800 ¥83,300 ¥223,200 
Revised Aggregates: 
Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 2,663,167 14,3 32,614 32,009,899 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.098 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8299 December 2, 2015 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution  on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 2,179,749 12,342,55 1 29,428,176 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 2,169,759 12, 322,705 29,403,199 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥9,500 ¥103,700 ¥282,800 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥9,500 ¥103,700 ¥282,800 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 2,170,249 12,238,85 1 29,145,376 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 2,160,259 12, 219,005 29,120,399 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution  on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 12,137 87,301 174,3 72 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 14,271 87,783  182,631 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥800 ¥5,500 ¥15,000 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥100 ¥3,600 ¥12,200 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 11,337 81,801 159,3 72 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 14,171 84,183  170,431 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT 
Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I wish 
to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for December 2015. The report compares current law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts provided in the conference re-port to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016. This information is necessary to deter-mine whether budget points of order lie against pending legislation. It has been prepared by the Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, pursu-ant to section 308(b) of the Congres-sional Budget Act. 
This is the fourth report I have made 
since adoption of the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution on May 5, 2015. My last filing can be found in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD on October 27, 2015. The 
information contained in this report is current through November 30, 2015. This will be the final scorekeeping re-port for calendar year 2015. 
Table 1 gives the amount by which 
each Senate authorizing committee is below or exceeds its allocation under the budget resolution. This informa-tion is used for enforcing committee allocation pursuant to section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, CBA. Over the fiscal year 2016–2025 pe-riod, which is the entire period covered by S. Con. Res. 11, Senate authorizing committees have spent $3.3 billion less than the budget resolution calls for. 
Table 2 gives the amount by which 
the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds the statutory spending limits. This information is used to determine points of order re-lated to the spending caps found in sec-tion 312 and section 314 of the CBA. While no full-year appropriations bills have been enacted for fiscal year 2016, subcommittees are charged with per-manent and advanced appropriations that first become available in that year. 
Table 3 gives the amount by which 
the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds its allocation for overseas contingency operations/ 
globaI war on terrorism, OCO/GWOT, spending. This separate allocation for OCO/GWOT was established in section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11 and is enforced 
using section 302 of the CBA. No bills providing funds with the OCO/GWOT designation on a full-year basis have been enacted thus far for fiscal year 2016. 
The budget resolution established 
two new points of order limiting the use of changes in mandatory programs in appropriations bills, CHIMPS. Ta-bles 4 and 5 show compliance with fis-cal year 2016 limits for overall CHIMPS and the Crime Victims Fund CHIMP, respectively. This information is used for determining points of order under section 3103 and section 3104, respec-tively. No full-year bills have been en-acted thus far for fiscal year 2016 that include CHIMPS. 
In addition to the tables provided by 
the Senate Budget Committee Repub-lican staff, I am submitting additional tables from CBO that I will use for en-forcement of budget levels agreed to by the Congress. 
For fiscal year 2016, CBO annualizes 
the effects of the Continuing Appro-priations Act, P.L. 114–53, which pro-vides funding through December 11, 2015. For the enforcement of budgetary aggregates, the Senate Budget Com-mittee historically excludes this tem-porary funding. As such, the current law levels are $882.6 billion and $521.6 billion below budget resolution levels for budget authority and outlays, re-spectively. Revenues are $413 million above the level assumed in the budget resolution. Finally, Social Security outlays are at the levels assumed in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016, while Social Security revenues are $18 million above assumed levels for the budget year. 
CBO’s report also provide informa-
tion needed to enforce the Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule. The Senate’s pay- as-you-go scorecard currently shows deficit reduction of $16.7 billion over the fiscal year 2015–2020 period and $77.5 billion over the fiscal year 2015–2025 pe-riod. Over the initial 6-year period, 
Congress has enacted legislation that would increase revenues by $12 billion and decrease outlays by $4.6 billion. Over the 11-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would increase revenues by $24.2 billion and decrease outlays by $53.3 billion. The Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule is enforced by sec-tion 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. 
All years in the accompanying tables 
are fiscal years. 
I ask unanimous consent that the ac-
companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
TABLE 1. SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED 
DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET 
RESOLUTIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 
2016 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Armed Services 
Budget Authority ............................... ¥66 ¥518 ¥1,117 
Outlays .............................................. ¥50 ¥476 ¥1,099 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation 
Budget Authority ............................... 130 650 1,300 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Energy and Natural Resources 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Environment and Public Works 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 ¥3,160 
Outlays .............................................. 0 0 ¥3,160 
Finance 
Budget Authority ............................... 5 13 28 Outlays .............................................. 5 13 28 
Foreign Relations 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Judiciary 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 1 2 Outlays .............................................. 0 1 2 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 208 278 Outlays .............................................. 0 208 278 
Rules and Administration 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Intelligence 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Veterans’ Affairs 
Budget Authority ............................... ¥2 ¥1 ¥1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.030 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8300 December 2, 2015 
TABLE 1. SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED 
DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET 
RESOLUTIONS—Continued 
(In millions of dollars) 
2016 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
Outlays .............................................. 388 644 644 
Indian Affairs 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Small Business 
Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 1 2 2 
Total 
Budget Authority ...................... 67 353 ¥2,670 
Outlays ..................................... 344 392 ¥3,305 
TABLE 2. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— 
ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS1 
(Budget authority, in millions of dollars) 
2016 
Security2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 523,091 493,491 
Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and 
Related Agencies .............................. 0 9 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 
Defense ................................................. 41 0 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-
ment ................................................. 0 41 
Homeland Security ................................ 0 9 Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies ........................................... 0 0 
Labor, Health and Human Services, 
Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 24,678 
Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 56,217 
State Foreign Operations, and Related 
Programs .......................................... 0 0 
Transportation and Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies 0 4,400 
Current Level Total ............. 41 85,354 
Total Enacted Above (+) or Below 
(¥) Statutory Limits .............. ¥523,050 ¥408,137 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-
tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-
et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 3. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 
2016 
BA OT 
OCO/GWOT Allocation1.......................... 96,287 48,798 
Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and 
Related Agencies .............................. 0 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 
Defense ................................................. 0 0 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-
ment ................................................. 0 0 
Homeland Security ................................ 0 0 Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies ........................................... 0 0 TABLE 3. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS—Continued 
(In millions of dollars) 
2016 
BA OT 
Labor, Health and Human Services, 
Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 0 
Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 0 
State Foreign Operations, and Related 
Programs .......................................... 0 0 
Transportation and Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies 0 0 
Current Level Total ............. 0 0 
Total OCO/GWOT Spending vs. 
Budget Resolution ................... ¥96,287 ¥48,798 
BA = Budget Authority; OT= Outlays 
1This allocation may be adjusted by the Chairman of the Budget Com-
mittee to account for new information, pursuant to section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
TABLE 4. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 
2016 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ................................. 19,100 
Senate Appropriations Subcommittees 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 0 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-
lated Agencies ............................................................. 0 
Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related 
Agencies ...................................................................... 0 
State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, 
and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 0 
Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget 
Resolution ........................................................... ¥19,100 
TABLE 5. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 
2016 
2016 Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal 
Year 2016 .................................................................... 10,800 
Senate Appropriations Subcommittees.
Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 0 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-
lated Agencies ............................................................. 0 
Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related 
Agencies ...................................................................... 0 
State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, 
and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 TABLE 5. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND—Continued 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 
2016 
Current Level Total ........................................ 0 
Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget 
Resolution ........................................................... ¥10,800 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , 
Washington, DC, December 2, 2015. 
Hon. M IKEENZI, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report 
shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2016 budget and is current through November 30, 2015. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. 
The estimates of budget authority, out-
lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Since our last letter dated October 27, 2015, 
the Congress has cleared and the President has signed the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues for fiscal year 2016: 
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 
114–74); 
Recovery Improvements for Small Entities 
After Disaster Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 88); and 
National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92). 
Sincerely, 
K
EITH HALL, 
Director. 
Enclosure. 
TABLE 1—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-
ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 
(In billions of dollars) 
Budget 
Resolutiona Current 
Levelb Current 
Level Over 
Under(-) 
Resolution 
On-Budget 
Budget Authority ............. 3,033.5 3,159.0 125.5 Outlays ............................ 3,092.0 3,172.8 80.8 Revenues ......................... 2,676.0 2,676.4 0.4 
Off-Budget 
Social Security Outlays
c 777.1 777.1 0.0 
Social Security Revenues 794.0 794.0 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes $6,872 million in budget authority and $344 million in outlays 
assumed in S. Con. Res. 11 for disaster-related spending that is not yet al-located to the Senate Committee on Appropriations. 
bExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
cExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and 
Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. 
TABLE 2—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF N OVEMBER 30, 2015 
(In millions of dollars) 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacted3 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,676,733 
Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 1,968,496 1,902,345 n.a. 
Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 500,825 n.a. 
Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... ¥784,820 ¥784,879 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,183.676 1,618,291 2,676,733 
Enacted Legislation: 
An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers 
of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) ........................... ........................................................................................ 0 20 0 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act & Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P .L. 114–26) .......................................................... 0 0 5 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 44 5 175 ¥766 
Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 5 5 0 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41)b............................................................................................................................... 0 0 99 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–53) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 700 775 0 
Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–55) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 130  0 0 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) .................................................. ............................................................................................................... ¥2 368 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.031 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8301 December 2, 2015 
TABLE 2—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF N OVEMBER 30, 2015— 
Continued 
(In millions of dollars) 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 40 
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–74) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 3,424 4,870 269 
Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–88) .............................................. ........................................................................................................... 0 1 0 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (P.L. 114–92) .......................................................... .................................................................................................................... ¥66 ¥50 0 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 4,636 6,164 ¥353 
Continuing Resolution: 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–53) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 1,008,053 602,405 0 
Entitlements and Mandatories: 
Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... 962,619 945,910 0 
Total Current Levelc............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 3,158,98 4 3,172,770 2,676,380 
Total Senate Resolutiond............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 3,033,488 3,091, 974 2,675,967 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 125,496 80,796 413 
Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Memorandum: Revenues, 2016–2025: 
Senate Current Level ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... n.a. n.a. 32,262,618 
Senate Resolution .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... n.a. n.a. 32,233,099 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... n.a. n.a. 29,519 
Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Notes: n.a. =not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during this se ssion, but before the adoption of S. Con. Res. II, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 
2016: the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2014 (P.L. 114–1); the Department of Homeland Security Approp riations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4), and the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 
10). 
bPursuant to section 403(b) of S. Con. Res. 13, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2010, amounts designated  as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 403 of S. Con. Res. 13, shall not count for certain 
budgetary enforcement purposes. The amounts so designated for 2016, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) ................................... ....................................................................................................... 0 917 0 
cFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level 
does not include these items. 
dPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in S. Con Res. 11, pursuant to various provisions  of the resolution. The Senate Resolution total below excludes $6,872 million in budget authority and $344 
million in outlays assumed in S. Con Res. 11 for disaster-related spending that is not yet allocated to the Senate Committee on  Appropriations: 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Senate Resolution: 3,032,343 3,091,098 2,676,733 
Revisions: 
Pursuant to section 4311 of S. Con. Res. 11 .................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 445 17 5 ¥766 
Pursuant to section 311 of S. Con. Res. 11 ..................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 700 7 00 0 
Pursuant to section 311 of S. Con. Res. 11 ..................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 0 1 0  
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 3,033,488 3,091,974 2,675,967 
TABLE 3. SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO 
SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS—1ST SES-SION, AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 
(In millions of dollars) 
2015–2020 2015–2025 
Beginning Balancea.......................................... 0 0 
Enacted Legislation:b, c, d 
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–17)e........................... n.e. n.e. 
Construction Authorization and Choice 
Improvement Act (P.L. 114–19) .......... 20 20 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–22) ............................. 1 2 
Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effec-tive Discipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–23) ............................. * * 
An act to extend the authorization to 
carry out the replacement of the ex-isting medical center of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado (P.L. 114–25) ....................... 150 150 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Re-
tirement Act & Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–26) ....... ¥1 5 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 
(P.L. 114–27) ...................................... ¥640 ¥52 
Boys Town Centennial Commemorative 
Coin Act (P.L. 114–30)
f...................... 0 0 
Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) 13 28 Surface Transportation and Veterans 
Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) ........................ ¥1,552 ¥6,924 
Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015 
(P.L. 114–54) ...................................... * * 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring 
Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) 6224 624 
Protecting Affordable Coverage for Em-
ployees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................... ¥32 ¥2 
Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015 (P.L. 
114–62) ............................................... * * 
Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–63) ............................. * * 
Adoptive Family Relief Act (P.L. 114–70) * * Surface Transportation Extension Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–73) ............................. * * 
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 
114–74) ............................................... ¥15,050 ¥71,315 
Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated 
Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–81) ............................................... * * TABLE 3. SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO 
SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS—1ST SES-SION, AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015—Continued 
(In millions of dollars) 
2015–2020 2015–2025 
Recovery Improvements for Small Enti-
ties After Disaster Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–88) ............................................... 2 2 
Improving Regulatory Transparency for 
New Medical Therapies Act (P.L. 114– 89) ....................................................... * * 
National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2016 (P.L. 114–92) .......... ¥194 ¥10 
Equity in Government Compensation Act 
of 2015 (P.L. 114–93) ........................ * * 
Improving Access to Emergency Psy-
chiatric Care Act (S. 599) ................... * * 
Current Balance ................................................ ¥16,659 ¥77,472 
Memorandum: 
2015–2020 2015–2025 
Changes to Revenues .............................. 12,032 24,215 Changes to Outlays ................................. ¥4,627 ¥53,257 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Notes: n.e. = not able to estimate; P.L. = Public Law. * = between 
¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aPursuant to S. Con. Res. II , the Senate Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard was 
reset to zero. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated impact of the public laws 
on the deficit. Negative numbers indicate an increase in the deficit; positive numbers indicate a decrease in the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
eP.L. 114–17 could affect direct spending and revenues, but such im-
pacts would depend on future actions of the President that CBO cannot pre-dict. (http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/cbofiles/attachments/s615.pdf) 
fP.L. 114–30 will cause a decrease in spending of $5 million in 2017 
and an increase in spending of $5 million in 2019 for a net impact of zero over the six-year and eleven-year periods. 
f 
COMMENDING SENATOR JONI 
ERNST 
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, 
today I wish to honor a fellow veteran and colleague, Senator J
ONIERNST , on 
her retirement from the Iowa National Guard as a lieutenant colonel after 23 
years of distinguished service to our Nation. 
Senator E
RNST joined the U.S. Army 
Reserves as a second lieutenant upon her graduation from Iowa State Uni-versity. After 9 years in the Army Re-serves, she transitioned to the Iowa National Guard to continue her dedi-cated service to this Nation. As a logis-tics specialist, Senator E
RNST has held 
numerous positions of authority throughout her career, culminating in command of the 185th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion, the largest in the Iowa National Guard. 
On February 10, 2003, while serving as 
commander of the Iowa National Guard’s 1168th Transportation Com-
pany, Senator E
RNST was called to Ac-
tive Duty and deployed to Kuwait and Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Free-dom. For 14 months, Senator E
RNST  
and her fellow Guard members deliv-ered vital supplies to coalition forces in support of the war effort. Her com-bat service was a key element in ena-bling a highly mobile allied force to sustain combat operations. 
While this chapter of her career has 
come to a close, Senator E
RNST con-
tinues her dedication to service. As the first woman elected to Congress from Iowa and the first female combat vet-eran in the Senate, Senator E
RNST has 
fought tenaciously for our military and veterans through her work on the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee and on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.033 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8302 December 2, 2015 
legislation she has authored and spon-
sored over this past year. I have no doubt that she will continue to be a strong voice for servicemembers, vet-erans, and their families in the years ahead. 
Today I honor Lieutenant Colonel 
E
RNST for her 23 years of dedicated 
service to the U.S. Army Reserve and the Iowa National Guard. Her service in support of this Nation has been ex-emplary—and her mission continues. I look forward to working with Senator E
RNST for years to come as we tackle 
the many challenges ahead. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR PLANNED 
PARENTHOOD 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I wish to speak today in support of Planned Parenthood and express how heartbroken I am over last week’s shooting in Colorado Springs. My thoughts are with the victims and their families. To experience such vio-lence in a place dedicated to saving lives is unthinkable. 
I would also like to thank the staff of 
the clinic in Colorado Springs—and all Planned Parenthood clinics across the country. The health care services you provide are invaluable. You help so many people, and you do it in the face of so many challenges. I am grateful for your bravery and your compassion. 
Following last week’s attack, the 
media reported that staff rushed to the clinic’s safe room with their patients. Let me repeat: a health clinic with a safe room. That a clinic dedicated to helping women—many of whom have no other option for health care—needs a safe room is unbelievable. 
I have been deeply troubled over the 
years by the toxic rhetoric targeted at Planned Parenthood—and this dan-gerous rhetoric has only increased in recent months. It sends a signal that using violence to intimidate health care professionals and shut down clin-ics is somehow acceptable. 
Let me be clear: these actions are not 
acceptable. It is shameful and dis-gusting and should be universally con-demned. I do believe there is a link be-tween the poisonous rhetoric directed at these health care providers and the violence used against them. 
And I hope all of my colleagues in 
Congress—and every public official around the country—thinks carefully about the effects their words can have. 
An FBI intelligence assessment from 
September said, ‘‘It is likely criminal or suspicious incidents will continue to be directed against reproductive health care providers, their staff and facili-ties.’’ These incidents aren’t new. 
Over the last 40 years, there have 
been more than 200 arsons and bomb-ings at women’s health care clinics. Doctors and health care staff have been murdered. Since July, four Planned Parenthood facilities have been set on fire, including one in my home State of California. This type of violence is sim-ply abhorrent. And I strongly believe these aren’t 
just attacks on Planned Parenthood and women’s health; they are attacks on our way of life. This isn’t what our country stands for. 
The individuals who carry out these 
crimes have one goal: to terrorize doc-tors, nurses, and clinic staff; to make them quit their jobs; to force these health care clinics to close. They want to make it harder and harder for women to access reproductive health care and make their own health care choices. 
In the wake of the Colorado Springs 
shooting, a former Planned Parenthood worker from Kansas shared some of her experiences. In the 3 years she worked at Planned Parenthood, there were four attempts to burn her clinic to the ground. Two cherry bombs were left at the door after hours. They exploded and forced the clinic to close tempo-rarily. Windows were shot out on three occasions. And butyric acid—essen-tially a stink bomb—was put in the clinic’s ventilation system numerous times. These aren’t acts of political protest. These are serious crimes, and the perpetrators must be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. 
Before I close, I would like to reit-
erate just how important Planned Par-enthood is for our country. Planned Parenthood serves some of the most vulnerable women in our society. It cares for 2.7 million patients in the United States. Ninety-seven percent of Planned Parenthood services carried out by its 700 clinics involve basic health care. 
This includes breast exams, cervical 
cancer screenings, testing for sexually transmitted diseases, and contracep-tion. One in five women will use Planned Parenthood as their primary health care provider at some point in their lives. Nationwide, 80 percent of Planned Parenthood patients make less than $18,000 per year. And Planned Par-enthood is often the only health care option for low-income women and women in rural communities. 
Simply put, Planned Parenthood is 
vital for the women of this country. It is bad enough that some politicians want to limit women’s health care op-tions by defunding Planned Parent-hood. It is even more inexcusable that violence is being used to achieve what my Republican colleagues have failed to do. 
I stand with Planned Parenthood now 
more than ever. And I call for an end to the sickening campaign of violence against clinics nationwide. Thank you. 
f 
CHURCH PLAN CLARIFICATION 
ACT 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I am 
very pleased that the Senate may soon consider bipartisan legislation which I recently introduced with Senators P
ORTMAN and K LOBUCHAR : the Church 
Plan Clarification Act of 2015, S. 2308. By introducing this bill and asking for a unanimous consent agreement re-garding its passage, our goal is to en-
sure the retirement security of clergy, church lay workers, and their families across the country. 
The Church Plan Clarification Act 
addresses several unintended con-sequences resulting from the applica-tion of general tax and pension regula-tions to the unique structures of church pension plans. Churches and synagogues established some of the first pension plans in the country, sev-eral dating back to the 18th century, and they are designed to ensure that our clergy and lay staff have adequate resources during their retirement years. 
Church pensions are critically impor-
tant compensation plans that help sup-port over 1 million clergy members across the country in their retire-ment—particularly those who dedi-cated their careers to serving in eco-nomically disadvantaged congrega-tions. 
Church plans are often structured to 
reflect the ecclesiastical teachings of their denomination. The resulting di-versity of plan structures, coupled with the complexity of the legal and regu-latory framework that applies to church plans, has led to the need for this legislation. The bill would correct several technical issues that, while small, are critical to the functioning and operation of church plans and the retirement benefits they provide. 
While the corrections contained in S. 
2308 would be of tremendous help to church plans, I want to make clear that the bill does not affect the defini-tion of ‘‘church plan’’ under the Inter-nal Revenue Code or Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974, ERISA. In particular, no inference is intended by this legislation regarding the statutory requirements a pension plan must meet to be considered or treated as a ‘‘church plan’’ under IRC section 414(e) of the Internal Revenue Code and section 3(33) of ERISA, and the bill has no bearing on the interpre-tation of those sections. Rather, the Church Plan Clarification Act is sim-ply about fixing the rules that govern how church plans operate and serve their participants. 
Again, the Church Plan Clarification 
Act is targeted, noncontroversial, and has broad bipartisan and bicameral support. I hope we can work quickly to provide clarity for these plans by en-acting this legislation and thereby en-suring that those who dedicate their lives to religious service are not inap-propriately and unfairly disadvan-taged. 
f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
PRIVATE CHRISTOPHER J . CASTANEDA  
Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, today 
I wish to honor the life of Private Christopher J. Castaneda, of Fripp Is-land, SC, who died while serving his 
country on November 19, 2015, in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. 
In January of 2015, Private Castaneda 
made the noble decision to answer the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.006 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8303 December 2, 2015 
call to serve by joining our Nation’s 
Army at the age of 19 years old. Serv-ing in the Army’s 10th Mountain Divi-sion as an infantryman allowed Private Castaneda to excel and leave a unique legacy of honor. Since his enlistment, Private Castaneda has been honored with numerous awards outlining his commitment to our country, such as the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and the Army Achievement Medal. 
The legacy of Private Castaneda will 
undoubtedly continue through his mother and grandfather he leaves be-hind. It is with great pride and homage we recognize Private Christopher J. Castaneda. May we never forget his service and sacrifice to protect our country. 
f 
REMEMBERING ANITA DATAR 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I 
wish to honor the life of Anita Ashok Datar—a loving mother, beloved daughter and sister, and dedicated hu-manitarian from Takoma Park in my home State of Maryland. She was one of 19 victims killed on November 20 in a terrorist attack in Mali. 
Anita’s life was one of service to oth-
ers, both at home and abroad. She was born in Massachusetts and raised in Flanders, NJ. Her friends and class-mates remember her as kind and smart, ‘‘one of the good ones.’’ After she graduated from Rutgers Univer-sity, she served as a Peace Corps volun-teer in Senegal—the beginning of her career helping the world’s most dis-advantaged. 
From there, she went back to school 
to obtain master’s degrees in public health and public administration and began her work improving the lives of the poorest as a global health profes-sional with expertise in reproductive health, family planning, and HIV pre-vention and treatment. Ms. Datar spent over a decade working on critical development projects in Africa, Latin America, and Southeast Asia. 
As my colleagues know, Mali has 
been in turmoil for several years. It is the location of the world’s most dan-gerous peacekeeping mission. Despite the presence of a United Nations peace-keeping mission and a French-led mili-tary operation, terrorists have contin-ued to carry out periodic attacks on Malians and foreigners. 
Despite these dangers, Ms. Datar, 
who was serving as a senior director for field programs at Palladium, went to Mali as a U.S. Agency for International Development contractor to help those in need. Her dedication to seeing that vulnerable populations are not forgot-ten, overlooked, or marginalized epito-mizes public service, and it exemplifies the best of American values and ideals. For that, she will always be remem-bered. 
The attack on the Radisson Blu 
Hotel in Bamako was nothing more than a senseless act undertaken by people who have no compassion and clearly no regard for human life. We 
cannot and will not let actions like this stop us from pursuing the mission 
that people like Anita Datar are so passionate about: improving the lives of the poorest of the poor. 
There is no better way to honor her 
legacy than to continue to help the needy, the disenfranchised, and those at risk both here at home and around the world. 
Anita is survived by her 7-year-old 
son, a brother, her parents, and count-less friends and colleagues. In addition to offering our condolences, we must commit to continuing her work and re-membering the sacrifices that she and countless other development workers make each and every day. 
f 
REMEMBERING KATE ROGERS 
MCCARTHY 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I rise 
today to honor a distinguished Orego-nian who made it her life’s work to protect many of Oregon’s and the Na-tion’s most beautiful and majestic nat-ural places. On November 3, Kate Rog-ers McCarthy, a lifelong conserva-tionist, activist, and friend, passed away in her hometown of Parkdale, OR. Born in 1917 adjacent to the snow- capped peaks of Mount Hood in Parkdale, Kate spent most of her life in awe of the natural beauty that sur-rounded her. Kate drew from that pas-sion as she worked to preserve many of Oregon’s most iconic outdoor spaces, eventually taking on many leadership roles in conservation groups at the State and national levels. 
Growing up with the wilderness of 
Mount Hood as her backyard, Kate learned the value of nature and the im-portance of protecting our natural treasures. By the time she was in high school, Kate and her younger sister Betty ran an outdoor recreation camp for girls on the family property that introduced those girls to the beauty of Mount Hood. Kate attended Reed Col-lege, Yale Nursing School, and the Uni-versity of Oregon Medical School. After earning her degrees and with new commercial development threatening the preservation of the Mount Hood wilderness, Kate began her lifelong campaign to preserve the lands she loved. 
In the mid-1970s, with development 
rapidly expanding into wild areas near Mount Hood, Kate and a group of Parkdale residents began a campaign to encourage county representatives to vote on zoning options. Thanks to her diligence and that of the other resi-dents, the county voted to protect agri-cultural zones. Agricultural zoning still protects farmland in the upper valley today. In 1977, Kate gathered a few friends and founded the Hood River Valley Residents Committee. The com-mittee grew to 1,200 members under Kate’s leadership and continues to pro-tect the natural spaces that are so unique to Oregon. 
A tireless advocate and conserva-
tionist, Kate was involved in a mul-titude of other conservation groups as 
well. She served as a member of the Or-egon Natural Resources Council, what is now Oregon Wild; the Board of the Oregon Environmental Council; and Friends of the Columbia Gorge. She was also a charter member of 1000 Friends of Oregon. To motivate still greater involvement by citizens in the protection of Mount Hood, Kate helped form Friends of Mount Hood, a non-profit organization dedicated to pro-tecting the alpine meadows, wetlands, wildlife, and forests of Mount Hood by working with the Forest Service and the Oregon congressional delegation. 
In 2002, Kate McCarthy was recog-
nized as a Women of Distinction hon-oree by the soroptimists of Hood River for making a difference in the lives of women and girls in her local commu-nity. She also received the highest award given by the Mazamas Moun-taineering Club, becoming only the 41st person given the top award since the club’s founding in 1894. For several years, Kate worked closely with local organizations, as well as my office, to protect the north side of Mount Hood and Cooper Spur from a massive des-tination resort in the Hood River Val-ley. After years of hard-fought battles, Congress passed the Mount Hood Wil-derness bill. The bill protects the more than 200,000 acres of wilderness and riv-ers in the Hood River Valley, an ac-complishment I am proud to have been a part of. 
Because of Kate’s lifetime of work to 
protect some of our most beautiful wetlands, forests, wildlife, and farms, she has given Oregonians and people from around the world opportunities to experience Oregon’s natural splendor for generations to come. Kate McCar-thy, a mother, grandmother, great grandmother, friend, and advocate of the natural beauty around her, de-serves the utmost appreciation for a life fully lived. I honor the prolific life and career of Kate Rodgers McCarthy and express my gratitude for her ever-lasting impact on our State and Na-tion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. KATHARINE 
BLODGETT GEBBIE 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I 
wish to pay tribute to Dr. Katharine Blodgett Gebbie, the past director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s—NIST—Physics Lab-oratory and its successor, the Physical Measurement Laboratory. On Decem-ber 10, 2015, the Precision Measurement Laboratory at NIST’s Boulder campus will be formally renamed in honor of Dr. Gebbie, the first time in more than 50 years that a major NIST building has been named for an individual. This incredible recognition underscores and celebrates Dr. Gebbie’s 45 years of serv-ice to NIST and her contributions on behalf of the scientific community and our Nation. 
At a time when a much smaller per-
centage of women were a part of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.039 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8304 December 2, 2015 
American workforce and pursued ad-
vanced academic degrees, Dr. Gebbie received an undergraduate degree in physics from Bryn Mawr. She went on to receive a B.S. in astronomy and a Ph.D. in physics from University Col-lege London. She began her career in 1966 by doing astrophysics research at the Joint Institute for Lab Physics— 
JILA—a cooperative enterprise be-tween the University of Colorado at Boulder and NIST. She later joined NIST as a physicist in 1968, working in the quantum physics division of JILA. 
Dr. Gebbie’s ascent into a leadership 
role began in 1981, when she was named as a scientific assistant at the National Measurement Laboratory. In 1983, she became a program analyst for then- NIST Director Ernest Ambler and his deputy, Ray Kammer. In 1985, Dr. Ambler appointed Dr. Gebbie as the chief of JILA’s quantum physics divi-sion, and in 1989, she was named as act-ing director of the new NIST Center for Atomic, Molecular, and Optical Phys-ics at NIST’s main facility, in Gai-thersburg, MD. 
From there, Dr. Gebbie’s responsibil-
ities only grew, reflecting her out-standing leadership, effective integra-tion of emerging technologies, and un-wavering dedication to the team of sci-entists and engineers who served under her. In 1990, Dr. Gebbie was named as the founding director of NIST’s physics laboratory, which merged elements of five predecessor facilities based in Maryland and Colorado. Under her management, the NIST physics labora-tory flourished. Her extensive support for her staff in the form of increased funding, encouragement, and logistical support contributed to an overall envi-ronment of scientific freedom, cre-ativity, and innovation. The physics laboratory’s scientific advances under her directorship are too numerous to recount here. Chief among them were progress in atomic clock technology, nanotechnology, advanced research on ultra-cold matter, and Bose-Einstein condensation—all of which prompted developments in a variety of scientific fields and helped to further establish NIST’s status as ‘‘America’s labora-tory.’’ 
Out of this atmosphere, an impres-
sive four physicists in Dr. Gebbie’s or-ganizational unit—Bill Phillips, Jan Hall, Eric Cornell, and David Wineland—were awarded Nobel prizes between 1997 and 2012. Other scientists honored under her leadership include MacArthur Fellowship winners Debbie Jin and Ana Maria Rey and Inter-national Union of Pure & Applied Physics—IUPAP—Young Scientist Prize winners Till Rosenband, Ian Spielman, Jacob Taylor, and Gretchen Campbell. 
Among Dr. Gebbie’s greatest con-
tributions to the scientific community include her early promotion of the internet as a means of sharing sci-entific data at NIST through the lab-oratory’s Electronic Commerce in Sci-entific & Engineering Data program and her support of a broad range of 
NIST initiatives and external program-ming like the Center for Nanoscale Science & Technology and the Joint Quantum Institute, a research partner-ship between the University of Mary-land and NIST, founded in 2006. 
Perhaps the most enduring aspect of 
Dr. Gebbie’s legacy, however, will be the programs she pioneered to support diversity and her tireless efforts to pro-mote the inclusion of women and mi-norities in so-called STEM—science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics—fields around the country. In 1993, NIST implemented the Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowships— SURF—program, aimed at integrating under-represented minorities into the laboratory, allowing students to par-ticipate in the cutting-edge scientific and mathematical research at NIST. The program has since expanded to every NIST laboratory and is jointly funded by the National Science Foun-dation. 
For her contributions to the sci-
entific community and to the Nation, Dr. Gebbie has been recognized with numerous accolades, including the Women in Science & Engineering Life-time Achievement Award, the Presi-dential Rank Awards for Meritorious Senior Executives, the Partnership for Public Service’s Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Career Achieve-ment Award, the Women in Science & Engineering WISE Award, and two De-partment of Commerce gold medals. She also serves as a fellow of the Amer-ican Academy of Arts & Sciences, a fel-low of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, a fellow of the American Physical Society, a fellow of the Washington Academy of Sciences, and she previously partici-pated in the 2nd IUPAP International Conference on Women in Physics. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in sa-
luting Dr. Gebbie and in celebrating her legacy as one of the American sci-entific community’s trailblazers. Her work will undoubtedly open the doors for countless scientists to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW BROWN 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Matthew Brown for his hard work as an intern in my Cheyenne office. I recognize his ef-forts and contributions to my office. 
Matthew is from Laramie, WY, and a 
graduate of Laramie High School. He received a degree in history from the University of Wyoming. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Matthew for the 
dedication he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I 
know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS MAPES 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Thomas Mapes for his hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my of-fice as well as to the State of Wyo-ming. 
Thomas is a graduate of the Univer-
sity of Colorado, where he received a bachelor’s degree in economics. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Thomas for the dedi-
cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANDREW NEWBOLD 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Andrew Newbold for his hard work as an intern in my Rock Springs Office. I recognize his ef-forts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Andrew resides in Rock Springs, WY, 
and attends Western Wyoming Commu-nity College, where he is studying pub-lic administration. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Andrew for the dedi-
cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ADAM STAHL 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Adam Stahl for his hard work as an intern in my Republican Policy Committee office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office. 
Adam is from Guilford, CT, and a 
graduate of the University of Roch-ester, where he majored in history. He recently received a Master of Philos-ophy, Russian, and East European Studies degree from the University of Oxford. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an in-valuable asset to our office. The qual-ity of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.073 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8305 December 2, 2015 
I want to thank Adam for the dedica-
tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HAYDEN TRUE 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Hayden True for his hard work as an intern in my Casper office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Hayden is a native of Casper, WY. He 
currently attends Casper College, where he is studying science and medi-cine. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an in-valuable asset to our office. The qual-ity of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Hayden for the dedi-
cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALYSSA VOLLMER 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Alyssa Vollmer for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Alyssa is a native of Hanna, WY, and 
a graduate of Hanna-Elk Mountain Junior/Senior High School. She cur-rently attends Casper College, where she is studying political science. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Alyssa for the dedi-
cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CORPORAL WILLIAM 
B. SMOAK 
∑Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, today 
I would like to honor one of our Lowcountry World War II veterans, 96- year-old, CPL William B. Smoak. After the war, he was awarded multiple med-als for his unmatched bravery on the field of battle. 
Corporal Smoak was a radio control 
operator during the war who called in multiple airstrikes on the frontlines. His commanding officer told him that he was the only one of the radio con-trollers who seemed to be able to keep the radio on the air and thus call in more strikes; and because of this, Cor-
poral Smoak risked his life by volun-teering to go to the frontlines daily rather than switching out with the other radio controllers—which is con-sidered by all above and beyond the call of duty. 
In and out of the hospital battling 
malaria during the war and back in the States, he found out his commanding officer had put in for him to receive the Bronze Star. He was also awarded the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal, the World War II Victory Medal, the Phil-ippine Liberation Ribbon, the Good Conduct Medal, the Honorable Service Button WWII, the marksman badge, and the carbine bar. 
It is with pride and honor that we 
recognize William B. Smoak and add his legacy to the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD . We will never forget his sac-
rifice. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN MOORE, JR. 
∑Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, today 
I wish to acknowledge and honor the outstanding work of Mr. John R. Moore, Jr., of Anderson, SC, for his positive impact on the city. Through-out his over 30 years of exceptional duty, Mr. Moore has greatly enhanced the operations of the city through his hard work and dedication. 
John began his journey as a city em-
ployee in 1976 and has gone above and beyond the call of duty since then to be a positive addition to city leadership. Displaying a genuine passion to work toward improving the lives of Anderson citizens, John has dedicated much of his career to public service. Appointed to city finance director in 1983 and then to city manager in 1991, Mr. Moore has continually done his due diligence to produce great results. Mr. Moore has taken an active interest in the welfare of the community through his roles in the chamber of commerce, local YMCA, United Way, and other public service organizations. 
I acknowledge with pleasure the leg-
acy of service Mr. John R. Moore will be retiring with and thank him for his efforts that will undoubtedly benefit the citizens of Anderson for years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:54 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill and joint resolutions, without amendment: 
S. 1170. An act to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S.J. Res. 23. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating 
Units’’. 
S.J. Res. 24. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emis-sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4127. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) reported that he had signed the 
following enrolled bill, which was pre-viously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 427. An act to amend chapter 8 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law. 
The following bill was read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 4127. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, December 2, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with amendments: 
S. 2139. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for the procurement of covered contracts. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.061 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8306 December 2, 2015 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
S. 2340. A bill to require the Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software li-censes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. R EED, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
LEAHY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. 
MIKULSKI , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 2341. A bill to designate a portion of the 
Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as wilder-ness; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHUMER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2342. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to make pre-mium and cost-sharing subsidies available to low-income Medicare part D beneficiaries who reside in Puerto Rico or another terri-tory of the United States; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
P
ETERS ): 
S. 2343. A bill to require the Center for 
Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to test the effect of including telehealth services in Medicare health care delivery reform mod-els; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. COTTON: 
S. 2344. A bill to provide authority for ac-
cess to certain business records collected under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 prior to November 29, 2015, to make the authority for roving surveillance, the authority to treat individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers, and title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 permanent, and to modify the certifi-cation requirements for access to telephone toll and transactional records by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, Mr. S COTT, Mr. E NZI, Mr. G RASS -
LEY, and Mr. H ELLER ): 
S. 2345. A bill to establish an expedited 
process for removal of senior executives of the Internal Revenue Service based on per-formance or misconduct; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. NELSON: 
S. 2346. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to temporarily allow ex-pensing of certain costs of replanting citrus plants lost by reason of casualty; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Ms. 
BALDWIN ): 
S. Res. 324. A resolution designating De-
cember 3, 2015, as ‘‘National Phenyl-ketonuria Awareness Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. Res. 325. A resolution permitting the 
collection of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings; con-sidered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 170, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA program, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 542 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 542, a bill to enhance the homeland security of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 551 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 551, a bill to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney Gen-eral to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dan-gerous terrorists. 
S. 579 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 579, a bill to amend the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and co-ordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 737 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 737, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to ex-tend the application of the Medicare 
payment rate floor to primary care services furnished under Medicaid and to apply the rate floor to additional providers of primary care services. 
S. 786 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 786, a bill to provide paid and family medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to 
toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1133 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1133, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to ar-bitration. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1539, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program. 
S. 1832 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1832, a bill to provide for increases in the Federal minimum wage. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1874, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting rep-resentation by a labor organization. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1928 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1928, a bill to support the edu-cation of Indian children. 
S. 1935 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1935, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to undertake cer-tain activities to support waterfront 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.013 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8307 December 2, 2015 
community revitalization and resil-
iency. 
S. 2051 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Missouri 
(Mrs. M CCASKILL ) and the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2051, a bill to improve, sustain, and transform the United States Postal Service. 
S. 2163 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2163, a bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Transportation to require that broadband conduits be installed as a part of certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes. 
S. 2178 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2178, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to make per-manent certain provisions of the Heartland, Habitat, Harvest, and Horti-culture Act of 2008 relating to timber, and for other purposes. 
S. 2203 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2203, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make residents of Puerto Rico eligible for the earned in-come tax credit and to provide equi-table treatment for residents of Puerto Rico with respect to the refundable portion of the child tax credit. 
S. 2230 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 2230, a bill to require the Secretary of State to submit a report to Congress on the des-ignation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a foreign terrorist organization, and for other purposes. 
S. 2232 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2232, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2235, a bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 
S. 2243 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2243, a bill to amend the fresh fruit and vegetable program under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to include canned, dried, frozen, or pureed fruits and vege-
tables. 
S. 2311 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 2311, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Adminis-trator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression. 
S. 2337 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 2337, a bill to im-prove homeland security by enhancing the requirements for participation in the Visa Waiver Program, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELL-
ER) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 
148, a resolution condemning the Gov-ernment of Iran’s state-sponsored per-secution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 324—DESIG-
NATING DECEMBER 3, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL PHENYLKETONURIA AWARENESS DAY’’ 
Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Ms. 
B
ALDWIN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 324 
Whereas phenylketonuria is a rare, inher-
ited metabolic disorder that is characterized by the inability of the body to process the essential amino acid phenylalanine and which causes intellectual disability and other neurological problems, such as mem-ory loss and mood disorders, when treatment is not started within the first few weeks of life; 
Whereas phenylketonuria is also referred 
to as ‘‘PKU’’ or Phenylalanine Hydroxylase Deficiency; 
Whereas newborn screening for PKU was 
initiated in the United States in 1963 and was recommended for inclusion in State newborn screening programs under the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–204); 
Whereas approximately 1 out of every 
15,000 infants in the United States is born with PKU; 
Whereas PKU is treated with medical food; Whereas the 2012 Phenylketonuria Sci-
entific Review Conference affirmed the rec-ommendation of lifelong dietary treatment for PKU made by the National Institutes of Health Consensus Development Conference Statement 2000; 
Whereas in 2014, the American College of 
Medical Genetics and Genomics and Genetic Metabolic Dieticians International published medical and dietary guidelines on the opti-mal treatment of PKU; Whereas medical foods are medically nec-
essary for children and adults living with PKU; 
Whereas adults with PKU who discontinue 
treatment are at risk for serious medical issues such as depression, impulse control disorder, phobias, tremors, and pareses; 
Whereas women with PKU must maintain 
strict metabolic control before and during pregnancy to prevent fetal damage; 
Whereas children born from untreated 
mothers with PKU may have a condition known as ‘‘maternal phenylketonuria syn-drome’’, which can cause small brains, intel-lectual disabilities, birth defects of the heart, and low birth weights; 
Whereas although there is no cure for 
PKU, treatment involving medical foods, medications, and restriction of phenylalanine intake can prevent progres-sive, irreversible brain damage; 
Whereas access to health insurance cov-
erage for medical food varies across the United States and the long-term costs asso-ciated with caring for untreated children and adults with PKU far exceed the cost of pro-viding medical food treatment; 
Whereas gaps in medical foods coverage 
have a detrimental impact on individuals with PKU, their families, and society; 
Whereas scientists and researchers are 
hopeful that breakthroughs in PKU research will be forthcoming; 
Whereas researchers across the United 
States are conducting important research projects involving PKU; and 
Whereas the Senate is an institution that 
can raise awareness of PKU among the gen-eral public and the medical community: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates December 3, 2015, as ‘‘Na-
tional Phenylketonuria Awareness Day’’; 
(2) encourages all people in the United 
States to become more informed about phenylketonuria and the role of medical foods in treating phenylketonuria; and 
(3) respectfully requests that the Secretary 
of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the National PKU Alliance, a non-profit organization dedicated to improving the lives of individuals with phenyl-ketonuria. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 325—PERMIT-
TING THE COLLECTION OF CLOTHING, TOYS, FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLI-DAY SEASON FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS 
Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 325 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. COLLECTION OF CLOTHING, TOYS, 
FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLIDAY SEASON FOR CHARI-TABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of the rules or regulations of the Senate— 
(1) a Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-
ployee of the Senate may collect from an-other Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate within Senate buildings nonmonetary donations of clothing, toys, food, and housewares for charitable purposes related to serving persons in need or mem-bers of the Armed Forces and the families of those members during the holiday season, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.015 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8308 December 2, 2015 
the charitable purposes do not otherwise vio-
late any rule or regulation of the Senate or of Federal law; and 
(2) a Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-
ployee of the Senate may work with a non-profit organization with respect to the deliv-ery of donations described under paragraph (1). 
(b) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided 
by this resolution shall expire at the end of the first session of the 114th Congress. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2875. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and 
Mr. G ARDNER ) proposed an amendment to 
amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for rec-
onciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2016. 
SA 2876. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
W
YDEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. C OONS , and Ms. S TABENOW ) proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2874 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
3762, supra. 
SA 2877. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2878. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. 
C
OATS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2879. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2880. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2881. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
R
EED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. S ANDERS ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2882. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2883. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. 
HIRONO ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2884. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2885. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2886. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2887. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2888. Mr. COATS (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2889. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2890. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
bill H.R. 3762, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2875. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself 
and Mr. G ARDNER ) proposed an amend-
ment to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, 
to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. AMENDMENT TO THE PATIENT PRO-
TECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part 2 of subtitle C of 
title I of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18011 et seq.) is amended by striking section 1251 and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1251. FREEDOM TO MAINTAIN EXISTING 
COVERAGE. 
‘‘(a) N OCHANGES TO EXISTING COVERAGE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act (or 
an amendment made by this Act) shall be construed to require that an individual ter-minate coverage under a group health plan or health insurance coverage in which such individual was enrolled during any part of the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2013. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTINUATION OF COVERAGE .—With re-
spect to a group health plan or health insur-ance coverage in which an individual was en-rolled during any part of the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2013, this sub-title and subtitle A (and the amendments made by such subtitles) shall not apply to such plan or coverage, regardless of whether the individual renews such coverage. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOWANCE FOR FAMILY MEMBERS TO 
JOINCURRENT COVERAGE .—With respect to a 
group health plan or health insurance cov-erage in which an individual was enrolled during any part of the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2013, and which is renewed, family members of such individual shall be permitted to enroll in such plan or coverage if such enrollment is permitted under the terms of the plan in effect as of such date of enrollment. 
‘‘(c) A
LLOWANCE FOR NEWEMPLOYEES TO 
JOINCURRENT PLAN.—A group health plan 
that provides coverage during any part of the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2013, may provide for the enrolling of new employees (and their families) in such plan, and this subtitle and subtitle A (and the amendments made by such subtitles) shall not apply with respect to such plan and such new employees (and their families). 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT ON COLLECTIVE BARGAINING  
AGREEMENTS .—In the case of health insur-
ance coverage maintained pursuant to one or more collective bargaining agreements be-tween employee representatives and one or more employers that was ratified before De-cember 31, 2013, the provisions of this sub-title and subtitle A (and the amendments made by such subtitles) shall not apply until the date on which the last of the collective bargaining agreements relating to the cov-
erage terminates. Any coverage amendment made pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement relating to the coverage which amends the coverage solely to conform to any requirement added by this subtitle or subtitle A (or amendments) shall not be treated as a termination of such collective bargaining agreement. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITION .—In this title, the term 
‘grandfathered health plan’ means any group health plan or health insurance coverage to which this section applies.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148). 
SA 2876. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Mr. W YDEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C OONS , and Ms. S TA-
BENOW ) proposed an amendment to 
amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
Strike section 101 and insert the following: 
SEC. 101. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) comprehensive access to reproductive 
health care is critical to improving the health and well-being of women and their families and is an essential part of their eco-nomic security; 
(2) access to affordable contraceptives, in-
cluding emergency contraceptives, and medi-cally accurate information prevents unin-tended pregnancies, thereby improving the health of women, children, families, and so-ciety as a whole; 
(3) it is imperative that women have access 
to the full range of reproductive health care services; 
(4) women’s health care providers, includ-
ing Planned Parenthood, provide critical services such as birth control, cancer screenings, and other services, to millions of men and women across the United States; and 
(5) all women and men should be able to ac-
cess health care services without fear or in-timidation or threat of violence. 
SEC. 101A. WOMEN’S HEALTH CARE AND CLINIC 
SECURITY AND SAFETY FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et. seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1941 the following new section: 
‘‘
WOMEN ’S HEALTH CARE AND CLINIC SECURITY  
AND SAFETY FUND  
‘‘SEC. 1941A. (a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish under this title a Women’s Health Care and Clinic Security and Safety Fund (in this section referred to as the ‘Fund’) which shall be available to the Secretary for the purpose of making payments to women’s health clinics or providers for the provision of eligible services to individuals described in subsection (b) and for expenditures of women’s health clinics or providers that are attributable to ensuring the security and safety of such clinics or providers and of their staff and patients. Payments made from the Fund to women’s health clinics or providers for eligible services or for security and safety expenditures shall be in addition to any payments that would otherwise be made to any such clinics or providers for such services or expenditures. 
‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall 
coordinate with the National Task Force on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.017 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8309 December 2, 2015 
Violence Against Health Care Providers es-
tablished by the Attorney General for pur-poses of submitting an annual report to Con-gress on violence against women’s health clinics or providers, including violence against the facilities, staff, and patients of such clinics or providers, and shall identify in the report best practices for ensuring the security and safety of such clinics and pro-viders and their facilities, staff, and pa-tients. 
‘‘(b) I
NDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .—For purposes 
of subsection (a), individuals described in this subsection are any of the following: 
‘‘(1) Any individual who is eligible for med-
ical assistance under a State plan under this title or a waiver of such plan. 
‘‘(2) Any individual who does not have 
health insurance coverage. 
‘‘(3) Any individual who has health insur-
ance coverage but is under insured, or who is otherwise determined by a women’s health clinic or provider to need services. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE SERVICES .—The term ‘eligible 
services’ means any health care item or serv-ice for which medical assistance is available under any State plan under this title or under any waiver of any State plan that is in effect on the date of enactment of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(2) W
OMEN ’S HEALTH CLINIC OR PROVIDER  
DEFINED .—The term ‘women’s health clinic 
or provider’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics that, as of the date of enactment of this section— 
‘‘(A) is an organization described in section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; 
‘‘(B) is an essential community provider 
described in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on such date of enactment), that is primarily en-gaged in family planning services, reproduc-tive health, and related medical care; and 
‘‘(C) provides for abortions, other than an 
abortion— 
‘‘(i) if the pregnancy is the result of an act 
of rape or incest; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case where a woman suffers 
from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, in-cluding a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS , DETERMINATION OF PAY-
MENT AMOUNTS , ADVANCE PAYMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Secretary shall establish a process under which a women’s health provider may request payments from the Fund. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF PAYMENT AMOUNTS ; 
ADVANCE PAYMENT ; RETROSPECTIVE ADJUST -
MENT .—As part of the process established 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall es-tablish procedures for— 
‘‘(A) ensuring that amounts available for 
making payments from the Fund are equi-tably distributed among all the women’s health clinics or providers that apply for such payments for a fiscal year; 
‘‘(B) making payments under this section 
for each quarter of a fiscal year on the basis of advance estimates of expenditures sub-mitted by women’s health clinics or pro-viders for such payments and such other in-vestigation as the Secretary may find nec-essary; and 
‘‘(C) making reductions or increases in the 
payments as necessary to adjust for any overpayment or underpayment for prior quarters of such fiscal year. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be available 
to the Fund, for expenditures from the Fund, $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—Amounts in the 
Fund shall be available in advance of appro-priations but only if the total amount obli-gated from the Fund does not exceed the amount available to the Fund under para-graph (1). The Secretary may obligate funds from the Fund only if the Secretary deter-mines (and the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and the ap-propriate budget officer certify) that there are available in the Fund sufficient amounts to cover all such obligations incurred con-sistent with the previous sentence.’’. 
SEC. 101B. FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. ‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SA 2877. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. HEALTH CARE COMPACT PILOT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, shall estab-lish a pilot program to permit at least 5 States to enter into the health care compact described in subsection (d). 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to partici-
pate in the pilot program established under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.020 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8310 December 2, 2015 
subsection (a), a State shall certify to the 
Secretary, that— 
(1) the State has, in a manner consistent 
with that State’s constitution, joined the Health Care Compact on or before January 1, 2017; 
(2) all funds transferred to the State under 
subsection (f)(5) will be expended only on health care as defined in subsection (f)(1)(D); and 
(3) the State has appointed a member to 
the Interstate Advisory Health Care Com-mission established under subsection (f)(6). 
(c) E
XCLUSIONS TO COMPACT CONSENT .—Not-
withstanding the consent to the Health Care Compact granted under this section, the powers granted to member States under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (f) (the Health Care Compact) shall not apply with regard to the agencies described in sub-section (d), and the Member State Base Funding Level and Member State Current Year Funding Level shall not include funds expended by such agencies. 
(d) E
XCLUDED AGENCIES .—The agencies de-
scribed in this subsection are— 
(1) the National Institutes for Health; (2) the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention; and 
(3) the Food and Drug Administration. (e) R
EQUEST FOR APPLICATIONS AND AN-
NOUNCEMENT OF DETERMINATIONS .— 
(1) A PPLICATIONS .—Not later than January 
1, 2017, the Secretary shall publish a request for applications to participate in the pro-gram established under subsection (a). The period for accepting such applications shall close on June 30, 2017. 
(2) D
ETERMINATIONS .—Not later than De-
cember 31, 2017, the Secretary shall notify States submitting applications under para-graph (1) of the determinations of the Sec-retary with respect to such applications. 
(f) H
EALTH CARE COMPACT .—The health 
care compact described in this subsection is as follows: 
(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Interstate Advisory Health Care Commission established under paragraph (6). 
(B) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘‘Compact’’ means 
the Compact described in this subsection that is entered into by a State under the pro-gram established under subsection (a). 
(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The term ‘‘effective 
date’’ means the date upon which this Com-pact shall become effective for purposes of the operation of State and Federal law in a Member State, which shall be the later of— 
(i) the date upon which this Compact shall 
be adopted under the laws of the Member State; or 
(ii) the date upon which this Compact re-
ceives the consent of Congress pursuant to Article I, Section 10, of the United States Constitution, after at least two Member States adopt this Compact. 
(D) H
EALTH CARE .—The term ‘‘health care’’ 
means care, services, supplies, or plans re-lated to the health of an individual and in-cludes— 
(i) preventive, diagnostic, therapeutic, re-
habilitative, maintenance, or palliative care and counseling, service, assessment, or pro-cedure with respect to the physical or men-tal condition or functional status of an indi-vidual or that affects the structure or func-tion of the body; 
(ii) sale or dispensing of a drug, device, 
equipment, or other item in accordance with a prescription; and 
(iii) an individual or group plan that pro-
vides, or pays the cost of, care, services, or supplies related to the health of an indi-vidual; 
except any care, services, supplies, or plans 
provided by the Department of Defense and Department of Veteran Affairs, or provided 
to Native Americans. 
(E) M
EMBER STATE .—The term ‘‘member 
State’’ means a State that has— 
(i) an application for participation in the 
program established under subsection (a) ap-proved by the Secretary; and 
(ii) adopted the Compact under the laws of 
that State. 
(F) M
EMBER STATE BASE FUNDING LEVEL .— 
The term ‘‘member State base funding level’’ means a number equal to the total Federal spending on health care in the member State during Federal fiscal year 2010. On or before the effective date, each member State shall determine the member State base funding level for its State, and that number shall be binding upon that member State. 
(G) M
EMBER STATE CURRENT YEAR FUNDING  
LEVEL .—The term ‘‘member State current 
year funding level’’ with respect to a mem-ber State, means the member State base funding level multiplied by the member State current year population adjustment factor multiplied by the current year infla-tion adjustment factor for the State. 
(H) M
EMBER STATE CURRENT YEAR POPU -
LATION ADJUSTMENT FACTOR .—The term 
‘‘member State current year population ad-justment factor’’ with respect to a member State, means the average population of the member State in the current year less the average population of the member State in Federal fiscal year 2010, divided by the aver-age population of the member State in Fed-eral fiscal year 2010, plus 1. The average pop-ulation in a member State shall be deter-mined by the United States Census Bureau. 
(I) C
URRENT YEAR INFLATION ADJUSTMENT  
FACTOR .—The term ‘‘current year inflation 
adjustment factor’’ means the total gross do-mestic product deflator in the current year divided by the total gross domestic product deflator in Federal fiscal year 2010. The total gross domestic product deflator shall be de-termined by the Bureau of Economic Anal-ysis of the Department of Commerce. 
(2) P
LEDGE .—The member States shall take 
joint and separate action under this Compact to return the authority to regulate health care to the member States consistent with the goals and principles articulated in this Compact. The member States shall improve health care policy within their respective ju-risdictions and according to the judgment and discretion of each of the member States. 
(3) L
EGISLATIVE POWER .—The legislatures 
of the member States have the primary re-sponsibility to regulate health care in their respective States under the Compact. 
(4) S
TATE CONTROL .—Each member State, 
within its State, may suspend by legislation the operation of all Federal laws, rules, regu-lations, and orders regarding health care that are inconsistent with the laws and regu-lations adopted by the member State pursu-ant to this Compact. Federal and State laws, rules, regulations, and orders regarding health care shall remain in effect unless a member State expressly suspends such laws, rules, regulations and orders pursuant to the authority provided under this Compact. For any Federal law, rule, regulation, or order that remains in effect in a member State under this paragraph after the effective date, that member State shall be responsible for the associated funding obligations in its State. 
(5) F
UNDING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each Federal fiscal year, 
each member State shall have the right to Federal funds up to an amount equal to its member State current year funding level for that Federal fiscal year, provided by Con-gress as mandatory spending and not subject to annual appropriation, to support the exer-cise of member State authority under this Compact. Such funding shall not be condi-tional on any action of or regulation, policy, 
law, or rule being adopted by the member State. 
(B) I
NITIAL FUNDING LEVEL .—By the begin-
ning of each Federal fiscal year, Congress shall establish an initial member State cur-rent year funding level for each member State, based upon reasonable estimates. The final member State current year funding level shall be calculated, and funding shall be reconciled by Congress based upon infor-mation provided by each member State and audited by the Government Accountability Office. 
(6) I
NTERSTATE ADVISORY HEALTH CARE COM -
MISSION .— 
(A) E STABLISHMENT .—There shall be estab-
lished by the members States an Interstate Advisory Health Care Commission to be com-posed of members appointed by each member State through a process to be determined by each member State. A member State may not appoint more than two members to the Commission and may withdraw membership from the Commission at any time. Each Commission member shall be entitled to one vote. The Commission shall not act unless a majority of the members are present, and no action shall be binding unless approved by a majority of the Commission’s total member-ship. 
(B) C
HAIRPERSON ; BYLAWS ; MEETINGS .—The 
Commission shall elect from among its mem-bership a Chairperson. The Commission may adopt and publish bylaws and policies that are not inconsistent with the Compact. The Commission shall meet at least once a year, and may meet more frequently. 
(C) S
TUDIES AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—The 
Commission may study issues of health care regulation that are of particular concern to the member States. The Commission may make non-binding recommendations to the member States. The legislatures of the mem-ber States may consider such recommenda-tions in determining the appropriate health care policies in their respective States. 
(D) I
NFORMATION AND DATA .—The Commis-
sion shall collect information and data to as-sist the member States in their regulation of health care, including assessing the perform-
ance of various State health care programs and compiling information on the prices of health care. The Commission shall make this information and data available to the legis-latures of the member States. Notwith-standing any other provision in the Com-pact, no member State shall disclose to the Commission the individually identifiable health information of any individual, nor shall the Commission disclose any such health information of any individual. 
(E) F
UNDING .—The Commission shall be 
funded by the member States as agreed to by the member States. The Commission shall have the responsibilities and duties as may be conferred upon it by subsequent action of the respective legislatures of the member States in accordance with the terms of the Compact. 
(F) L
IMITATION .—The Commission shall not 
take any action within a member State that contravenes any State law of that member State. 
SA 2878. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself 
and Mr. C OATS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.020 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8311 December 2, 2015 
SEC. lll . REPEAL OF INCREASE IN MINIMUM 
DEDUCTION FOR MEDICAL, DENTAL, ETC., EXPENSES. 
(a) A LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION .—Subsection 
(a) of section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘10 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘7.5 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SA 2879. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXPEDITED REPAYMENT OF LOANS BY 
CO-OPS. 
Section 1322(b)(3) of the Patient Protection 
and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18042(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘loans shall’’ and all that follows through ‘‘15 years’’ and insert-ing ‘‘loans and grants shall be repaid within 5 years’’. 
SA 2880. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. LIMITATION ON CONSIDERING CER-
TAIN OBLIGATIONS IN THE SETTING OF PREMIUMS. 
A person that has received a loan under 
section 1322(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18042(b)) shall not take into consideration any payments made or received under sections 1341 and 1342 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 18061 and 18062) in their business plans in setting the premium amounts for enrollment in health insurance coverage offered by such person. 
SA 2881. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, 
Mr. R EED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. 
SANDERS ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— ‘‘(A) the entity completes after May 8, 2014, 
the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on May 8, 2014, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before May 9, 2014,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after May 8, 2014. 
SA 2882. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5, beginning with line 24, strike 
through page 6, line 3. 
SA 2883. Mr. BROWN (for himself, 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W YDEN , 
and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. 
MCCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 107. FMAP FOR THE MEDICAID EXPANSION 
POPULATION. 
Section 1905(y)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(y)(1)) is amended by striking the semicolon after ‘‘2016’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 108. FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME TAX-
PAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.021 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8312 December 2, 2015 
itemize deductions for the taxable year, the 
modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 109. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EX-
CESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  
LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(b) E
XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— 
‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or 
‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  
FORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each 
place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each 
place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. 
(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-
tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall 
not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. 
(e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended 
by striking subparagraph (H). 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 110. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 
percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after May 8, 2014, 
the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on May 8, 2014, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before May 9, 2014,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after May 8, 2014. 
SA 2884. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.022 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8313 December 2, 2015 
which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SAFE AND AFFORDABLE DRUGS 
FROM CANADA. 
Chapter VIII of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 810. IMPORTATION BY INDIVIDUALS OF 
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS FROM CAN-ADA. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall promulgate regula-tions permitting individuals to safely import into the United States a prescription drug described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) P
RESCRIPTION DRUG.—A prescription 
drug described in this subsection— 
‘‘(1) is a prescription drug that— ‘‘(A) is purchased from an approved Cana-
dian pharmacy; 
‘‘(B) is dispensed by a pharmacist licensed 
to practice pharmacy and dispense prescrip-tion drugs in Canada; 
‘‘(C) is purchased for personal use by the 
individual, not for resale, in quantities that do not exceed a 90-day supply; 
‘‘(D) is filled using a valid prescription 
issued by a physician licensed to practice in a State in the United States; and 
‘‘(E) has the same active ingredient or in-
gredients, route of administration, dosage form, and strength as a prescription drug ap-proved by the Secretary under chapter V; and 
‘‘(2) does not include— ‘‘(A) a controlled substance (as defined in 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)); 
‘‘(B) a biological product (as defined in sec-
tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262)); 
‘‘(C) an infused drug (including a peri-
toneal dialysis solution); 
‘‘(D) an intravenously injected drug; ‘‘(E) a drug that is inhaled during surgery; ‘‘(F) a parenteral drug; ‘‘(G) a drug manufactured through 1 or 
more biotechnology processes, including— 
‘‘(i) a therapeutic DNA plasmid product; ‘‘(ii) a therapeutic synthetic peptide prod-
uct of not more than 40 amino acids; 
‘‘(iii) a monoclonal antibody product for in 
vivo use; and 
‘‘(iv) a therapeutic recombinant DNA-de-
rived product; 
‘‘(H) a drug required to be refrigerated at 
any time during manufacturing, packing, processing, or holding; or 
‘‘(I) a photoreactive drug. 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVED CANADIAN PHARMACY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, an ap-
proved Canadian pharmacy is a pharmacy that— 
‘‘(A) is located in Canada; and ‘‘(B) that the Secretary certifies— ‘‘(i) is licensed to operate and dispense pre-
scription drugs to individuals in Canada; and 
‘‘(ii) meets the criteria under paragraph 
(3). 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION OF APPROVED CANADIAN  
PHARMACIES .—The Secretary shall publish on 
the Internet Web site of the Food and Drug Administration a list of approved Canadian pharmacies, including the Internet Web site address of each such approved Canadian pharmacy, from which individuals may pur-chase prescription drugs in accordance with subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL CRITERIA .—To be an ap-
proved Canadian pharmacy, the Secretary shall certify that the pharmacy— 
‘‘(A) has been in existence for a period of at 
least 5 years preceding the date of such cer-tification and has a purpose other than to 
participate in the program established under this section; 
‘‘(B) operates in accordance with pharmacy 
standards set forth by the provincial phar-macy rules and regulations enacted in Can-ada; 
‘‘(C) has processes established by the phar-
macy, or participates in another established process, to certify that the physical premises and data reporting procedures and licenses are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and has implemented poli-cies designed to monitor ongoing compliance with such laws and regulations; 
‘‘(D) conducts or commits to participate in 
ongoing and comprehensive quality assur-ance programs and implements such quality assurance measures, including blind testing, to ensure the veracity and reliability of the findings of the quality assurance program; 
‘‘(E) agrees that laboratories approved by 
the Secretary shall be used to conduct prod-uct testing to determine the safety and effi-cacy of sample pharmaceutical products; 
‘‘(F) has established, or will establish or 
participate in, a process for resolving griev-ances and will be held accountable for viola-tions of established guidelines and rules; 
‘‘(G) does not resell products from online 
pharmacies located outside Canada to cus-tomers in the United States; and 
‘‘(H) meets any other criteria established 
by the Secretary.’’. 
SA 2885. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. K IRK) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 101. 
SA 2886. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON FIREARM POSSES-
SION. 
Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(9), by inserting ‘‘or of 
a misdemeanor offense described in section 248(a) that involves force, the threat of force, or violent physical obstruction’’ before the period at the end; and 
(2) in subsection (g)(9), by inserting ‘‘or of 
a misdemeanor offense described in section 248(a) that involves force, the threat of force, or violent physical obstruction’’ before the comma at the end. 
SA 2887. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and 
Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. llll . FEDERAL PELL GRANTS. 
Section 401(b) of the Higher Education Act 
of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘The 
amount’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (8), the amount’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) M
ANDATORY FUNDING FOR FISCAL YEARS  
2016 THROUGH 2020 .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2020, there are authorized to be appropriated, and there are appropriated $26,354,000,000 to carry out this section, which amount shall be increased for each of such fiscal years by a percentage equal to the percentage change in the Consumer Price Index (as determined by the Secretary, using the definition in section 478(f)) for the most recent calendar year ending prior to the be-ginning of that fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION OF DISCRETIONARY APPRO -
PRIATIONS .—No funds other than funds pro-
vided under subparagraph (A) shall be appro-priated to carry out this section for the pe-riod of fiscal years described in subparagraph (A).’’. 
SEC. lll . SPECIAL RULES FOR PARTNERS PRO-
VIDING INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES TO PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subchapter K of 
chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 710. SPECIAL RULES FOR PARTNERS PRO-
VIDING INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES TO PARTNERSHIPS. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT OF DISTRIBUTIVE SHARE OF  
PARTNERSHIP ITEMS .—For purposes of this 
title, in the case of an investment services partnership interest— 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
702(b)— 
‘‘(A) an amount equal to the net capital 
gain with respect to such interest for any partnership taxable year shall be treated as ordinary income, and 
‘‘(B) subject to the limitation of paragraph 
(2), an amount equal to the net capital loss with respect to such interest for any part-nership taxable year shall be treated as an ordinary loss. 
‘‘(2) R
ECHARACTERIZATION OF LOSSES LIM -
ITED TO RECHARACTERIZED GAINS .—The 
amount treated as ordinary loss under para-graph (1)(B) for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the aggregate amount treated as ordi-
nary income under paragraph (1)(A) with re-spect to the investment services partnership interest for all preceding partnership taxable years to which this section applies, over 
‘‘(B) the aggregate amount treated as ordi-
nary loss under paragraph (1)(B) with respect to such interest for all preceding partnership taxable years to which this section applies. 
‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION TO ITEMS OF GAIN AND  
LOSS.— 
‘‘(A) N ET CAPITAL GAIN .—The amount treat-
ed as ordinary income under paragraph (1)(A) shall be allocated ratably among the items of long-term capital gain taken into account in determining such net capital gain. 
‘‘(B) N
ET CAPITAL LOSS .—The amount 
treated as ordinary loss under paragraph (1)(B) shall be allocated ratably among the items of long-term capital loss and short- term capital loss taken into account in de-termining such net capital loss. 
‘‘(4) T
ERMS RELATING TO CAPITAL GAINS AND  
LOSSES .—For purposes of this section— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Net capital gain, long- 
term capital gain, and long-term capital loss, with respect to any investment services partnership interest for any taxable year, shall be determined under section 1222, ex-cept that such section shall be applied— 
‘‘(i) without regard to the recharacteriza-
tion of any item as ordinary income or ordi-nary loss under this section, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.022 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8314 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(ii) by only taking into account items of 
gain and loss taken into account by the hold-er of such interest under section 702 (other than subsection (a)(9) thereof) with respect to such interest for such taxable year, and 
‘‘(iii) by treating property which is taken 
into account in determining gains and losses to which section 1231 applies as capital as-sets held for more than 1 year. 
‘‘(B) N
ET CAPITAL LOSS .—The term ‘net 
capital loss’ means the excess of the losses from sales or exchanges of capital assets over the gains from such sales or exchanges. Rules similar to the rules of clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall apply for purposes of the preceding sentence. 
‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DIVIDENDS .—Any 
dividend allocated with respect to any in-vestment services partnership interest shall not be treated as qualified dividend income for purposes of section 1(h). 
‘‘(6) S
PECIAL RULE FOR QUALIFIED SMALL  
BUSINESS STOCK .—Section 1202 shall not 
apply to any gain from the sale or exchange of qualified small business stock (as defined in section 1202(c)) allocated with respect to any investment services partnership inter-est. 
‘‘(b) D
ISPOSITIONS OF PARTNERSHIP INTER -
ESTS.— 
‘‘(1) G AIN.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any gain on the disposi-
tion of an investment services partnership interest shall be— 
‘‘(i) treated as ordinary income, and ‘‘(ii) recognized notwithstanding any other 
provision of this subtitle. 
‘‘(B) G
IFT AND TRANSFERS AT DEATH .—In 
the case of a disposition of an investment services partnership interest by gift or by reason of death of the taxpayer— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (A) shall not apply, ‘‘(ii) such interest shall be treated as an in-
vestment services partnership interest in the hands of the person acquiring such interest, and 
‘‘(iii) any amount that would have been 
treated as ordinary income under this sub-section had the decedent sold such interest immediately before death shall be treated as an item of income in respect of a decedent under section 691. 
‘‘(2) L
OSS.—Any loss on the disposition of 
an investment services partnership interest shall be treated as an ordinary loss to the ex-tent of the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the aggregate amount treated as ordi-
nary income under subsection (a) with re-spect to such interest for all partnership tax-able years to which this section applies, over 
‘‘(B) the aggregate amount treated as ordi-
nary loss under subsection (a) with respect to such interest for all partnership taxable years to which this section applies. 
‘‘(3) E
LECTION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN EX -
CHANGES .—Paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall not 
apply to the contribution of an investment services partnership interest to a partner-ship in exchange for an interest in such part-nership if— 
‘‘(A) the taxpayer makes an irrevocable 
election to treat the partnership interest re-ceived in the exchange as an investment services partnership interest, and 
‘‘(B) the taxpayer agrees to comply with 
such reporting and recordkeeping require-ments as the Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTIONS OF PARTNERSHIP PROP -
ERTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any dis-
tribution of property by a partnership with respect to any investment services partner-ship interest held by a partner, the partner receiving such property shall recognize gain equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(i) the fair market value of such property 
at the time of such distribution, over ‘‘(ii) the adjusted basis of such property in 
the hands of such partner (determined with-out regard to subparagraph (C)). 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF GAIN AS ORDINARY IN -
COME .—Any gain recognized by such partner 
under subparagraph (A) shall be treated as ordinary income to the same extent and in the same manner as the increase in such partner’s distributive share of the taxable in-come of the partnership would be treated under subsection (a) if, immediately prior to the distribution, the partnership had sold the distributed property at fair market value and all of the gain from such disposition were allocated to such partner. For purposes of applying subsection (a)(2), any gain treat-ed as ordinary income under this subpara-graph shall be treated as an amount treated as ordinary income under subsection (a)(1)(A). 
‘‘(C) A
DJUSTMENT OF BASIS .—In the case of 
a distribution to which subparagraph (A) ap-plies, the basis of the distributed property in the hands of the distributee partner shall be the fair market value of such property. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES WITH RESPECT TO MERG -
ERS, DIVISIONS , AND TECHNICAL TERMI -
NATIONS .—In the case of a taxpayer which 
satisfies requirements similar to the require-ments of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (3), this paragraph and paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall not apply to the distribution of a partnership interest if such distribution is in connection with a contribution (or deemed contribution) of any property of the partnership to which section 721 applies pur-suant to a transaction described in para-graph (1)(B) or (2) of section 708(b). 
‘‘(c) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP IN-
TEREST .—For purposes of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘investment 
services partnership interest’ means any in-terest in an investment partnership acquired or held by any person in connection with the conduct of a trade or business described in paragraph (2) by such person (or any person related to such person). An interest in an in-vestment partnership held by any person— 
‘‘(A) shall not be treated as an investment 
services partnership interest for any period before the first date on which it is so held in connection with such a trade or business, 
‘‘(B) shall not cease to be an investment 
services partnership interest merely because such person holds such interest other than in connection with such a trade or business, and 
‘‘(C) shall be treated as an investment 
services partnership interest if acquired from a related person in whose hands such interest was an investment services partner-ship interest. 
‘‘(2) B
USINESSES TO WHICH THIS SECTION AP -
PLIES .—A trade or business is described in 
this paragraph if such trade or business pri-marily involves the performance of any of the following services with respect to assets held (directly or indirectly) by one or more investment partnerships referred to in para-graph (1): 
‘‘(A) Advising as to the advisability of in-
vesting in, purchasing, or selling any speci-fied asset. 
‘‘(B) Managing, acquiring, or disposing of 
any specified asset. 
‘‘(C) Arranging financing with respect to 
acquiring specified assets. 
‘‘(D) Any activity in support of any service 
described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). 
‘‘(3) I
NVESTMENT PARTNERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘investment 
partnership’ means any partnership if, at the end of any two consecutive calendar quarters ending after the date of enactment of this section— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the assets of the 
partnership are specified assets (determined without regard to any section 197 intangible 
within the meaning of section 197(d)), and 
‘‘(ii) less than 75 percent of the capital of 
the partnership is attributable to qualified capital interests which constitute property held in connection with a trade or business of the owner of such interest. 
‘‘(B) L
OOK-THROUGH OF CERTAIN WHOLLY  
OWNED ENTITIES FOR PURPOSES OF DETER -
MINING ASSETS OF THE PARTNERSHIP .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-
mining the assets of a partnership under sub-paragraph (A)(i)— 
‘‘(I) any interest in a specified entity shall 
not be treated as an asset of such partner-ship, and 
‘‘(II) such partnership shall be treated as 
holding its proportionate share of each of the assets of such specified entity. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIED ENTITY .—For purposes of 
clause (i), the term ‘specified entity’ means, with respect to any partnership (hereafter referred to as the upper-tier partnership), any person which engages in the same trade or business as the upper-tier partnership and is— 
‘‘(I) a partnership all of the capital and 
profits interests of which are held directly or indirectly by the upper-tier partnership, or 
‘‘(II) a foreign corporation which does not 
engage in a trade or business in the United States and all of the stock of which is held directly or indirectly by the upper-tier part-nership. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DETERMINING IF  
PROPERTY HELD IN CONNECTION WITH TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by the Secretary, solely for purposes of determining whether any interest in a part-nership constitutes property held in connec-tion with a trade or business under subpara-graph (A)(ii)— 
‘‘(I) a trade or business of any person close-
ly related to the owner of such interest shall be treated as a trade or business of such owner, 
‘‘(II) such interest shall be treated as held 
by a person in connection with a trade or business during any taxable year if such in-terest was so held by such person during any 3 taxable years preceding such taxable year, and 
‘‘(III) paragraph (5)(B) shall not apply. ‘‘(ii) C
LOSELY RELATED PERSONS .—For pur-
poses of clause (i)(I), a person shall be treat-ed as closely related to another person if, taking into account the rules of section 267(c), the relationship between such persons is described in— 
‘‘(I) paragraph (1) or (9) of section 267(b), or 
‘‘(II) section 267(b)(4), but solely in the case 
of a trust with respect to which each current beneficiary is the grantor or a person whose relationship to the grantor is described in paragraph (1) or (9) of section 267(b). 
‘‘(D) A
NTIABUSE RULES .—The Secretary 
may issue regulations or other guidance which prevent the avoidance of the purposes of subparagraph (A), including regulations or other guidance which treat convertible and contingent debt (and other debt having the attributes of equity) as a capital interest in the partnership. 
‘‘(E) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS OF ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a con-
trolled group of entities, if an interest in the partnership received in exchange for a con-tribution to the capital of the partnership by any member of such controlled group would (in the hands of such member) constitute property held in connection with a trade or business, then any interest in such partner-ship held by any member of such group shall be treated for purposes of subparagraph (A) as constituting (in the hands of such mem-ber) property held in connection with a trade or business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.023 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8315 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(ii) C ONTROLLED GROUP OF ENTITIES .—For 
purposes of clause (i), the term ‘controlled group of entities’ means a controlled group of corporations as defined in section 1563(a)(1), applied without regard to sub-sections (a)(4) and (b)(2) of section 1563. A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of a controlled group of entities if such entity is controlled (within the meaning of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (includ-ing any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this sentence). 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CORPORATIONS .—For 
purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a corporation, the determination of whether property is held in connection with a trade or business shall be determined as if the tax-payer were an individual. 
‘‘(4) S
PECIFIED ASSET .—The term ‘specified 
asset’ means securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2) without regard to the last sentence thereof), real estate held for rental or invest-ment, interests in partnerships, commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)), cash or cash equivalents, or options or derivative con-tracts with respect to any of the foregoing. 
‘‘(5) R
ELATED PERSONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A person shall be treat-
ed as related to another person if the rela-tionship between such persons is described in section 267(b) or 707(b). 
‘‘(B) A
TTRIBUTION OF PARTNER SERVICES .— 
Any service described in paragraph (2) which is provided by a partner of a partnership shall be treated as also provided by such partnership. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CAPITAL IN-
TERESTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any por-
tion of an investment services partnership interest which is a qualified capital interest, all items of gain and loss (and any dividends) which are allocated to such qualified capital interest shall not be taken into account under subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(A) allocations of items are made by the 
partnership to such qualified capital interest in the same manner as such allocations are made to other qualified capital interests held by partners who do not provide any services described in subsection (c)(2) and who are not related to the partner holding 
the qualified capital interest, and 
‘‘(B) the allocations made to such other in-
terests are significant compared to the allo-cations made to such qualified capital inter-est. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE EXCEPTIONS TO  
ALLOCATION REQUIREMENTS .—To the extent 
provided by the Secretary in regulations or other guidance— 
‘‘(A) A
LLOCATIONS TO PORTION OF QUALIFIED  
CAPITAL INTEREST .—Paragraph (1) may be ap-
plied separately with respect to a portion of a qualified capital interest. 
‘‘(B) N
O OR INSIGNIFICANT ALLOCATIONS TO  
NONSERVICE PROVIDERS .—In any case in 
which the requirements of paragraph (1)(B) are not satisfied, items of gain and loss (and any dividends) shall not be taken into ac-count under subsection (a) to the extent that such items are properly allocable under such regulations or other guidance to qualified capital interests. 
‘‘(C) A
LLOCATIONS TO SERVICE PROVIDERS ’ 
QUALIFIED CAPITAL INTERESTS WHICH ARE LESS  
THAN OTHER ALLOCATIONS .—Allocations shall 
not be treated as failing to meet the require-ment of paragraph (1)(A) merely because the allocations to the qualified capital interest represent a lower return than the allocations made to the other qualified capital interests referred to in such paragraph. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CHANGES IN SERVICES  
AND CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS .—In the case of 
an interest in a partnership which was not an investment services partnership interest and which, by reason of a change in the serv-
ices with respect to assets held (directly or indirectly) by the partnership or by reason of a change in the capital contributions to such partnership, becomes an investment services partnership interest, the qualified capital in-terest of the holder of such partnership in-terest immediately after such change shall not, for purposes of this subsection, be less than the fair market value of such interest (determined immediately before such change). 
‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TIERED PARTNER -
SHIPS .—Except as otherwise provided by the 
Secretary, in the case of tiered partnerships, all items which are allocated in a manner which meets the requirements of paragraph (1) to qualified capital interests in a lower- tier partnership shall retain such character to the extent allocated on the basis of quali-fied capital interests in any upper-tier part-nership. 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR NO -SELF-CHARGED  
CARRY AND MANAGEMENT FEE PROVISIONS .— 
Except as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary, an interest shall not fail to be treat-ed as satisfying the requirement of para-graph (1)(A) merely because the allocations made by the partnership to such interest do not reflect the cost of services described in subsection (c)(2) which are provided (directly or indirectly) to the partnership by the hold-er of such interest (or a related person). 
‘‘(6) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DISPOSITIONS .—In 
the case of any investment services partner-ship interest any portion of which is a quali-fied capital interest, subsection (b) shall not apply to so much of any gain or loss as bears the same proportion to the entire amount of such gain or loss as— 
‘‘(A) the distributive share of gain or loss 
that would have been allocated to the quali-fied capital interest (consistent with the re-quirements of paragraph (1)) if the partner-ship had sold all of its assets at fair market value immediately before the disposition, bears to 
‘‘(B) the distributive share of gain or loss 
that would have been so allocated to the in-vestment services partnership interest of which such qualified capital interest is a part. 
‘‘(7) Q
UALIFIED CAPITAL INTEREST .—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified cap-
ital interest’ means so much of a partner’s interest in the capital of the partnership as is attributable to— 
‘‘(i) the fair market value of any money or 
other property contributed to the partner-ship in exchange for such interest (deter-
mined without regard to section 752(a)), 
‘‘(ii) any amounts which have been in-
cluded in gross income under section 83 with respect to the transfer of such interest, and 
‘‘(iii) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(I) any items of income and gain taken 
into account under section 702 with respect to such interest, over 
‘‘(II) any items of deduction and loss so 
taken into account. 
‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT TO QUALIFIED CAPITAL IN -
TEREST .— 
‘‘(i) D ISTRIBUTIONS AND LOSSES .—The quali-
fied capital interest shall be reduced by dis-tributions from the partnership with respect to such interest and by the excess (if any) of the amount described in subparagraph (A)(iii)(II) over the amount described in sub-paragraph (A)(iii)(I). 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CONTRIBUTIONS OF  
PROPERTY .—In the case of any contribution 
of property described in subparagraph (A)(i) with respect to which the fair market value of such property is not equal to the adjusted basis of such property immediately before such contribution, proper adjustments shall be made to the qualified capital interest to take into account such difference consistent 
with such regulations or other guidance as the Secretary may provide. 
‘‘(C) T
ECHNICAL TERMINATIONS , ETC., DIS-
REGARDED .—No increase or decrease in the 
qualified capital interest of any partner shall result from a termination, merger, con-solidation, or division described in section 708, or any similar transaction. 
‘‘(8) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN LOANS .— 
‘‘(A) P ROCEEDS OF PARTNERSHIP LOANS NOT  
TREATED AS QUALIFIED CAPITAL INTEREST OF  
SERVICE PROVIDING PARTNERS .—For purposes 
of this subsection, an investment services partnership interest shall not be treated as a qualified capital interest to the extent that such interest is acquired in connection with the proceeds of any loan or other advance made or guaranteed, directly or indirectly, by any other partner or the partnership (or any person related to any such other partner or the partnership). The preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent the loan or other advance is repaid before the date of the enactment of this section unless such repay-ment is made with the proceeds of a loan or other advance described in the preceding sentence. 
‘‘(B) R
EDUCTION IN ALLOCATIONS TO QUALI -
FIED CAPITAL INTERESTS FOR LOANS FROM NON -
SERVICE -PROVIDING PARTNERS TO THE PART -
NERSHIP .—For purposes of this subsection, 
any loan or other advance to the partnership made or guaranteed, directly or indirectly, by a partner not providing services described in subsection (c)(2) to the partnership (or any person related to such partner) shall be taken into account in determining the quali-fied capital interests of the partners in the partnership. 
‘‘(9) S
PECIAL RULE FOR QUALIFIED FAMILY  
PARTNERSHIPS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any speci-
fied family partnership interest, paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied without regard to the phrase ‘and who are not related to the part-ner holding the qualified capital interest’. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIFIED FAMILY PARTNERSHIP INTER -
EST.—For purposes of this paragraph, the 
term ‘specified family partnership interest’ means any investment services partnership interest if— 
‘‘(i) such interest is an interest in a quali-
fied family partnership, 
‘‘(ii) such interest is held by a natural per-
son or by a trust with respect to which each beneficiary is a grantor or a person whose re-lationship to the grantor is described in sec-tion 267(b)(1), and 
‘‘(iii) all other interests in such qualified 
family partnership with respect to which sig-nificant allocations are made (within the meaning of paragraph (1)(B) and in compari-son to the allocations made to the interest described in clause (ii)) are held by persons who— 
‘‘(I) are related to the natural person or 
trust referred to in clause (ii), or 
‘‘(II) provide services described in sub-
section (c)(2). 
‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED FAMILY PARTNERSHIP .—For 
purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘quali-fied family partnership’ means any partner-ship if— 
‘‘(i) all of the capital and profits interests 
of such partnership are held by— 
‘‘(I) specified family members, ‘‘(II) any person closely related (within the 
meaning of subsection (c)(3)(C)(ii)) to a spec-ified family member, or 
‘‘(III) any other person (not described in 
subclause (I) or (II)) if such interest is an in-vestment services partnership interest with respect to such person, and 
‘‘(ii) such partnership does not hold itself 
out to the public as an investment advisor. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIFIED FAMILY MEMBERS .—For pur-
poses of subparagraph (C), individuals shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.023 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8316 December 2, 2015 
be treated as specified family members if 
such individuals would be treated as one per-son under the rules of section 1361(c)(1) if the applicable date (within the meaning of sub-paragraph (B)(iii) thereof) were the latest of— 
‘‘(i) the date of the establishment of the 
partnership, 
‘‘(ii) the earliest date that the common an-
cestor holds a capital or profits interest in the partnership, or 
‘‘(iii) the date of the enactment of this sec-
tion. 
‘‘(e) O
THER INCOME AND GAIN IN CONNECTION  
WITHINVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If— 
‘‘(A) a person performs (directly or indi-
rectly) investment management services for any investment entity, 
‘‘(B) such person holds (directly or indi-
rectly) a disqualified interest with respect to such entity, and 
‘‘(C) the value of such interest (or pay-
ments thereunder) is substantially related to the amount of income or gain (whether or not realized) from the assets with respect to which the investment management services are performed, 
any income or gain with respect to such in-
terest shall be treated as ordinary income. Rules similar to the rules of subsections (a)(5) and (d) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
‘‘(A) D ISQUALIFIED INTEREST .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘disqualified 
interest’ means, with respect to any invest-ment entity— 
‘‘(I) any interest in such entity other than 
indebtedness, 
‘‘(II) convertible or contingent debt of such 
entity, 
‘‘(III) any option or other right to acquire 
property described in subclause (I) or (II), and 
‘‘(IV) any derivative instrument entered 
into (directly or indirectly) with such entity or any investor in such entity. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such term shall not in-
clude— 
‘‘(I) a partnership interest, ‘‘(II) except as provided by the Secretary, 
any interest in a taxable corporation, and 
‘‘(III) except as provided by the Secretary, 
stock in an S corporation. 
‘‘(B) T
AXABLE CORPORATION .—The term 
‘taxable corporation’ means— 
‘‘(i) a domestic C corporation, or ‘‘(ii) a foreign corporation substantially all 
of the income of which is— 
‘‘(I) effectively connected with the conduct 
of a trade or business in the United States, or 
‘‘(II) subject to a comprehensive foreign in-
come tax (as defined in section 457A(d)(2)). 
‘‘(C) I
NVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .— 
The term ‘investment management services’ means a substantial quantity of any of the services described in subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(D) I
NVESTMENT ENTITY .—The term ‘in-
vestment entity’ means any entity which, if it were a partnership, would be an invest-ment partnership. 
‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION FOR DOMESTIC C C ORPORA -
TIONS .—Except as otherwise provided by the 
Secretary, in the case of a domestic C cor-poration— 
‘‘(1) subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply 
to any item allocated to such corporation with respect to any investment services partnership interest (or to any gain or loss with respect to the disposition of such an in-terest), and 
‘‘(2) subsection (e) shall not apply. ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
prescribe such regulations or other guidance as is necessary or appropriate to carry out 
the purposes of this section, including regu-lations or other guidance to— 
‘‘(1) require such reporting and record-
keeping by any person in such manner and at such time as the Secretary may prescribe for purposes of enabling the partnership to meet the requirements of section 6031 with respect to any item described in section 702(a)(9), 
‘‘(2) provide modifications to the applica-
tion of this section (including treating re-lated persons as not related to one another) to the extent such modification is consistent with the purposes of this section, 
‘‘(3) prevent the avoidance of the purposes 
of this section (including through the use of qualified family partnerships), and 
‘‘(4) coordinate this section with the other 
provisions of this title. 
‘‘(h) C
ROSS REFERENCE .—For 40-percent 
penalty on certain underpayments due to the avoidance of this section, see section 6662.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 751 TOINDIRECT  
DISPOSITIONS OF INVESTMENT SERVICES PART-
NERSHIP INTERESTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
751 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (2), and by inserting after para-graph (2) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) investment services partnership inter-
ests held by the partnership,’’. 
(2) C
ERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS TREATED AS  
SALES OR EXCHANGES .—Subparagraph (A) of 
section 751(b)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii), and by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause: 
‘‘(iii) investment services partnership in-
terests held by the partnership,’’. 
(3) A
PPLICATION OF SPECIAL RULES IN THE  
CASE OF TIERED PARTNERSHIPS .—Subsection 
(f) of section 751 of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-
graph (1), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (2), and by inserting after para-graph (2) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) an investment services partnership in-
terest held by the partnership,’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘partner.’’ and inserting 
‘‘partner (other than a partnership in which it holds an investment services partnership interest).’’. 
(4) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP IN -
TERESTS ; QUALIFIED CAPITAL INTERESTS .—Sec-
tion 751 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP IN-
TERESTS .—For purposes of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘investment 
services partnership interest’ has the mean-ing given such term by section 710(c). 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS FOR QUALIFIED CAPITAL  
INTERESTS .—The amount to which subsection 
(a) applies by reason of paragraph (3) thereof shall not include so much of such amount as is attributable to any portion of the invest-ment services partnership interest which is a qualified capital interest (determined under rules similar to the rules of section 710(d)). 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR PUBLICLY TRADED PART -
NERSHIPS .—Except as otherwise provided by 
the Secretary, in the case of an exchange of an interest in a publicly traded partnership (as defined in section 7704) to which sub-section (a) applies— 
‘‘(A) this section shall be applied without 
regard to subsections (a)(3), (b)(1)(A)(iii), and (f)(3), and 
‘‘(B) such partnership shall be treated as 
owning its proportionate share of the prop-erty of any other partnership in which it is a partner. 
‘‘(4) R
ECOGNITION OF GAINS .—Any gain with 
respect to which subsection (a) applies by reason of paragraph (3) thereof shall be rec-ognized notwithstanding any other provision 
of this title. 
‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION WITH INVENTORY ITEMS .— 
An investment services partnership interest held by the partnership shall not be treated as an inventory item of the partnership. 
‘‘(6) P
REVENTION OF DOUBLE COUNTING .— 
Under regulations or other guidance pre-scribed by the Secretary, subsection (a)(3) shall not apply with respect to any amount to which section 710 applies. 
‘‘(7) V
ALUATION METHODS .—The Secretary 
shall prescribe regulations or other guidance which provide the acceptable methods for valuing investment services partnership in-terests for purposes of this section.’’. 
(c) T
REATMENT FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION  
7704.—Subsection (d) of section 7704 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(6) I
NCOME FROM CERTAIN CARRIED INTER -
ESTS NOT QUALIFIED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Specified carried inter-
est income shall not be treated as qualifying income. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIFIED CARRIED INTEREST INCOME .— 
For purposes of this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified car-
ried interest income’ means— 
‘‘(I) any item of income or gain allocated 
to an investment services partnership inter-est (as defined in section 710(c)) held by the partnership, 
‘‘(II) any gain on the disposition of an in-
vestment services partnership interest (as so defined) or a partnership interest to which (in the hands of the partnership) section 751 applies, and 
‘‘(III) any income or gain taken into ac-
count by the partnership under subsection (b)(4) or (e) of section 710. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED CAPITAL IN -
TERESTS .—A rule similar to the rule of sec-
tion 710(d) shall apply for purposes of clause (i). 
‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVI -
SIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to 
any item described in paragraph (1)(E) (or so much of paragraph (1)(F) as relates to para-
graph (1)(E)). 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN PARTNER -
SHIPS .— 
‘‘(i) C ERTAIN PARTNERSHIPS OWNED BY REAL  
ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS .—Subparagraph 
(A) shall not apply in the case of a partner-ship which meets each of the following re-quirements: 
‘‘(I) Such partnership is treated as publicly 
traded under this section solely by reason of interests in such partnership being convert-ible into interests in a real estate invest-ment trust which is publicly traded. 
‘‘(II) Fifty percent or more of the capital 
and profits interests of such partnership are owned, directly or indirectly, at all times during the taxable year by such real estate investment trust (determined with the appli-cation of section 267(c)). 
‘‘(III) Such partnership meets the require-
ments of paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of section 856(c). 
‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN PARTNERSHIPS OWNING OTHER  
PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNERSHIPS .—Subpara-
graph (A) shall not apply in the case of a partnership which meets each of the fol-lowing requirements: 
‘‘(I) Substantially all of the assets of such 
partnership consist of interests in one or more publicly traded partnerships (deter-mined without regard to subsection (b)(2)). 
‘‘(II) Substantially all of the income of 
such partnership is ordinary income or sec-tion 1231 gain (as defined in section 1231(a)(3)). 
‘‘(E) T
RANSITIONAL RULE .—Subparagraph 
(A) shall not apply to any taxable year of the partnership beginning before the date which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.023 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8317 December 2, 2015 
is 10 years after the date of the enactment of 
this paragraph.’’. 
(d) I MPOSITION OF PENALTY ON UNDERPAY -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
6662 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after paragraph (7) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) The application of section 710(e) or the 
regulations or other guidance prescribed under section 710(g) to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of section 710.’’. 
(2) A
MOUNT OF PENALTY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 6662 of such Code 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(k) I
NCREASE IN PENALTY IN CASE OF PROP-
ERTY TRANSFERRED FOR INVESTMENT MAN-
AGEMENT SERVICES .—In the case of any por-
tion of an underpayment to which this sec-tion applies by reason of subsection (b)(8), subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to such portion by substituting ‘40 percent’ for ‘20 percent’.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara-
graph (B) of section 6662A(e)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (i), or (k)’’. 
(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR APPLICATION OF REA -
SONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION .—Subsection (c) of 
section 6664 of such Code is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; 
(B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ in para-
graph (5)(A), as so redesignated, and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR UNDERPAYMENTS AT -
TRIBUTABLE TO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT  
SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any portion of an underpayment to which section 6662 applies by reason of sub-section (b)(8) unless— 
‘‘(i) the relevant facts affecting the tax 
treatment of the item are adequately dis-closed, 
‘‘(ii) there is or was substantial authority 
for such treatment, and 
‘‘(iii) the taxpayer reasonably believed 
that such treatment was more likely than not the proper treatment. 
‘‘(B) R
ULES RELATING TO REASONABLE BE -
LIEF.—Rules similar to the rules of sub-
section (d)(3) shall apply for purposes of sub-paragraph (A)(iii).’’. 
(e) I
NCOME AND LOSS FROM INVESTMENT  
SERVICES PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS TAKEN  
INTOACCOUNT IN DETERMINING NETEARNINGS  
FROMSELF-EMPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I NTERNAL REVENUE CODE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1402(a) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (16), by striking the period at the end of para-graph (17) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by in-serting after paragraph (17) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(18) notwithstanding the preceding provi-
sions of this subsection, in the case of any individual engaged in the trade or business of providing services described in section 710(c)(2) with respect to any entity, invest-ment services partnership income or loss (as defined in subsection (m)) of such individual with respect to such entity shall be taken into account in determining the net earnings from self-employment of such individual.’’. 
(B) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP IN -
COME OR LOSS .—Section 1402 of such Code is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(m) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP  
INCOME OR LOSS.—For purposes of subsection 
(a)— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘investment 
services partnership income or loss’ means, with respect to any investment services 
partnership interest (as defined in section 710(c)) or disqualified interest (as defined in section 710(e)), the net of— 
‘‘(A) the amounts treated as ordinary in-
come or ordinary loss under subsections (b) and (e) of section 710 with respect to such in-terest, 
‘‘(B) all items of income, gain, loss, and de-
duction allocated to such interest, and 
‘‘(C) the amounts treated as realized from 
the sale or exchange of property other than a capital asset under section 751 with respect to such interest. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED CAPITAL IN -
TERESTS .—A rule similar to the rule of sec-
tion 710(d) shall apply for purposes of apply-ing paragraph (1)(B).’’. 
(2) S
OCIAL SECURITY ACT .—Section 211(a) of 
the Social Security Act is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (15), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (16) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (16) the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(17) Notwithstanding the preceding provi-
sions of this subsection, in the case of any individual engaged in the trade or business of providing services described in section 710(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to any entity, investment serv-ices partnership income or loss (as defined in section 1402(m) of such Code) shall be taken into account in determining the net earnings from self-employment of such individual.’’. 
(f) S
EPARATE ACCOUNTING BY PARTNER .— 
Section 702(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (8) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (8) the following: 
‘‘(9) any amount treated as ordinary in-
come or loss under subsection (a), (b), or (e) of section 710.’’. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Subsection (d) of section 731 of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘section 710(b)(4) (relating to dis-tributions of partnership property),’’ after ‘‘to the extent otherwise provided by’’. 
(2) Section 741 of such Code is amended by 
inserting ‘‘or section 710 (relating to special rules for partners providing investment man-agement services to partnerships)’’ before the period at the end. 
(3) The table of sections for part I of sub-
chapter K of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 710. Special rules for partners pro-
viding investment management services to partnerships.’’. 
(h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) P
ARTNERSHIP TAXABLE YEARS WHICH IN -
CLUDE EFFECTIVE DATE .—In applying section 
710(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section) in the case of any partnership taxable year which includes the date of the enactment of this Act, the amount of the net capital gain referred to in such section shall be treated as being the lesser of the net capital gain for the entire partnership taxable year or the net capital gain determined by only taking into account items attributable to the portion of the part-nership taxable year which is after such date. 
(3) D
ISPOSITIONS OF PARTNERSHIP INTER -
ESTS.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 710(b) of such 
Code (as added by this section) shall apply to dispositions and distributions after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) I NDIRECT DISPOSITIONS .—The amend-
ments made by subsection (b) shall apply to transactions after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(4) O
THER INCOME AND GAIN IN CONNECTION  
WITH INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .— 
Section 710(e) of such Code (as added by this section) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. lll . FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I MPOSITITION OF TAX .—In the case of 
any high-income taxpayer, there is hereby imposed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.023 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8318 December 2, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. lll . MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON 
EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  
LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and 
(G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. 
(b) E
XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(2) P UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— 
‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered 
under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or 
‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under 
section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  
FORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each 
place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each 
place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. 
(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of 
section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-
tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall 
not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. 
(e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (H). 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SA 2888. Mr. COATS (for himself and 
Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to 
the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2016; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . EXTENSION OF SPECIAL RULE FOR 
SENIORS RELATING TO INCOME LEVEL FOR DEDUCTION OF MED-ICAL CARE EXPENSES. 
Subsection (f) of section 213 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—In the case of any tax-
able year beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2024, subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to a tax-payer by substituting ‘7.5 percent’ for ‘10 per-cent’ if such taxpayer or such taxpayer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year.’’. 
SEC. ll. TEMPORARY SUSPENSION OF THE IN-
FLATION ADJUSTMENT IN THE CAL-CULATION OF MEDICARE PART B AND PART D PREMIUMS. 
Section 1839(i)(5) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(i)(5)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘2018 and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘in 2018 through 2025’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘2020, August 
2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2026, August 2024’’. 
SA 2889. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SUSPENSION OF SPECIFIED ENERGY 
GRANTS. 
Section 1603 of division B of the American 
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) S
PECIAL RULE.—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall not make any grant to any person under this section after the date of the enactment of this subsection and before the date that both the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Adminis-tration have completed and submitted to Congress a comprehensive investigation re-lating to fraud with respect to the grants al-lowed under this section, including fraud— 
‘‘(1) through overestimating the cost bases 
of property for purposes of collecting such grants, and 
‘‘(2) through claiming both tax benefits 
and grants with respect to the same prop-erty.’’. 
SA 2890. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2874 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 3762, to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. AUTHORITY TO OFFER ADDITIONAL 
PLAN OPTIONS. 
(a) C ATASTROPHIC PLANS .—Notwith-
standing title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), a catastrophic plan as described in section 1302(e) of such Act shall be deemed to be a qualified health plan (including for purposes of receiving tax credits under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and cost- sharing assistance under section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.023 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8319 December 2, 2015 
except that for purposes of enrollment in 
such plans, the provisions of paragraph (2) of such section 1302(e) shall not apply. 
(b) I
NDIVIDUAL MANDATE .—Coverage under 
a catastrophic plan under subsection (a) shall be deemed to be minimum essential coverage for purposes of section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 2, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room 328A of the Russell Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Agriculture’s Role in Combating Global Hunger.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 2, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 2, 2015, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 2, 2015, at 4 p.m., to conduct a classified briefing entitled ‘‘JCPOA Oversight: The IAEA’s Report on the Possible Military Dimensions of the Iranian Nuclear Program.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on December 2, 2015, in room SD– 628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Tribal Law and Order Act (TLOA)—5 Years Later: How have the justice systems in Indian Country im-proved?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on December 2, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Protecting Trade Secrets: the Impact of Trade Secret Theft on Amer-
ican Competitiveness and Potential So-lutions to Remedy This Harm.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on December 2, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the Administra-tion’s Criminal Alien Removal Poli-cies.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 2, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the following staff members from my staff and from Sen-ator S
ANDERS ’ staff be given all-access 
floor passes for the duration of the con-sideration of H.R. 3762: Greg D’Angelo, George Everly, Tori Gorman, and Clint Brown from my staff; and Mike Jones, Josh Smith, Jill Harrelson, and Josh Ryan from Senator S
ANDERS ’ staff. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that my intern Jeff Slyfield and my intern Maria Givens be given privileges of the floor for the re-mainder of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL PHENYLKETONURIA 
AWARENESS DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 324, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 324) designating De-
cember 3, 2015, as ‘‘National Phenyl-ketonuria Awareness Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 324) was 
agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PERMITTING THE COLLECTION OF 
CLOTHING, TOYS, FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLI-DAY SEASON FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 325, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 325) permitting the 
collection of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 325) was 
agreed to. 
(The resolution is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-
tions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
DECEMBER 3, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, De-cember 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate then re-sume consideration of H.R. 3762, with the time until 1:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; finally, that all de-bate time on H.R. 3762 be deemed ex-pired at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the re-marks of Senators Tillis and Ernst. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The Senator from Iowa. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, prom-
ises, promises, promises. Day in and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE6.024 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8320 December 2, 2015 
day out, I hear stories of the broken 
promises of the President’s failed health care law in Iowa and across the country. 
President Obama promised health in-
surance premiums would go down by $2,500. They haven’t. In fact, the Presi-dent’s own administration admits that nationwide, premiums in the exchange for the next year have increased by more than 7 percent. The outlook for my State is even worse, with Iowans facing more than a 12-percent increase in premiums. 
President Obama’s promises don’t 
pay these bills. Real folks in Iowa and across the country do. 
Mark from Urbandale shared with me 
that the double-digit premium in-creases his family faces for 2016 are unsustainable and that it may be more cost effective to pay the individual mandate penalty instead. 
Similarly, Angela from Centerville 
said that the plan she had hoped to purchase for 2016 increased by nearly $200, and that was the cheapest option for her. If she keeps her current cov-erage, her family will be strapped with a nearly $1,000-per-month bill for health insurance. She asks: ‘‘How is it possible that the Affordable Care Act has made health care so unaffordable?’’ 
Let me say that again: How is it pos-
sible that the Affordable Care Act has made health care so unaffordable? 
It is a question I get when traveling 
all across the State of Iowa. The an-swer is pretty simple. ObamaCare is wrongly rooted in a Washington- knows-best mentality. Instead of em-powering families and individuals to determine what they want and need in their health care plans, Washington has replaced choice with new one-size- fits-all mandates and taxes. It is an-other costly example of the Wash-ington way failing everyday Ameri-cans. 
The sad reality is that the con-
sequences of this failed law go far be-yond these unaffordable premium in-creases. Americans were promised job creation and economic growth, but in-stead we have seen employers reduce employee hours in an effort to avoid ObamaCare’s employer mandate. 
Small businesses, such as employers 
at a marina in Okoboji, have halted 
their plans to expand and create new jobs because of the mandate. They have even quit hiring folks to fill open jobs and had to cut back on hours for their existing employees to bring them to part time. 
As employers brace themselves for 
the impending Cadillac tax, employees are already feeling the effects: rapidly increasing out-of-pocket costs. In fact, Ryan, from Newton, recently learned that his deductible will be doubling next year in anticipation of the tax going into effect. 
ObamaCare is not helping these 
folks; it is hurting them. At a time when we want to see job growth and rising wages, this is simply the wrong approach. Broken promises don’t cut it. Today we have the opportunity to 
roll back some of ObamaCare’s most harmful provisions. Today we can pro-vide much needed relief from the indi-vidual and employer mandates and stop the law’s trillion dollars in tax hikes— like the health insurance tax, the med-ical device tax, and the Cadillac tax— from being passed on to the American people. Today we can put patients and doctors back in the driver’s seat when it comes to their health care decision-making. 
Today I will stand up for Iowans and 
people all across America to fulfill our promise to them. I am committed to stopping this failed law and paving the way to implement patient-centered op-tions that ensure folks have affordable coverage and access to needed health care services. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, last year 
the Presiding Officer and I and a num-ber of us went out to the folks in our great States and we promised that if we were elected into a majority, we would do everything we could to repeal and replace ObamaCare. The process the American people are going to wit-ness over the next 24 hours is our ful-fillment of that promise. 
It will take 51 votes to send a bill to 
the President’s desk that repeals the most egregious provisions of ObamaCare. Once we do that, we can begin to start the process of addressing the legitimate health care problems in-stead of an option that has made the problems worse. It is a system that will control costs and put patients first. It is a system that puts choice first. It is a system that puts quality ahead of partisan politics. 
This will be an open process that we 
will go through tomorrow, and that is the way it should be. That means it will require some tough votes. Many of my friends on the right may not par-ticularly like or enjoy the amendments that will be offered and then voted on, but I, for one, when confronted with a vote I may otherwise like to support— if I feel it prevents us from moving for-ward and being successful in sending this bill to the President’s desk, then I am prepared to make those tough votes to be absolutely certain we fulfill that fundamental promise of repealing ObamaCare. 
However, in the end, this is about 
doing everything we can to keep our promise to the American people. While we in Congress will put our conscience over politics—if we do—the President seems to put politics over what I be-lieve he and many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle know is a failed policy. This is exactly the under-lying failure of ObamaCare. It was a never-ending list of promises and as-surances that have not and never will be realized. 
We all remember the same promise 
we heard over and over again from the President: If you like your health care, you can keep it. If you like your doc-
tors, you can keep them. That has ab-solutely not happened in my great State of North Carolina, and I would daresay it hasn’t happened across the Nation. Millions of Americans were kicked off their plans and given a set of alternatives that were drastically more expensive. They were told they could no longer see the doctors they had vis-ited and trusted for years. 
In North Carolina alone, we had over 
470,000 cancellation notices. When they promised that if you liked your health care plan, you could keep it, there was a little asterisk there, and the asterisk was, you can keep it if the Federal Government determines that a policy you are satisfied with, they are satis-fied with. That is how they say they kept their promise, but it was an empty promise and they haven’t kept it. 
We also remember the President’s 
promises to make health care more af-fordable, boasting that ObamaCare would reduce premiums by $2,500. That hasn’t happened either. In North Caro-lina, during the first full year of the exchange rollout, premium prices in-creased and outpaced the increases in wages and inflation. The average home is spending more on health care and getting less in their paycheck. 
The premium prices in the individual 
insurance market increased by 147 per-cent—147 percent. This leads to the problem of people having insurance they can’t afford to use because they can’t afford their deductible or their copay. It has created real-life horror stories of families struggling to make the choice between paying for their health care and paying to keep food on their table. 
Last month I received a letter from a 
North Carolina couple nearing retire-ment who are lifelong small business owners. These are their words: 
Last year, our premiums for a bare bones 
policy was nearly $1,000 a month. It is a ter-rible policy, but nothing else was available within our budget. I received the 2016 rate late last Friday. The premium is going up 40 percent. 
So now that $1,000-a-month policy 
will cost them $1,400 a month with a higher deductible. 
The letter continues: 
For the first time in my adult life we may 
have to forgo having health insurance and take our chances. 
I received another letter from an-
other North Carolinian. He wrote: 
I’m a self-employed person barely making 
ends meet. My wife works 60 hours a week. We might take home close to $40,000 a year. We have done our best to make it on our own with no government assistance. Back in 2008, the company I worked for shut down. Since then, we have gone through all our life sav-ings to make ends meet. When I first started buying our health insurance in 2008, our pre-miums were around $600 for me and my two daughters. Just received our letter and found out our new premium will jump to $1,700 a month. 
These stories are heartbreaking, and 
they are not unique to North Carolina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.101 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8321 December 2, 2015 
I know each and every Senator, wheth-
er they support ObamaCare or want to repeal it, has received similar stories from constituents chronicling how ObamaCare has caused them immeas-urable financial and emotional hard-ship and no better access to affordable health care. 
I can tell you that with nearly every 
one of these letters and calls to my of-fice I receive, my constituents also ex-press their desire for Congress to vote for repeal of the ObamaCare law. It has caused so much pain, and it hasn’t solved any problems. That is exactly what the Senate is going to do tomor-row. We are going to keep our word— something I think sometimes citizens feel we just don’t do enough of up here in this Chamber. We are going to send a bill to the President’s desk that re-peals the most egregious portions of ObamaCare. Keep in mind that many of the bad 
things that will occur with ObamaCare are not even in place today. If you don’t like it now, I guarantee you will not like it next year even more so. 
Again, I want to get back to the 
process for a minute. This process we are going through is one of the unique instances where we can pass a bill and send it to the President’s desk with 51 votes. Normally it takes 60. In order for us to be able to pass it with 51 votes, it is going to require us to be very strict in terms of what this bill may or may not have in it. There are going to be games played tomorrow. There will be amendments put out there that Members know would pre-vent us from being able to send this bill to the President’s desk. 
I, for one, am going to stand with the 
leadership, who I appreciate having the courage to bring this bill forward and make sure that we take votes and send 
this bill—a fulfillment of my promise to the citizens of North Carolina—to the President’s desk. And to those who vote against it, Americans, take notice because they are not listening to you. They are not reading the letters and hearing the stories I hear every single day, and they should be held account-able when they are next up for reelec-tion. 
Mr. President, I thank the Chair for 
his time today, and I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:46 p.m., 
adjourned until Thursday, December 3, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02DE6.102 S02DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1693 December 2, 2015 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES 
ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITA-TION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, America’s trade 
laws only work as well as they are enforced— which is why the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act is of such vital importance. Both versions of the bill include vital provisions to modernize our customs process and in-crease enforcement of our trade laws—includ-ing my bill to finally end the importation of goods made by child, slave and forced labor after 75 years. It has been five months since H.R. 644 passed both the House and Senate and it is long past time the two versions of the bill be conferenced. In addition to the provision of the Senate bill which was used in the Democratic Motion to Instruct; there exists an-other, noncontroversial provision to combat currency manipulation in the legislation. Sen-ator B
ENNET ’s amendment, which passed the 
Senate Finance Committee unanimously, has real teeth. The amendment creates enhanced oversight of international exchange rate policy, authorizes specific remedial actions for the U.S. government to pursue against trading partners that fail to adopt appropriate ex-change rate policies, and provides the U.S. government with additional tools for strength-ening trade enforcement. The language ref-erenced in the Democratic Motion to Instruct is considered a poison pill by many and could threaten the underlying legislation which is vital to updating our trade enforcement laws for the 21st century. 
There are a number of vital differences be-
tween the House and Senate versions which will meaningfully impact the United States’ ability to enforce our trade laws that must be a priority as we move into the conference process. Differences such as the ENFORCE Act, which helps to enforce duty evasion; cre-ating an enforcement and capacity building fund using a portion of penalties paid by for-eign trade cheats; holding our trading partners accountable for this uneven enforcement of environmental regulations; and codifying the Interagency Trade Enforcement Center are issues vital and cannot be bogged down. In light of the existence of the Bennet language which I believe substantively moves the ball forward on currency manipulation, while I sup-port the spirit of the Motion to Instruct I believe it is more important that the customs bill not be bogged down by a controversial provision which could potentially lead to retaliation which would hurt Wisconsin’s farmers, workers and businesses. Many of these other provi-sions will ultimately determine my support for the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act and I hope rather than falling into partisan 
foxholes we can help move this vital piece of legislation forward in a bipartisan manner. 
f 
HONORING DR. ARIANE 
PALMASANI CONABOY, D.O. 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. Ariane Palmasani Conaboy. Dr. Conaboy is the 138th President of the Lacka-wanna County Medical Society and the young-est President in the Society’s history. The Lackawanna County Medical Society is a pro-fessional association for physicians and physi-cians in training that promotes an environment which fosters excellence in medical care. 
Dr. Conaboy graduated in 2000 from Scran-
ton Preparatory School and went on to grad-uate from The University of Scranton, where she majored in biochemistry and philosophy. In 2008, Dr. Conaboy earned her Doctor of 
Osteopathic Medicine degree from the Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine. She went on to complete her internship and resi-dency at Scranton Temple Residency Pro-gram. 
Dr. Conaboy is certified in Internal Medicine 
and is currently employed by Physicians Health Alliance, a division of Commonwealth Health, and practices traditional inpatient and outpatient internal medicine. She serves on the Physicians Health Alliance Advisory Board, the Moses Taylor Hospital Medical Executive Committee, and was recently elected Treas-urer of the Medical Staff at the hospital. 
Dr. Conaboy serves on the Moses Taylor 
Hospital Credentials Committee and is the physician lead for the finance and contract committee for NEPA Quality Health Alliance, where she also serves as a board member. She is also a member of The Commonwealth Medical College Volunteer Clinical Faculty. Dr. Conaboy is the daughter of Millie Palmasani and the late Michael Palmasani. She is mar-ried to an attorney, Kevin, and they have two children, Clare and Kevin. 
On behalf of all Pennsylvanians, I am 
pleased to recognize Dr. Ariane Conaboy for improving the quality of life for citizens through her leadership as the President of the Lacka-wanna County Medical Society. 
f 
HONORING MAST COMMUNITY 
CHARTER SCHOOL 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Mathematic Science and Technology 
Community Charter School in my district— known as MaST—which was just recognized as the top charter school in Pennsylvania by the Philadelphia City Council. 
Since opening in 1999, MaST has estab-
lished a proven record as a high-performing charter school in the region, with multiple awards from local, state, and national entities for its advanced curriculum in STEM edu-cation. MaST’s focus on STEM education has created a high-achieving student body that is well-prepared for and focused on entering post-secondary education. I am proud to say that 93 percent of graduating students have moved directly into a post-secondary institu-tion over the last three years. 
Despite these achievements, MaST is only 
capable of accepting a fraction of the applica-tions it receives every year. This past applica-tion year, MaST received 7,165 applications for 96 open spots. I supported a grant applica-tion to the U.S. Department of Education which would allow for MaST to meet the needs of a larger body of students who cur-rently lack the tools MaST can provide—par-ticularly advanced education and preparation in STEM fields. 
MaST is an impressive model for quality 
education in Philadelphia. If given the re-sources to grow, MaST will continue to ex-pand its award-winning curriculum which has 
contributed to its meteoric rise in the past 16 years. I am proud to support this effort. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CARLY 
IMBIEROWICZ AND DAULTON POINTEK 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the memory of Carly Imbierowicz and Daulton Pointek. Carly and Daulton were two star students at Octorara High School in Chester County, loved and admired by their entire school community. They were the vic-tims of carbon monoxide poisoning. A faulty automobile exhaust pipe allowed the deadly gas to leak into their car. When they were found, the car keys were still in the ignition. 
It is important that we spread awareness of 
this silent killer. The danger of carbon mon-oxide poisoning is present whenever you com-bine burning fuel and enclosed spaces, from stoves to gas-powered water heaters and fur-naces. These dangers increase in the colder months. 
The Imbierowicz and Pointek families have 
been working to educate our community on these dangers and I admire their dedication to this mission. Their efforts to raise awareness about this issue will save lives and protect more families from having to cope with such terrible tragedies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE8.007 E02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1694 December 2, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFETIME MEM-
BERS OF THE RICHMOND COUN-TY VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPART-MENT 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the following Lifetime Members of the Richmond County Volunteer Fire Department: Randy Passagaluppi (22 years), Gary Hayes (23 years), Timmy Brann (25 years), Ray Hinson (25 years), Wayne Mothershead (26 years), Leslie Clark (28 years), Ronnie Mundie (37 years), Fred W. Mothershead (44 years), J.D. Jr. Dawson (45 years), Chris Sanders (45 years), and Webster Sanders (64 years). I thank them for their lifelong service to their community and insuring the safety of Rich-mond County. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GRAND OPEN-
ING OF SIEGFRIED AND ROY PARK 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, on December 3, 
2015, the Clark County Commissioners and Department of Aviation are hosting the grand opening of a 20-acre park near McCarran International Airport, appropriately named for Siegfried Fischbacher and Roy Horn. 
What began as a simple magic act aboard 
a cruise ship in 1957, Siegfried and Roy’s show became one of the most successful ex-travaganzas in Las Vegas history. 
Ten years later, Siegfried and Roy began 
performing in Las Vegas at the Tropicana. The duo went on to perform around the world until 1989 when their act found a permanent home at The Mirage in Las Vegas. 
Siegfried and Roy entertained in Las Vegas 
and internationally for over 30 years to sold- out audiences, delighting more than 25 million fans with their amazing magic while show-casing the beauty and majesty of wild animals. Their passion and talent made a lasting im-pression on everyone who met them, knew them, or just saw their show. 
Siegfried and Roy’s act came to an end in 
2003, but their spirit lives on at the Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat exhibits at The Mirage Hotel and Casino, and through their charitable work with the SARMOTI Founda-tion. 
For the past 25 years, Siegfried and Roy’s 
Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat have en-couraged better stewardship of the environ-ment by teaching visitors, students, and schol-ars about the incredible creatures housed there and about why conservation efforts are so important for maintaining a robust eco-system and preserving the amazing species that share the earth with us. 
Every day at the Secret Garden and Dolphin 
Habitat, visitors can experience firsthand the enchanting world of bottlenose dolphins, white tigers, white lions, and leopards. In August, the Secret Garden welcomed four tiger cubs to the family, continuing a legacy of commit-ment to conservation. The SARMOTI Foundation works to con-
serve and protect endangered and threatened animals around the world, including tigers, lions, cheetahs, panthers, and leopards. 
How appropriate that a park which stands at 
the gateway to Las Vegas, and District One, should bear their name. 
Thank you, Siegfried and Roy, for your serv-
ice to our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 20TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF PEACETREES VIETNAM 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 20th anniversary of PeaceTrees Vietnam and their continued service to help heal communities affected by war. PeaceTrees Vietnam’s tireless work alongside the Vietnamese people honors those who have given their lives in service and fosters trust and collaboration between our two na-tions. 
The story of PeaceTrees Vietnam began on 
January 6, 1969, when US Army Helicopter Pilot Lt. Daniel Cheney sacrificed his life in the Vietnam War to save the life of a fellow pilot. From this profound loss, his mother Rae Che-ney, sister Jerilyn Brusseau and her late hus-band Danaan Parry vowed to find a way for families like their own to reach out to the Viet-namese people, to honor losses on all sides of the war, and begin building bridges of friend-ship and understanding. On November 12, 1995, a group of inspired Washington state citizens joined the three founders and pledged their support to launch an organized effort to clear the land of bombs and landmines and plant trees where landmines used to be. That day, PeaceTrees Vietnam was born. 
Since 1995, PeaceTrees Vietnam’s stead-
fast humanitarian service has removed more than 89,000 landmines and dangerous weap-ons from over 846 acres of land, starting in the former ‘‘DMZ’’ on the site of the former US Marine Combat Base at Dong Ha. As the first international nongovernmental organization to be permitted to conduct humanitarian demining work in Vietnam, PeaceTrees has ushered in a new era by bringing together American and Vietnamese people, including veterans from both sides, to work, play, and plant trees as a means of promoting peace, friendship, and renewal through mutual under-standing and respect. 
For two decades, PeaceTrees’ expansive 
service in Vietnam has gone beyond landmine removal to include building sustainable com-munities by enhancing education and eco-nomic opportunities. Hand-in-hand with the Vi-etnamese people, PeaceTrees has invested in a safe and healthy future in the poorest and most war-torn regions of Vietnam through the construction of homes, libraries, and schools. 
Mr. Speaker, PeaceTrees Vietnam’s work 
has restored land, assisted communities, and created opportunity in partnership with the people of Quang Tri Province of Vietnam. Making the land safe, returning the environ-ment to its natural beauty, and creating new educational and economic opportunities collec-tively heals the enduring wounds of war that linger for both the Vietnamese and American people. I am proud to recognize the 20th Anniver-
sary of PeaceTrees Vietnam and thank the family of Lt. Daniel Cheney, the founders, and all those in the United States and Vietnam who have worked to restore the land, build community and heal the wounds of war. 
f 
OUR ONE GOD OF FAITH 
HON. E. SCOTT RIGELL 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. RIGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
submit a statement on behalf of my con-stituent, Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman. Rabbi Zoberman is the Founding Rabbi of Congrega-tion Beth Chaverim in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Rabbi Zoberman asked me to submit the fol-lowing remarks: 
We are grateful for our one God’s blessings, 
who bring us together to be one family, gratefully united and gloriously diverse through the divine commandments of loving kindness. 
We have gathered during our sixth annual 
Veterans Day service at the enchanting sites of the Reba and Sam Sandler Campus and the Simon Family JCC of our beloved Tide-water Jewish Community, home to the state-ly Jewish War Veterans Monument and cap-tivating Holocaust sculpture linked to the embracing Gifford Holocaust Memorial Gar-den. Let us pause for both heartfelt grati-tude and sacred reflection in the enviable spirit of our unique Tidewater togetherness. 
In this awesome region of perhaps the 
world’s most concentrated military might, we owe much to the descendants of the Mac-cabees, our heroic sisters and brothers in uniform from past, present and future, for safeguarding our great American nation as well as its undying dream. We continuously advocate for and advance the cause of our leading democracy so that it may ever be a guiding and gracious beacon of light and con-secrated resolve to all near and far. 
We are painfully mindful of terrorism’s 
darkness unleashed by Iran and its Lebanese and Palestinian proxies, along with Syria’s Basher al-Assad and the Islamic State with its affiliates, threatening the very essence of human civilization to which the Jewish peo-ple have immeasurably and devotedly con-tributed. The past Thanksgiving celebration, modeled after the Biblical festival Sukkot, is a poignant reminder of the vital link and unshakeable bond between America’s very foundation and the Jewish heritage. 
The courageous Pilgrims joyfully regarded 
themselves as walking in the shoes of the Israelites who fled from Egypt’s House of Bondage, and were inspired by the ideals and values of the Hebrew scriptures with which they fell in love. In fact, they wanted Hebrew to be the official language of the New World but there were not enough Hebrew scholars around. Imagine there would have been no need for a separate Hebrew school for our children. The past Thanksgiving eve, my congregation Beth Chaverim and Eastern Shore Chapel Episcopal Church held our 16th annual Joint Interfaith Thanksgiving Serv-ice. What an endearing display of the Amer-ican tradition of sharing across lines of faith. 
On November 9, 2015, we commemorated 
the 77th anniversary of Kristallnacht (The Night of the Broken Glass), the beginning of the end of European Jewry. We shall always cherish our own Arnold Lind, of blessed memory, who at age ten raced into his burn-ing Synagogue in Muhlheim in Germany to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02DE8.004 E02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1695 December 2, 2015 
retrieve his beautiful Wimple, witness to the 
Shoah, a memorial to the great German Jewry. He was fortunate to arrive with his family to these shores of freedom and proud-ly served in the U.S. Marine Corps. 
I humbly stand before you as a member of 
the family of the surviving remnant miracu-lously plucked from the burning fires. At the mature old age of three and a half, I was al-ready a veteran of Germany’s Wetzlar Dis-placed persons camp in the American zone of occupation, but I am also a veteran of the Israel Defense Forces of a reborn nation. My father Yechiel, of blessed memory, served in the Russian Army’s 118th Infantry Division decimated at Stara Rusa by the German on-slaught which he survived. 
Let the United States and its partners do 
their best on behalf of the present day mul-titude of refugees from war-torn countries, particularly Syria, who seek the shelter of a welcoming home. May Shalom’s divine bless-ings of peace enable us to turn violence into vision, pain into promise, fear into faith, and darkness into light. Amen. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
MANATEE COUNTY FAIR 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in rec-
ognition of the Manatee County Fair’s 100th anniversary. 
On October 21st, 1915 a group that eventu-
ally became the Manatee Chamber of Com-merce approved a project that would draw members of the community together for festive celebrations and friendly competition. The Manatee County Fair was born, and opened its tents to the neighborhood for the first time on February 28th, 1916. 
The 1916 Manatee County Fair started with 
a budget of just $500. Year after year, the fair grew creating an economic boost for the com-munity while providing fun and enjoyment for locals and visitors alike. 
Eventually, the fair became so appreciated 
that the denizens of Bradentown (currently Bradenton, Florida) purchased over 60 acres of land so the fair could continue to thrive for generations to come. As time went on, the Manatee County Fair gave Floridians an op-portunity to unite and celebrate in good times and bad. 
The Manatee County Fair has fostered com-
munity pride for 100 years. Throughout the past century, the fair strengthened relation-ships between local business owners, shop keepers, vendors, artisans, and civic leaders. Community Members have shared in the pride of hosting such a well-loved event. 
It is my honor to recognize the Manatee 
County Fair’s 100th anniversary. This great event has strengthened our community and been a source of civic pride for the past cen-tury. 
f 
HONORING DR. JAN SONANDER, 
M.D. 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Dr. Jan Sonander for his leadership, commitment, and determination 
over a decade to update the Geographic Prac-tice Cost Index (GPCI) system in California and abolish the flawed Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). 
Medicare’s GPCI system pays physicians 
based on the cost of providing care in their geographic region. However, since 1997, the Medicare geographic payment localities have not been updated, leading many Sonoma County physicians to be underpaid. This prob-lem was exacerbated by concurrent flaws in Medicare’s SGR. 
Since 2000, Dr. Sonander has been a tire-
less advocate for GPCI and SGR reforms. His proposed changes would have updated pay-ment localities for physicians, and improved access to high-quality care for all Sonoma County residents. Dr. Sonander led a nation-wide letter campaign, encouraging Congress to consider funding the proposed changes while writing articles to keep peers informed of his efforts. Those efforts ultimately paid off, as the geographic payment system has been up-dated and the SGR has been eliminated. Dr. Sonander was essential to that progress. 
Leading by example, Dr. Sonander focuses 
a significant portion of his practice caring for the disabled, working as a hospitalist at Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital while also serving as Chief of Staff. He has been active in the Sonoma County Medical Association (SCMA) and the California Medical Association for 26 years. He has served on several committees, including a stint as President of the SCMA Board of Directors in 2003. As a civic role model, philanthropist, medical professional, and political activist, Dr. Sonander’s work has placed health care for all Sonoma County resi-dents in safe hands. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we acknowledge Dr. Jan Sonander for his extraordinary work. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on 
roll call No. 650, had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
PRESERVE THE EITC FOR LEGAL 
AMERICAN WORKERS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, the Earned 
Income Tax Credit is one of our most suc-cessful welfare-to-work tax provisions. The EITC has helped millions of Americans move themselves out of poverty. But, the president wants to use it as a cash bonus for those who have been working in the U.S. illegally. 
Under the president’s unilateral amnesty, 
millions of illegal immigrants will get access to the EITC. They will then be able to claim tax refunds on previous earnings from unauthor-ized work. The refunds could be as much as $24,000 for each claimant, which may restrict the EITC’s availability for legal American work-
ers. 
To ensure this does not happen, I have in-
troduced H.R. 1657—the FAIRR Act. The bill prevents the EITC from going to recipients of the president’s unilateral amnesty. This would strengthen the EITC for American families and save taxpayers almost $9 billion over the next 10 years. 
Our immigration system should not reward 
lawbreakers at the expense of taxpayers and legal American workers. Neither should the EITC. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DEAR-
BORN OPTIMIST CLUB’S 75TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Dearborn Optimist Club on their 75th Anniversary. As a Member of Congress, it is an honor and a privilege to recognize the great work they have done for the City of Dearborn. 
Founded on December 12, 1940, Optimist 
International chartered the Dearborn Optimist Club to serve the greater Dearborn Commu-nity. Since its founding, the Dearborn Opti-mists have devoted countless hours volun-teering in the community by helping to expand access to quality education through its youth programs and scholarships. They have cre-ated collaborations between both the public and private schools and with numerous Dear-born public agencies, including the fire and police departments. Each year, the Dearborn Optimist holds art and essay contests to pro-mote the creativity of our students, where the winners receive scholarship money for their college plans. They host the annual Dearborn Public Safety Awards to honor our fire and po-lice departments and recognize extraordinary individual accomplishments. 
At the heart of their mission, the Dearborn 
Optimists have devoted themselves to com-munity service and providing opportunities to enrich the lives of our youth of Dearborn. Their work for the City of Dearborn is truly ap-preciated and I know that we will see more of the same over the next 75 years of the group and beyond. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring the Dearborn Optimist Club on their 75th Anniversary and to wish them many more years of success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 646, 647, 648, 649, 650, 651 and 652. Had I been present, I would have voted no on Roll Call vote number 646, 647, 650, 651 and 652 and aye on 648 and 649. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02DE8.008 E02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1696 December 2, 2015 
HONORING THE STE. GENEVIEVE 
COUNTY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL AUXILIARY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Ste. Genevieve County Me-morial Hospital Auxiliary and its volunteers be-fore the United States House of Representa-tives. This group was awarded the Auxiliary of the Year Award by the Missouri Hospital Asso-ciation at the MHA Annual Conference this year. 
These selfless individuals have accumulated 
over 15,000 volunteer hours this year, with over 11,000 hours in hospitals and over 3,500 hours volunteering in the community. This auxiliary of more than 90 volunteers has also donated more than $58,000 to the hospital, re-sulting in seven new hospital beds for their pa-tients. The auxiliary provides services to the community through community health edu-cation projects and scholarships to students pursuing health careers. 
It is my pleasure to recognize these gen-
erous individuals before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
KNOXVILLE NEWS SENTINEL ARTI-
CLE BY FRANK CAGLE—RUMORS OF THE GOP’S DEATH EXAGGER-ATED 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
almost every week, Frank Cagle writes a thoughtful, intelligent, even courageous col-umn for the Knoxville News Sentinel. 
In his column of December 2nd, he wrote: 
‘‘Some of us don’t think it’s a bad thing that people who are here illegally and are not citi-zens cannot vote.’’ 
I admire Frank Cagle for his willingness to 
speak out on matters of national importance, and I would like to call to the attention of my Colleagues and other readers this and other columns he has written for the Knoxville News Sentinel. 
RUMORS OF THE GOP’ SDEATH EXAGGERATED  
Last week Hillary Clinton announced she 
would no longer use the term ‘‘illegal immi-grants.’’ I can understand a Clinton’s aver-sion to the word illegal, but it will be hard for a president to get control of the border if she doesn’t recognize that unauthorized entry into the country is against the law. During the Democratic debate she refused to say the words ‘‘Islamic terrorism.’’ It’s hard to see how a commander in chief can win a war against our enemies when she’s too timid to call them what they are. 
I spent Thanksgiving with a houseful of 
young adults. They are all voting for Bernie Sanders in the primary. What do they do in the general when Clinton is the Democratic nominee? I suspect they will stay home. If the Democrats think they will turn out the young people who voted for President Barack Obama to vote for Hillary, they are delu-sional. 
I keep reading about how the Republicans 
are doomed. Republicans can’t govern. De-mographics will make the Republicans a mi-
nority party in the future. 
Did you notice the recent election in Ken-
tucky? Obama has done to the Kentucky Democratic Party what he has done to the Tennessee Democratic Party—damaged it al-most beyond repair. A tea party guy, behind in all the polls, defeated a popular Democrat by 10 points. And Democrats down ballot got hammered. Tennessee Republicans have a supermajority in the Legislature, the gov-ernor, two U.S. Senators and seven of nine Congressmen. 
Tennessee and Kentucky are not alone. 
Since Obama has been president, the Demo-crats have lost over 900 seats in state legisla-tures, 11 governorships, 13 Senate seats and 69 House seats. Tell me again about the de-mise of the Republican Party. 
Democrats believe that if the Republicans 
nominate Donald Trump, then Clinton is the next president. Why? Who is closer to the majority opinion of the American people? Trump’s bellicosity on immigrants, his anti- Muslim rants and calling for bombing the (you know what) out of ISIS? Or Clinton, who can’t bring herself to even identify the perpetrators? 
The dire predictions about the Republicans 
becoming a minority party because of the growing Hispanic vote? If you don’t grant amnesty and make all illegal immigrants citizens, they can’t vote. Some of us don’t think it’s a bad thing that people who are here illegally and are not citizens cannot vote. 
Go down to the courthouse sometime and 
watch legal immigrants being sworn in as citizens. Talk to them about the hoops they jumped through in order to become a citizen. Then ask them how they feel about people who want to jump the line. 
Americans are tired of political correct-
ness. In the words of the crazy anchor from the movie ‘‘Network,’’ they are mad as hell and they aren’t going to take it anymore. It’s the kind of attitude that fuels the Trump phenomenon. With the fading of Jeb Bush, the establishment seems to be turning to Marco Rubio to stop Trump. The author of an amnesty bill. 
Good luck with that. 
f 
HONORING DR. BRAD DREXLER, 
M.D. 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Dr. Brad Drexler for his leadership, commitment and determination over a decade to update the Geographic Prac-tice Cost Index (GPCI) system in California and abolish the flawed Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). 
Medicare’s GPCI system pays physicians 
based on the cost of providing care in their geographic region. However, since 1997, the Medicare geographic payment localities have not been updated, leading many Sonoma County physicians to be underpaid. This prob-lem was exacerbated by concurrent flaws in the SGR. 
Since 2000, Dr. Drexler has been a tireless 
advocate for GPCI and SGR reforms. His pro-posed changes would update payment local-ities for physicians, and improve access to high-quality care for all Sonoma County resi-dents. Dr. Drexler led a nationwide letter cam-paign, encouraging Congress to consider funding the proposed changes while writing ar-
ticles to keep peers informed of his efforts. Those efforts ultimately paid off, as the geo-graphic payment system has been updated and the SGR has been eliminated. Dr. Drexler was essential to that progress. 
Leading by example, Dr. Drexler has been 
active in the Sonoma County Medical Associa-tion (SCMA) and the California Medical Asso-ciation (CMA) for 29 years. He has served as chair of the government relations committee, as a member of the board of directors at the SCMA, and as a delegate to the CMA. As a civic role model, philanthropist, political activ-ist, and medical professional, Dr. Drexler’s work has placed health care for all Sonoma County residents in safe hands. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we acknowledge Dr. Brad Drexler for his extraordinary work. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, De-
cember 1, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not re-corded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative busi-ness. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 646, the previous question providing for consideration of the North Amer-ican Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 647, 
the rule providing for consideration of the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 648, 
the Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthor-ization Act. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 649, 
the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 650, 
final passage of Senate Joint Resolution 24. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 650, 
final passage of Senate Joint Resolution 23. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 651, 
the motion to go to conference on the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,827,322,966,908.80. We’ve 
added $8,200,445,917,995.72 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE8.006 E02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1697 December 2, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO THE PASSING OF NA-
TIONALLY RECOGNIZED ACTIV-IST RON SCOTT 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor one of the nation’s most dedicated civil rights activists, Ron Scott, who sadly passed away Sunday, November 29, 2015. 
During his many invaluable years of public 
service, Ron Scott was the consummate advo-cate for social and economic justice, inspiring others through his tremendous work ethic and undying spirit for activism. In particular, he has been in the vanguard of the movement to hold law enforcement accountable for acts of police misconduct. 
For twenty years, he was a leading and out-
spoken critic of the use of force by Detroit po-lice officers. An original founder of the Detroit chapter of the Black Panthers, he created the Detroit Coalition Against Police Brutality in 1996. In 2003, as a leader of the Coalition, he advocated for the city of Detroit to enter into a consent decree with the Department of Jus-tice to reform the Detroit Police Department following years of police misconduct. In 2014, when Detroit’s Board of Police Commis-sioners, the civilian led police oversight board, lost its powers due the city’s pending bank-ruptcy, he used his credibility as a longtime voice against police misconduct to argue for the commission’s restoration. In September, the Detroit City Council voted to restore the commission’s powers, which will return in De-cember. 
Ron Scott fought for civil and human rights 
and dreamed of a time when people would be judged and treated with dignity and respect. His counsel to me was truly invaluable and he has been such a frequent panelist at Congres-sional Black Caucus Annual Legislative Con-ferences that it is difficult to imagine these ef-forts without his presence. 
Those personally close to him will miss him 
deeply, but I believe that his legacy of deter-mined, reasoned and consistent advocacy on behalf of those who are voiceless will continue to be remembered and inspire our work to bring justice and peace to the world. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THOMAS BRADBURY 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Mr. Thomas Bradbury on being se-lected for induction into the Farm Credit Colo-rado Agriculture Hall of Fame. This honor is reserved for those who have made a signifi-cant contribution to the agricultural industry of Colorado and the United States. 
Currently, Mr. Bradbury resides in Byers 
where he has been a leader in the Colorado livestock industry. He is currently a member of the National Western Stock Show Association, an organization that created a scholarship trust which helps over 80 students attend col-lege annually for agriculture and rural medi-cine. In addition, he has served as President of the Rocky Mountain Quarter Horse Associa-
tion and the American Hereford Association 
Mr. Bradbury also understands the impor-
tance of giving back to his community. He is a founder of his local rural telephone coopera-tive and shares his expertise about livestock with resident 4–H members. Mr. Bradbury has shown true leadership in his industry and com-munity. 
On behalf of the 4th Congressional District 
of Colorado, I extend my best wishes as Mr. Bradbury pursues his future endeavors. His passion and dedication to the agricultural in-dustry makes him more than worthy of this distinct recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mr. Thomas Bradbury for his ac-complishments. 
f 
HONORING NANCY BAKER 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the career of an upstand-ing community leader, and longtime resident of Southwest Washington, Nancy Baker. 
Commissioner Baker’s dedication to the 
community can be seen through her long serv-ice to the Port. Nancy was first elected as a Port Commissioner for the Port of Vancouver, USA, in 2003—making her the first female commissioner in the Port of Vancouver’s 103 year history. This followed a 14 year stint as a Port employee. As a commissioner, she faced tough decisions that she has handled with grace and thoughtful deliberation. She has overseen numerous projects, including most recently the ‘‘trench’’ and Waterfront Projects which have greatly improved the functionality of the Port and will continue mak-ing the Port of Vancouver an integral part of our community. 
Having spent over a quarter century at the 
Port, Nancy has been a central part of its tre-mendous growth. Ask anyone in our commu-nity—Nancy’s name has become synonymous with the Port, and her contributions will be greatly missed. She has received numerous awards throughout her service including the Clark County Women of Achievement from Clark College and the YWCA, the Community Service Award from the Southwest Wash-ington Labor Roundtable and the Central Labor Council, and she was named one of the 100 Most Powerful Women of Clark County by the Columbian newspaper. 
Please join me in honoring the selfless and 
passionate dedication of Nancy Baker and her long career. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR RAY-
MOND (GLENN) CLANIN & MAJOR RUSSELL (LYNN) CLANIN 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor both Major Raymond (Glenn) Clanin, USAF (Ret) and Major Russell (Lynn) Clanin USAF (Ret), twin brothers who were born on April 25, 1923 and raised in Bis-
marck, Missouri. Major Glenn and Major Lynn were raised in a large family of nine children— six boys and three girls. 
I would like to commend both Major Glenn 
and Major Lynn for their tireless service to our nation while serving in the United States Army. Both Major Glenn and Major Lynn were drafted in May of 1943 at Jefferson Barracks, Missouri and were shortly accepted into the Aviation Cadet Program. 
After initial cadet training at Michigan State 
College, they both received more advanced military training at various bases in Texas. After B–26 training, they deployed to Europe on the ‘‘Ille de France’’ in January 1945 and were assigned to the 449th Bomb Squadron of the 322nd Bomb group stationed at Beauvais, France. Major Glenn completed 26 missions and Major Lynn completed 21 missions flying out of France and Belgium and deployed back to the United States in July of 1946. 
Major Glenn and Major Lynn were dis-
charged from the Army Air Corps in Sep-tember 1946 at Fort Sheridan, Illinois. They were both decorated with significant medals which include the Air Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, The European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with two battle stars and the World War II Victory Medal. 
After their outstanding active military service 
to this country, Major Glenn and Major Lynn moved to California, and in 1948, they married sisters Carolyn and Elyn Sievers in a joint ceremony. They remained in the United States Air Force reserves, both retiring as Majors in 1983. 
In civilian life Major Glenn and Major Lynn 
worked in their own dry cleaning business until the Korean War and lived next to each other for 10 years in Manhattan Beach. Glenn transitioned into aircraft manufacturing and later the savings and loan industry, from which he retired in 1985. Major Lynn transitioned into aircraft manufacturing and in 1960 moved to Northern California where he worked in real estate, then at a refinery, and eventually retir-ing from a water district as a service rep-resentative in 1978. 
Major Glenn and his wife Carolyn currently 
reside in Manhattan Beach and their family in-cludes two daughters, Diana and Wendie, two grandchildren and five great grandchildren. Major Lynn and his late wife Elyn family in-clude sons Russell and Steven, two grand-children and seven great grandchildren. Major Lynn has resided in Concord, California since 1960. 
I am proud to honor Major Raymond 
(Glenn) Clanin of Manhattan Beach & Russell (Lynn) Clanin of Concord to thank them for their dedication and service to the United States of America. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF AUSTIN 
KIPLINGER 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, on November 20, Austin Kiplinger, an ex-traordinary visionary as longtime editor of the legendary The Kiplinger Letter, died at age 97. For decades he came to the office every day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02DE8.011 E02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1698 December 2, 2015 
up to the end to provide thoughtful forecasts 
for executives and investors. I knew firsthand of his influence as my late father was a loyal subscriber who knew Mr. Kiplinger’s judge-ment was fully trustworthy. The following obit-uary was published November 21, 2015, in the Wall Street Journal: 
WASHINGTON .—Austin Kiplinger, the long-
time chairman and editor in chief of a finan-cial publishing company that bore his name, has died, his son said. He was 97. 
Mr. Kiplinger died Friday at a hospice in 
Rockville, Md., where he was treated briefly after receiving hospice care at home, said his son, Knight Kiplinger. The cause of death was brain cancer, most likely a melanoma that had spread to his brain, his son said. 
A prominent figure in Washington jour-
nalism and civic life, Mr. Kiplinger led the publishing company founded by his father for nearly 35 years. Before taking over Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc., he worked as a newspaper, radio and television reporter. The company publishes newsletters and maga-zines on personal finance and business. 
The company was founded in 1920 by his fa-
ther, W.M. Kiplinger. Austin Kiplinger took it over upon his father’s death in 1967. Even after circumstances forced him to become a businessman, he remained a journalist at heart, his son said. 
‘‘He wrote, he edited, he conducted the 
weekly lead meetings for the Kiplinger Let-ter,’’ Knight Kiplinger, who took over for his father in the 1990s, said Saturday. ‘‘That’s our tradition going back to our founding.’’ 
Mr. Kiplinger’s professional journalism ca-
reer began at age 18 while a student at Cor-nell University in Ithaca, N.Y. He worked as the campus stringer for the Ithaca Journal, and some of his articles were picked up by The Associated Press. 
He served in the Navy during World War II, 
piloting torpedo bombers off aircraft carriers in the South Pacific. 
In 1947, he and his father founded what is 
now called Kiplinger’s Personal Finance, the first publication dedicated to personal-fi-nance advice for American families. In the 1950s, he worked for several television sta-tions in Chicago and for ABC News there. But he turned down an offer to join NBC News in New York to return to the family business. 
Mr. Kiplinger was a trustee and board 
chairman of the National Symphony Orches-tra, and he presided over a family foundation that has made millions of dollars in grants to nonprofits education, performing arts, history and journalism training. He lived for decades on a family farm in Seneca, Md. 
‘‘He was best known for his exuberance, his 
positive attitude, his interest in people from every walk of life,’’ his son said. ‘‘He talked as easily with a carpenter or the janitor in the building as he did with presidents and senators.’’ 
His wife of 63 years, Mary Louise Cobb 
Kiplinger, died in 2007, and his older son, Todd, died the following year. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CURTIS MOORE 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Curtis Moore of Mis-souri for the patriotism shown by him over the course of his military career as well as his many wonderful accomplishments completed during his civilian years. Throughout his long and illustrious life, Mr. Moore received many 
impressive awards, including a Purple Heart while serving in the Navy during World War II. He was also the first recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award presented by the Water-ways Journal in 2014 for his work with inland waterway usage. 
Mr. Moore began working for Missouri Dry 
Dock & Repair Co. Inc. in Cape Girardeau, Missouri in the early 1950’s as a welder and fitter before soon being promoted to vice president and general manager. He distin-guished himself within the industry with his in-novations for propellers that are used by in-land towboats and barges and their repair process. He continued assisting and advising Missouri Dry Dock about propeller and other boat operation issues into the early 1990’s until he fully retired in 2009. 
Mr. Curtis Moore modeled what it means to 
be a hard-working and patriotic citizen of our country and it is my pleasure to recognize him before the United States House of Represent-atives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARLIN A. STUTZMAN 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
no. 650, 651, 652, on December 1, 2015 I was unable to cast a vote on S.J. Res. 24 due to being unavoidably detained. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
Yes. 
f 
HONORING DR. LEN KLAY, M.D. 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Dr. Len Klay for his lead-ership, commitment, and determination over a decade to update the Geographic Practice Cost Index (GPCI) system in California and abolish the flawed Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). 
Medicare’s GPCI system pays physicians 
based on the cost of providing care in their geographic region. However, since 1997, the Medicare geographic payment localities have not been updated, leading many Sonoma County physicians to be underpaid. This prob-lem was exacerbated by concurrent flaws in the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). 
Since 2000, Dr. Klay has been a tireless ad-
vocate for GPCI and SGR reforms. His pro-posed changes would have updated payment localities for physicians, and improved access to high-quality care for all Sonoma County residents. Dr. Klay led a nationwide letter campaign, encouraging Congress to consider funding the proposed changes while writing ar-ticles to keep peers informed of his efforts. Those efforts ultimately paid off, as the geo-graphic payment system has been updated and the SGR has been eliminated. Dr. Klay was essential to that progress. 
Leading by example, Dr. Klay continues to 
assist in surgery and volunteers his services for many local medical organizations. He has 
worked in the Santa Rosa, California area since 1971, and has been a member of the Sonoma County Medical Association (SCMA) and the California Medical Association (CMA) for 44 years. He has twice served as Presi-dent of the SCMA and CMA, elected in 1987 and again in 2007, and previously served at the U.S. Army hospital in Frankfurt, Germany. As a civic role model, philanthropist, political activist, and medical professional, Dr. Klay’s work has placed health care for all Sonoma County residents in safe hands. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we acknowledge Dr. Len Klay for his ex-traordinary work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FORMER CONGRESS-
WOMAN SHIRLEY CHISHOLM 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and celebrate the legacy of former Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm. On November 24, Congresswoman Chisholm was posthumously awarded the 2015 Presidential Medal of Freedom. 
In 1968, Chisholm historically won a seat in 
the House of Representatives in New York’s 12th Congressional District, becoming the first African American woman elected to Congress. In 1969, Chisholm was one of the founding members of a group that would become the Congressional Black Caucus. Chisholm served seven terms in Congress with a historical run for the U.S. Presidency in 1972. Chisholm was the first majority-party African American fe-male candidate to run for President. 
During her time in Congress, Chisholm 
worked to improve conditions for inner-city residents. She vocally fought for educational opportunities, better healthcare, increased so-cial services, and reductions in military spend-ing. Chisholm was an outspoken opponent of the Vietnam War, opposing the draft and the expansion of weapon developments. Chisholm fought to ensure that women and people of color had the opportunity to contribute to pol-icy and the legislative process. 
After leaving Congress in 1983, she re-
turned to her career as an educator. Chisholm taught undergraduate courses in politics and sociology at Mount Holyoke College from 1983 to 1987, starkly different from her career prior to serving in Congress in early childhood and elementary education. Nonetheless, Chisholm provided valuable contributions to not only Mount Holyoke, but also the 150 campuses where she gave speeches, telling students to avoid polarization and intolerance. 
Chisholm passed away in 2005 after suf-
fering several strokes. However, her legacy will always remain with us. As one of the founding members of the Congressional Black Caucus, as the first African American women elected to Congress, Chisholm has provided us with many firsts and has paved the way for more opportunity. I urge my colleagues to honor former Congresswoman Shirley Chis-holm and recognize her for winning the 2015 Presidential Medal of Freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE8.015 E02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1699 December 2, 2015 
RECOGNIZING CHARLES LEWIS 
SCOTT (CHUCK) 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Charles Lewis Scott (Chuck), who passed away on November 20, 2015 at the age of 91. Scott was a photographer and co- founder of the widely respected Ohio Univer-sity School of Visual Communication in Ath-ens, Ohio. 
Scott was born in Grayville, Illinois in 1924. 
He became a Photographer’s Mate First Class in the U.S. Navy after training in Pensacola, Florida. Scott went on to receive the Distin-guished Flying Cross and three war medals for serving during World War II in the Pacific. 
After returning home from the war, Scott 
earned his degree from the University of Illi-nois and worked as a photojournalist for the Champaign-Urbana Courier and the student newspaper. Scott worked as a photographer at various newspapers early in his career, and was later named the graphic director for the Chicago Daily News. He earned his master’s degree in 1970 and became the picture editor for the Chicago Tribune in 1974. Throughout his career, Scott earned over 100 awards in state, regional, national, and international competitions, including the Photographer of the Year award in 1952 and the Newspaper Editor of the Year award in 1966 from the Na-tional Press Photographers Association. 
He was first approached by Ohio University 
in 1969 to expand the visual education pro-gram in the School of Journalism. Following two years at the Chicago Tribune, Scott re-turned to Ohio University in 1976 in the Col-lege of Communication. Two years later, Scott co-founded the Institute of Visual Communica-tion with his son-in-law Terry Eiler. By 1986, the Institute became the School of Visual Communication and was eventually moved into the College of Communication. Alumni of this program have gone on to work at The New York Times, National Geographic, The Washington Post, Los Angeles Times, and many other prestigious publications. 
There is no doubt of the enormous contribu-
tion Chuck Scott has made to the photo-journalism industry and the tremendous impact he had on Ohio University and especially, his students. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks 
section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, De-
cember 3, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 8 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine improving 
the Pentagon’s development of policy, strategy, and plans. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 2257, to 
prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of protecting our national parks’ natural, historic, and cultural resources for present and future gen-erations. 
SD–366 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine opioid abuse 
in America, focusing on facing the epi-demic and examining solutions. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition 
Policy and Consumer Rights 
To hold hearings to examine the AB 
InBev/SABMiller merger and the state of competition in the beer industry. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the Millen-
nium Challenge Corporation, focusing on lessons learned after a decade and outlook for the future. 
SD–419 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Space, Science, and 
Competitiveness 
To hold hearings to examine promoting 
open inquiry in the debate over the magnitude of human impact on earth’s climate. 
SR–253 
DECEMBER 9 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 2171, to 
reauthorize the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act, S. 2127, to pro-vide appropriate protections to proba-tionary Federal employees, to provide the Special Counsel with adequate ac-cess to information, to provide greater awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, S. 1915, to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response pro-viders, S. 1492, to direct the Adminis-trator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property lo-cated in the State of Alaska to the Mu-nicipality of Anchorage, Alaska, H.R. 1557, to amend the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strength-en Federal antidiscrimination laws en-forced by the Equal Employment Op-portunity Commission and expand ac-countability within the Federal gov-
ernment, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Asset Sale and Transfer Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Real Property Management Reform Act of 2015’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Administrative Leave Act of 2015’’. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SR–253 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine moving to a 
stronger economy with a regulatory budget. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Marcel John Lettre, II, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence, Gabriel Camarillo, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, John E. Sparks, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces for the term of fif-teen years to expire on the date pre-scribed by law, and the following named officer for appointment in the United States Navy to the grade indi-cated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: Vice Adm. Kurt W. Tidd, to be Admiral, all of the Department of Defense. 
SD–106 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Susan Paradise Baxter, Robert John Colville, and Marilyn Jean Horan, each to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Penn-sylvania, Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, and John Mil-ton Younge, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine sudden price 
spikes in off-patent drugs, focusing on perspectives from the front lines. 
SD–G50 
DECEMBER 10 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
terrorism and global oil markets. 
SD–366 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the impor-
tance of following through on GAO and OIG recommendations. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 247, to 
amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 1318, to amend title 18, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02DE8.020 E02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1700 December 2, 2015 
States Code, to provide for protection 
of maritime navigation and prevention of nuclear terrorism, and the nomina-tions of Dana J. Boente, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Virginia for the term of four years, and John P. Fishwick, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the West-ern District of Virginia for the term of 
four years. 
SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M02DE8.000 E02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1263 Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8247–S8321 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2340–2346, and S. Res. 324–325.
                                               Pages S8305–06 
Measures Reported: 
S. 2139, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
hibit the use of reverse auctions for the procurement of covered contracts, with amendments.
        Page S8305 
Measures Passed: 
National Phenylketonuria Awareness Day: Sen-
ate agreed to S. Res. 324, designating December 3, 2015, as ‘‘National Phenylketonuria Awareness Day’’.
                                                                                Page S8319 
Permitting Charitable Collections in Senate 
Buildings: Senate agreed to S. Res. 325, permitting 
the collection of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings.
                                                        Page S8319 
Measures Considered: 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-
onciliation Act—Agreement: Senate continued 
consideration of H.R. 3762, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, taking action on the following amendments proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S8250–98 
Pending: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2874, in the nature 
of a substitute.                                                             Page S8250 
Murray/Wyden Amendment No. 2876 (to 
Amendment No. 2874), to ensure that this Act does not increase the number of uninsured women or in-crease the number of unintended pregnancies by es-tablishing a women’s health care and clinic security and safety fund.
                               Pages S8253–54, S8261–64 
Johnson Amendment No. 2875 (to Amendment 
No. 2874), to amend the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act to ensure that individuals can keep their health insurance coverage. 
                                                                Pages S8254–61, S8264–83 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, December 3, 2015, with the time until 1:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; and that all debate time on the bill be deemed expired at 1:30 p.m.
               Page S8319 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8305 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S8248, S8305 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S8305 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8306–07 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8307–08 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8304–05 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S8308–19 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S8319 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S8319 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:46 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, December 3, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8321.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COMBATING GLOBAL HUNGER 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine agriculture’s role in combating global hunger, after receiving tes-timony from Krysta Harden, Deputy Secretary of Agriculture; D. Wade Ellis, Bunge North America Milling, St. Louis, Missouri; Richard Leach, World Food Program USA, Washington, D.C., on behalf of the United Nations World Food Program; and Ar-lene Mitchell, Global Child Nutrition Foundation, Seattle, Washington. 
DEFENSE PERSONNEL REFORM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine Department of Defense personnel reform and strengthening the all-volunteer force, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02DE5.REC D02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1264 December 2, 2015 
after receiving testimony from David S. C. Chu, In-
stitute for Defense Analysis; Bernard Rostker, RAND Corporation; Robert F. Hale, Booz Allen Hamilton; and Admiral Gary Roughhead, USN (Ret.), Hoover Institution. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of G. Kath-leen Hill, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Malta, Eric Seth Rubin, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Bulgaria, Kyle R. Scott, of Arizona, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Serbia, and David McKean, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg, who was introduced by Senator Markey, all of the Department of State, and Carlos J. Torres, of Virginia, to be Deputy Di-rector of the Peace Corps, after the nominees testi-fied and answered questions in their own behalf. 
JOINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion oversight, focusing on the International Atomic Energy Agency’s report on the possible military di-mensions of the Iranian nuclear program from Ste-phen D. Mull, Lead Coordinator for Iran Nuclear Implementation, Department of State; and Kevin Veal, Director of Nuclear Safeguards and Security, Department of Energy. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 1879, to improve processes in the Department of the Interior, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
TRIBAL LAW AND ORDER ACT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine the Tribal Law and Order Act (TLOA), focusing on whether the justice systems in Indian country have improved, after re-ceiving testimony from Lawrence S. Roberts, Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Mirtha Beadle, Director, Office of Tribal Affairs and Policy, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services; Tracy Toulou, Director, Office of Tribal Justice, Department of Justice; and Glen G. Gobin, the Tulalip Tribes, Tulalip, Washington. 
TRADE SECRET THEFT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine protecting trade secrets, focusing on the impact of trade secret theft on American competitiveness and potential solutions to remedy this harm, including S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, after receiv-ing testimony from Karen Cochran, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Wilmington, Delaware; Thomas R. Beall, Corning Incorporated, Corning, New York; Sharon K. Sandeen, Hamline University School of Law, St. Paul, Minnesota; and James Pooley, Menlo Park, California. 
IMMIGRATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine the Administration’s alien removal policies, after receiving testimony from Sarah R. Saldana, Director, Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, Department of Homeland Secu-rity; Jessica M. Vaughan, Center for Immigration Studies, and Marc R. Rosenblum, Migration Policy Institute, both of Washington, D.C.; and Jonathan F. Thompson, National Sheriffs’ Association, Alexan-dria, Virginia. 
CONSOLIDATING VETERANS CARE 
PROGRAMS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine consolidating non-Department of Veterans Affairs care programs, after receiving testi-mony from Sloan Gibson, Deputy Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs; and Roscoe G. Butler, The American Legion, Darin Selnick, Concerned Veterans for America, Bill Rausch, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, and Raymond C. Kelley, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, all of Wash-ington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02DE5.REC D02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1265 December 2, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 4152–64; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 545, 547 were introduced.
                           Pages H8970–71 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8971–72 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 546, providing for consideration of the 
conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–360).
                            Page H8970 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Palazzo to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8863 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:54 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H8869 
Motion to Instruct Conferees: The House rejected 
the Kuster motion to instruct conferees on H.R. 644 by a yea-and-nay vote of 193 yeas to 232 nays, Roll No. 655. The motion was debated yesterday, Decem-ber 1st.
                                                                            Page H8884 
Subsequently, the Chair appointed the following 
conferees on H.R. 644: Representatives Brady (TX), Reichert, Tiberi, Levin, and Linda T. Sa ´nchez (CA). 
                                                                                            Page H8884 
Every Child Achieves Act of 2015: The House 
agreed to the conference report to accompany S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, by a yea-and-nay vote of 359 yeas to 64 nays, Roll No. 665.
                      Pages H8884–94, H8951–52 
H. Res. 542, the rule providing for further con-
sideration of the bill (H.R. 8) and the conference re-port to accompany the bill (S. 1177) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 654, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 653.
                                                                          Pages H8882–84 
North American Energy Security and Infrastruc-
ture Act of 2015: The House resumed consideration of H.R. 8, to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government account-ability. Consideration is expected to continue tomor-row, December 3rd.
               Pages H8875–84, H8894–H8965 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–36 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the 
nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill.
                                                                                   Page H8875 
Agreed to: 
Peters amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that includes energy storage as a form of energy that DOE should consider to enhance emer-gency preparedness for energy supply disruptions during natural disasters;
                                 Pages H8924–25 
Franks (AZ) amendment (No. 4 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that secures the most critical com-ponents of America’s electrical infrastructure against the threat posed by a potentially catastrophic electro-magnetic pulse;
                                                   Pages H8925–26 
Poliquin amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that clarifies that electric plants can be considered reliable without having to enter into sup-ply contracts that are greater than one year; 
                                                                                    Pages H8926–27 
Veasey amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that requires the Department of Energy to submit a report to Congress on the potential effects commercial utilization of Carbon Capture and Se-questration could have on the economy, energy infra-structure and greenhouse gas emission goals; 
                                                                                            Page H8927 
McKinley amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that directs the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with other relevant agencies and stakeholders, to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing an ethane storage and distribution hub in the United States; 
                                                                                    Pages H8927–28 
Ellmers (NC) amendment (No. 8 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that makes a statement of policy on grid modernization;
                                          Pages H8928–29 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 9 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359), as modified, that directs the Sec-retary of Energy to submit to the Congress a report on methods to increase electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, van-dalism, terrorism, and severe weather, no later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H8929–30 
Kildee amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that instructs the GAO to study ways to improve the National Response Center; 
                                                                                    Pages H8930–31 
Garamendi amendment (No. 12 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that includes energy transportation in the list of considerations for the Energy Security Valuation report in Sec. 3002;
                           Page H8931 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02DE5.REC D02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1266 December 2, 2015 
McKinley amendment (No. 13 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that ensures that no permit for the construction, operation, or maintenance of an export facility can be denied until all reviews required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 are complete;
                                                   Page H8932 
Takano amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that requires a GAO Report to be sub-mitted to Congress on the potential of battery en-ergy storage;
                                                         Pages H8934–35 
Peters amendment (No. 18 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that requires the Secretary of Energy to re-port on energy savings and greenhouse gas emissions reduction from conversion of captured methane to energy;
                                                                            Page H8936 
Brooks (IN) amendment (No. 20 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that calls on the Department of En-ergy to review and update the data used for a 9 year old federal study on re-refined oil, and requires the development of a strategy to increase its collections and sustainability;
                                             Pages H8937–38 
Upton amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that makes a technical fix to DOE’s Exter-nal Power Supply Rule;
                                         Page H8938 
Upton amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that strikes a number of provisions, some of which have already been enacted into law, and makes technical and conforming changes to the re-ported text of H.R. 8, H.R. 2295, and H.R. 2358 (by a recorded vote of 246 ayes to 177 noes, Roll No. 656);
                                           Pages H8919–23, H8945–46 
Gene Green (TX) amendment (No. 14 printed in 
H. Rept. 114–359) that creates a permitting process through the Department of Energy, FERC, and De-partment of State for cross-border infrastructure projects (by a recorded vote of 263 ayes to 158 noes, Roll No. 658);
                                       Pages H8932–34, H8947 
Barton amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that repeals restrictions on the export of crude oil and includes provisions of H.R. 702 as passed by the House (by a recorded vote of 255 ayes to 168 noes, Roll No. 664);
           Pages H8943–45, H8951 
Duffy amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that requires the EPA to satisfy regulatory planning and review requirements established by the Clinton and Obama Administrations;
     Pages H8953–54 
Gosar amendment (No. 28 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that ensures timely review for legal chal-lenges of energy projects on federal land and limits attorney fees in order to discourage frivolous lawsuits 
and foster energy production;
                     Pages H8954–56 
Upton amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that requires the Department of Energy and Department of Commerce to conduct a study re-garding the legal and regulatory barriers that delay, prohibit, or impede the export of natural energy re-
sources;
                                                                            Page H8956 
Castor (FL) amendment (No. 31 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that allows community solar projects to be connected to their power distribution system and allows the electricity produced by the community solar facility to be credited directly to each of the consumers that owns a share of the sys-tem;
                                                                          Pages H8957–58 
DeSaulnier amendment (No. 32 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that requires the Department of En-ergy to study the maximum level of volatility that is consistent with the safest practicable shipment of crude oil;
                                                                Pages H8958–59 
Deutch amendment (No. 33 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that promotes the research, development, and demonstration of marine hydrokinetic energy technologies and improves the regulatory process for such programs;
                                                    Pages H8959–60 
Grayson amendment (No. 34 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that establishes minimum privacy stand-ards for ‘‘Smart Meters’’ and their use in the smart grid;
                                                                          Pages H8960–61 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 35 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that directs the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce to jointly establish an energy enter-prise competition to encourage youth to propose so-lutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially as those fields relate to energy;
                        Pages H8961–63 
Meng amendment (No. 36 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that strikes terms such as ‘‘Oriental’’ and ‘‘Negro’’ from two sections of title 42 of the U.S. Code, and replaces them with culturally appropriate terms; and
                                                                     Page H8963 
Norcross amendment (No. 38 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that directs the Secretary of Energy to study weaknesses in the security architecture of cer-tain smart meters currently available.
     Pages H8964–65 
Rejected: Tonko amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that sought to strike Section 1101 (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 657);
                                                           Pages H8923–24, H8946 
Beyer amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that sought to strike the repeal of Section 433 of the Energy Independence and Security Act which establishes targets for reducing energy from fossil fuels in federal buildings (by a recorded vote of 172 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 659); 
                                                                Pages H8935–36, H8947–48 
Schakowsky amendment (No. 19 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that sought to strip Section 4125 from the bill; Section 4125 eliminates an existing consumer right to recover costs due to manufacturer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02DE5.REC D02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1267 December 2, 2015 
misrepresentation of Energy Star products (by a re-
corded vote of 183 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 660); 
                                                                Pages H8936–37, H8948–49 
Tonko amendment (No. 22 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that sought to reauthorize the Weatheriza-tion Assistance Program and the State Energy Pro-gram through Fiscal Year 2020 (by a recorded vote of 198 ayes to 224 noes, Roll No. 661); 
                                                                Pages H8938–40, H8949–50 
Castor (FL) amendment (No. 23 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–359) that sought to strengthen energy in-frastructure resiliency and improves energy efficiency by incentivizing local renewable thermal (heating and cooling) energy and waste heat such as com-bined heat and power and by providing technical as-sistance to eligible entities to establish distributed energy systems (by a recorded vote of 175 ayes to 247 noes, Roll No. 662); and
       Pages H8940–42, H8949 
Polis amendment (No. 24 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that sought to require the Secretary of the Interior to notify landowners, and any adjacent land-holders, when federally owned minerals beneath their land have been leased for oil and gas development (by a recorded vote of 206 ayes to 216 noes, Roll No. 663).
                                                 Pages H8942–43, H8950 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Cramer amendment (No. 26 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that seeks to authorize voluntary vegeta-tion management within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the right-of-way near structures; pre-vents sale of vegetation and limits legal liability; 
                                                                                            Page H8953 
Rouzer amendment (No. 30 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that seeks to repeal the March 2015 EPA final rule establishing federal standards for residen-tial wood heaters; and
                                     Pages H8956–57 
Pallone amendment (No. 37 printed in H. Rept. 
114–359) that seeks to prohibit the Act from taking effect until after the Energy Information Administra-tion analyzed and published a report on the carbon impacts of the Act’s provisions.
                 Pages H8963–64 
H. Res. 542, the rule providing for further con-
sideration of the bill (H.R. 8) and the conference re-port to accompany the bill (S. 1177) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 654, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 653.
                                                                          Pages H8882–84 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, December 3.
                    Page H8952 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and ten recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H8882–83, H8883–84, H8884, H8945–46, H8946, H8947, H8947–48, H8948, H8949, H8949–50, H8950, 
H8951 and H8951–52. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:20 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REVIEW OF THE FARM CREDIT SYSTEM 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing to review the Farm Credit System. Testimony was heard from Kenneth Spearman, Chairman of the Board and CEO, Farm Credit Administration. 
PRINCIPLES FOR ENSURING RETIREMENT 
ADVICE SERVES THE BEST INTERESTS OF WORKING FAMILIES AND RETIREES 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Principles for Ensuring Retirement Advice Serves the Best Interests of Working Families and Retirees’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a markup on H.R. 1641, the ‘‘Federal Spectrum Incentive Act of 2015’’; and a discussion draft to amend the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act to facilitate that deployment of communications infrastructure by providing for an inventory of Federal assets for use in connection with such deployment, to streamline certain Federal ap-provals of communication facilities, to provide for measures to promote the use of utility poles in the deployment, and for other purposes. H.R. 1641 and a discussion draft to amend the National Tele-communications and Information Administration Or-ganization Act to facilitate that deployment of com-munications infrastructure by providing for an in-ventory of Federal assets for use in connection with such deployment, to streamline certain Federal ap-provals of communication facilities, to provide for measures to promote the use of utility poles in the deployment, and for other purposes, were forwarded to the Full Committee, without amendment. 
LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO IMPROVE 
THE U.S. CAPITAL MARKETS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-
ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Im-prove the U.S. Capital Markets’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02DE5.REC D02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1268 December 2, 2015 
IRAN’S ISLAMIC REVOLUTIONARY GUARD 
CORPS: FUELING MIDDLE EAST TURMOIL 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps: Fueling Middle East Turmoil’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE PARIS ATTACKS: A STRATEGIC SHIFT 
BY ISIS? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Paris Attacks: A Strategic Shift by ISIS?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ASSESSING THE PRESIDENT’S STRATEGY 
IN AFGHANISTAN 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Assessing the President’s Strategy in Afghani-stan’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
U.S. STRATEGIC INTERESTS AND THE APEC 
AND EAST ASIA SUMMITS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Stra-tegic Interests and the APEC and East Asia Sum-mits’’. Testimony was heard from Michael H. Fuchs, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Strategy and Multilateral Affairs, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, Department of State; and Bruce Hirsh, As-sistant U.S. Trade Representative for Japan, Korea, and APEC, Office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
held a markup on H.R. 1670, the ‘‘National POW/ MIA Remembrance Act of 2015’’; hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Customer Service for the Copyright Community: Ensuring the Copyright Office and the Library of Congress Are Able To Meet the Demands of the Digital Age’’. H.R. 1670 was ordered re-ported, without amendment. Testimony was heard from David S. Mao, Acting Librarian of Congress; Maria A. Pallante, Register of Copyrights, U.S. Copyright Office; and Joel C. Willemssen, Managing Director for Information Technology, Government Accountability Office. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2831, to make technical amend-ments to update statutory references to provisions classified to chapters 44, 45, 46, and 47 of title 50, United States Code; H.R. 2832, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code; and H.R. 1584, the ‘‘CARDER Act of 2015’’. H.R. 
1584 was ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 2831 and H.R. 2832 were ordered reported, as amended. 
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE CENTENNIAL 
ACT 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing on discussion draft of the ‘‘National Park Service Centennial Act’’. Testimony was heard from Jonathan B. Jarvis, Director, Na-tional Park Service; and public witnesses. 
CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY 
THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
a conference report to accompany H.R. 22, the ‘‘Sur-face Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that waives all points of order against the con-ference report and against its consideration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be consid-ered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered without intervention of any motion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if applicable. The rule states that debate on the conference report is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. Testimony was heard from Chairman Shuster and Representative DeFazio. 
OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL 
POLICY: REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Office of National Drug Control Pol-icy: Reauthorization’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Botticelli, Director, National Drug Control Policy, Office of National Drug Control Policy; David Maurer, Director, Justice and Law Enforce-ment Issues, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
DECEMBER 3, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
supporting the warfighter of today and tomorrow, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02DE5.REC D02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1269 December 2, 2015 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an 
oversight hearing to examine implementation of the Alas-ka National Interest Lands Conservation Act of 1980, in-cluding perspectives on the Act’s impacts in Alaska and suggestions for improvements to the Act, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on the United States role in the Middle East, 9 a.m., S–116, Capitol. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Robert A. Salerno, and Darlene Michele Soltys, both to be an As-sociate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia for the term of fifteen years, and Carol Waller Pope, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2019 (Reappointment), 10 a.m., SD–342. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services , Subcommittee on Readi-
ness, hearing entitled ‘‘Effects of Reduced Infrastructure and Base Operating Support Investments on Readiness’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled 
‘‘Stakeholder Views on Military Health Care’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on En-
vironment and the Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Nu-clear Waste Fund: Budgetary, Funding, and Scoring Issues’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Broadcasting Ownership in the 21st Century’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Driv-ing Away with Taxpayer Dollars: DHS’s Failure to Effec-tively Manage the FPS Vehicle Fleet’’, 10 a.m., 311 Can-non. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Subcommittee on Immigra-
tion and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Executive Office for Immigration Review’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Energy, hearing on H.R. 4084, the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , Subcommittee on Economic 
Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Em-ployers of Choice: How the Tax Extender Debate Will Affect Small Business’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
the economic outlook, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02DE5.REC D02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1270 December 2, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, December 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. Senators should expect a se-ries of roll call votes at 1:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, December 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
8—North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. Consideration of the conference report to ac-company H.R. 22—Surface Transportation Reauthoriza-tion and Reform Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1693 
Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1695 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1697 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1696 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1697 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1695 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1696 Graves, Tom, Ga., E1695 Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E1697 
Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1698 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E1694 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1693 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1697 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1695 Marino, Tom, Pa., E1693 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1693 Riggell, E. Scott, Va., E1694 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1695 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1696, E1698 
Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1699 Stutzman, Marlin A., Ind., E1698 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1696 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1695, E1696, E1698 Titus, Dina, Nev., E1694 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1697 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1694 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02DE5.REC D02DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST