Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8417 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 2015 No. 172 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
November 30, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J EFF 
DENHAM to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Gracious God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
You have blessed us with all good 
gifts, and this past week, with thankful hearts we gathered with family and loved ones throughout this great land to celebrate our blessings together. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House, who have been entrusted with the privilege to serve our Nation, and all Americans in their need. Grant them to work together in respect and affection, and to remain faithful in the responsibilities they have been given. 
In the few weeks remaining in this 
first session, may those issues pressing upon the Nation be considered and ad-dressed to the benefit of all. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. POE of Texas led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
PRESIDENT’S LEGACY OF FAILURE 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, the President’s legacy of trag-ic failure is more revealing every day as refugees flee conflict, with children drowning at sea. He should change course to build peace and avoid mur-derous attacks on American families. 
I appreciate The Washington Post’s 
editorial page, Editor Fred Hiatt, who clarified last week: 
‘‘He withdrew all U.S. troops from 
Iraq when experts advised that a resid-ual force of 15,000 would help to keep a fragile peace. He bombed Libya to overthrow its dictator but opposed a small NATO training force that might have stabilized the new government.’’ 
The President’s failure to enforce a 
declared red line in Syria, the Presi-dent’s abandonment of the people of Iraq, the President’s capitulation to the autocrats of Iran allowing nuclear development, and the President’s be-trayal of Israel have been catastrophic and created chaos. 
It is not too late for the President to 
change course to promote peace in the Middle East. To allow safe havens for Islamist radicals abroad is a threat to American families at home. Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM tells the truth. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the 
global war on terrorism. 
f 
THE ISIS THREAT IS NOT A MYTH 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ISIS 
has vowed to takes its murderous Is-lamic jihad to America. There are ISIS fighters already here and more on the way. Meanwhile, the President wants to add thousands more unvetted Syrian refugees to the mix, this when his own FBI Director says the Federal Govern-ment cannot effectively conduct proper security checks on these Syrian na-tionals. 
Over half of the State Governors 
have refused to take refugees because of the inability to fully vet them. But the administration says States have to take the refugees, whether they like it or not. 
The law says the Federal Govern-
ment must ‘‘consult’’ with States re-garding refugee resettlement, but it is unclear if they can be rejected by the States. That is why I have introduced the States’ Right of Refugee Refusal Act. This bill gives State Governors the choice to accept refugees or not. 
Let’s resolve this now with legisla-
tion, not lawsuits. We don’t have years to wait for the courts to decide. Mean-while, let’s ramp up aid to Syrian ref-ugee camps overseas and encourage our Middle Eastern allies like the Saudi Arabians to step up and help. 
The ISIS threat is not a myth. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT PRESERVES 
LIBERTY 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.000 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8418 November 30, 2015 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, thanks 
to a measure Congress passed earlier this year, at 11:59 p.m. this past Satur-day, the National Security Agency ended its collection of Americans’ tele-phone call data. 
After revelations about NSA data 
collection that many Americans, my-self included, believe violated Fourth Amendment protections against search and seizure, Congress passed the USA Freedom Act to end this activity. De-spite violating privacy of millions of Americans, this program had never generated intelligence that prevented terrorist activity. Americans spoke out, and Congress acted. 
Our Nation’s security should be the 
government’s first priority, yet we should never sacrifice liberty for a pro-gram that doesn’t even increase our safety. As Benjamin Franklin stated: ‘‘Those who give up essential liberty, to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.’’ 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 20, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 20, 2015 at 10:06 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 95. 
That the Senate passed S. 2328. That the Senate passed S. 1550. That the Senate agree to House amend-
ment to the bill S. 599. 
Appointment: Congressional Award Board With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by Speaker pro tempore M
ESSER on Monday, November 
23, 2015: 
S. 599, to extend and expand the Med-
icaid emergency psychiatric dem-onstration project. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1600 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 
4 p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Sherman Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
GRASSROOTS RURAL AND SMALL 
COMMUNITY WATER SYSTEMS ASSISTANCE ACT 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 611) to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize technical as-sistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 611 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grassroots 
Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Safe Drinking Water Act Amend-
ments of 1996 (Public Law 104–182) authorized technical assistance for small and rural com-munities to assist those communities in complying with regulations promulgated pursuant to the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); 
(2) technical assistance and compliance 
training— 
(A) ensures that Federal regulations do not 
overwhelm the resources of small and rural communities; and 
(B) provides small and rural communities 
lacking technical resources with the nec-essary skills to improve and protect water resources; 
(3) across the United States, more than 90 
percent of the community water systems serve a population of less than 10,000 individ-uals; 
(4) small and rural communities have the 
greatest difficulty providing safe, affordable public drinking water and wastewater serv-ices due to limited economies of scale and lack of technical expertise; and 
(5) in addition to being the main source of 
compliance assistance, small and rural water technical assistance has been the main source of emergency response assistance in small and rural communities. SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) to assist small and rural communities 
most effectively, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency should prioritize the types of technical assistance that are most beneficial to those commu-nities, based on input from those commu-nities; and 
(2) local support is the key to making Fed-
eral assistance initiatives work in small and rural communities to the maximum benefit. 
SEC. 4. FUNDING PRIORITIES. 
Section 1442(e) of the Safe Drinking Water 
Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–1(e)) is amended— 
(1) by designating the first through sev-
enth sentences as paragraphs (1) through (7), respectively; 
(2) in paragraph (5) (as so designated), by 
striking ‘‘1997 through 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2020’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may 
use amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants or cooperative agreements to nonprofit organizations that provide to small public water systems onsite technical assistance, circuit-rider technical assistance programs, multistate, regional technical assistance programs, onsite and re-gional training, assistance with imple-menting source water protection plans, and assistance with implementing monitoring plans, rules, regulations, and water security enhancements. 
‘‘(B) P
REFERENCE .—To ensure that tech-
nical assistance funding is used in a manner that is most beneficial to the small and rural communities of a State, the Administrator shall give preference under this paragraph to nonprofit organizations that, as determined by the Administrator, are the most qualified and experienced in providing training and technical assistance to small public water systems and that the small community water systems in that State find to be the most beneficial and effective. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—No grant or cooperative 
agreement provided or otherwise made avail-able under this section may be used for liti-gation pursuant to section 1449.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) and the gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. S ARBANES ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to take a few 
minutes to explain why we are pushing this bill and what the bill does. 
The smallest water systems of our 
country account for 77 percent of all systems. These smaller and rural com-munities, with populations of 10,000 or less, have a high percentage of systems in significant noncompliance with drinking water regulations and face significant challenges in maintaining, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.003 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8419 November 30, 2015 
replacing, or upgrading aging and obso-
lete drinking water and wastewater in-frastructure. 
A major source of financial stress for 
small and rural drinking water supply systems is compliance with a number of drinking water regulations issued by the Environmental Protection Agency under the Safe Drinking Water Act. 
Unlike water systems in larger mar-
kets, these same small and rural com-munities do not have the rate base or access to capital markets to fund the cost of some projects and still main-tain affordable rates. As a result, these communities depend heavily on Fed-eral and State grants and subsidized loan programs to finance their needs. 
Many times, simply giving them 
more money is not the answer. These communities may need access to tech-nical professionals to help find the most cost-effective way to meet these new standards. Technical assistance of-fered by EPA has historically enabled small public water systems to identify affordable repair and replacement op-tions for their systems. 
Currently, section 1442(e) of the Safe 
Drinking Water Act provides EPA au-thority to provide technical assistance to ‘‘small public water systems’’ to en-able these systems to achieve and maintain compliance with applicable Federal drinking water regulations and to help small public water systems re-spond to environmental stressors, in-cluding through ‘‘circuit-rider’’ and multi-State regional technical assist-ance programs, training, and prelimi-nary engineering evaluations. 
S. 611 reauthorizes EPA’s technical 
assistance program through 2020 for small public water systems, maintain-ing the existing funding level of $15 million annually, including 3 percent for technical assistance to public water systems owned and operated by Indian tribes. 
In addition, S. 611 authorizes EPA 
funding under section 1442 of the Safe Drinking Water Act. This funding is used to provide grants or cooperative agreements to nonprofit organizations to provide technical assistance to small public water systems. This tech-nical assistance will help these systems achieve and maintain compliance with national primary drinking water regu-lations. 
These grants or cooperative agree-
ments are supposed to go to nonprofits with a history of providing certain types of on-site technical assistance and training, and EPA should give pref-erence to those nonprofits that the Ad-ministrator determines are most quali-fied and experienced in providing train-ing and technical assistance to small public water systems that small public water systems find most beneficial and effective. 
Finally, S. 611 prohibits these grants 
and cooperative agreements from being used to bring a citizen suit under the Safe Drinking Water Act. 
The Senate passed this bill by unani-
mous consent. The Energy and Com-merce Committee reported it by voice 
vote. Our strong vote today sends this bill right to the White House and, I ex-pect, into law. 
I urge all Members to support S. 611. And I want to thank the ranking 
member, Mr. T
ONKO , and the gentleman 
from Mississippi (Mr. H ARPER ), my col-
league, for their diligence in pushing this legislation forward. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I too rise in support of S. 611, the 
Grassroots Rural and Small Commu-nity Water Systems Assistance Act. This legislation will reauthorize fund-ing to nonprofits that provide tech-nical assistance to small public water systems under the Safe Drinking Water Act. 
Small and rural water systems face 
unique challenges. These systems have a smaller rate base, making it difficult to afford necessary upgrades and main-tenance, and often lack the expertise to comply with national drinking water standards. 
S. 611 will prioritize funding to non-
profits that provide technical assist-ance to these small public water sys-tems, giving them the needed expertise to tackle these challenges. This is a small but a very important step to-
wards resolving our Nation’s drinking water problems. 
As we know, aging infrastructure, 
problems with source water quality, and limited budgets are taking a toll on drinking water systems. The chang-ing climate is creating further chal-lenges. Public water systems are facing extreme conditions that are endan-gering our drinking water. Severe storms, algal blooms, extreme droughts, and saltwater intrusion are some of the examples of the conditions these systems face, all of which are af-fecting public water systems’ ability to provide safe drinking water to our communities. 
Small public water systems rely on 
technical assistance from nonprofit or-ganizations to navigate everything from routine maintenance to managing these complex situations to ensure that the water that they provide is safe for their consumers. 
S. 611 is one step of many that we 
must take to address our Nation’s drinking water issues. Our Nation’s water systems serve over 272 million people, and, according to EPA, they re-quire infrastructure investments of $334 billion over the next 17 years. 
I look forward to continued bipar-
tisan support for water-related legisla-tion, including reauthorization of the Safe Drinking Water Act and State Re-volving Fund, so that we can address the myriad of issues that are facing our drinking water systems. 
I would like also to thank Environ-
ment and the Economy Subcommittee Ranking Member T
ONKO and Rep-
resentative H ARPER for their work on 
this important issue. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in sup-
port of this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, the 
State of Mississippi has led in this leg-islation from our former colleague, now-Senator R
OGER WICKER . 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman 
from Mississippi (Mr. H ARPER ), the au-
thor on the House side of the com-mittee. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for yielding. 
Across our country, over 90 percent 
of community water systems serve a population of less than 10,000. The 1996 amendments to the Safe Drinking Water Act authorized technical assist-ance for small and rural communities to assist them in complying with rules and regulations promulgated under the act. 
This important technical assistance 
and compliance training ensures that Federal regulations do not overwhelm the resources of small and rural com-munities. It also allows small commu-nities access to assistance which is necessary to improve and protect their water resources. Without these initia-tives, effective implementation of the Safe Drinking Water Act and Clean Water Act in rural areas would be near-ly impossible. 
In addition to being the main source 
of compliance assistance, rural water technical assistance has been invalu-able in emergency responses in small and rural communities. 
Rural water technicians led the as-
sistance effort in the wake of Hurri-cane Katrina, where hundreds of com-munities relied on assistance from the local and surrounding State rural water associations for immediate as-sistance in restoring drinking water and sanitation services. 
S. 611, the Grassroots Rural and 
Small Community Water Systems As-sistance Act, would help ensure that this technical assistance continues. 
As the author of the House com-
panion bill, H.R. 2853, I appreciate the Energy and Commerce Committee’s commitment to this issue and espe-cially want to thank Chairman S
HIM-
KUS and Ranking Member T ONKO and 
the entire Environment and Economy Subcommittee staff for the time and effort they have invested in discus-sions, negotiations, legislative hear-ings, and markup of this legislation. 
Throughout this process, my friend 
Kirby Mayfield, who is the executive director of the Mississippi Rural Water Association, and Mike Keegan with the National Rural Water Association and others have provided a wealth of knowledge in helping to develop and shepherd this legislation. 
I would also like to thank Senator 
R
OGER WICKER and his staff for sharing 
my deep interest in this issue and for authoring S. 611 and working towards its passage in the Senate and in the House. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, thank you for 
your attention to this issue that af-fects so many of our constituents. 
I encourage all Members to support 
S. 611. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.007 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8420 November 30, 2015 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), a distinguished member of the 
Energy and Commerce Committee and ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Environment and the Economy. And I thank him for his work on this piece of legislation. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Maryland for yielding. 
I rise in support of this bill. S. 611, 
the Grassroots Rural and Small Com-munity Water Systems Assistance Act, reauthorizes a small but important program that delivers technical assist-ance and training to our community water systems. 
I want to thank Representative H
AR-
PER for introducing H.R. 2853, the 
House companion bill to Senator W
ICKER ’s bill, and I am proud to be a 
cosponsor of that legislation. 
I also want to thank Chairman 
UPTON , our Ranking Member P ALLONE , 
Chairman S HIMKUS , and the Energy and 
Commerce staff for working with us on report language to clarify language in this bill so that we can indeed provide a wide range of technical assistance that would help small water systems, such as source water protection, sys-tem monitoring and efficiency, sus-tainability, and water security aspects. 
Many small and rural communities, 
with populations of 10,000 or less, face challenges in maintaining and upgrad-ing aging water infrastructure. The ratepayer base for these small systems simply does not provide a sufficient op-erating budget to support full-time technical positions. 
Source water quality problems, re-
sulting in system shutdowns and ex-pensive treatment processes, are an in-creasing problem for far too many pub-lic water systems due to inadequate at-tention to nonpoint source pollution. 
In other areas, drought has affected 
both water quality and quantity, chal-lenging the ability of water utilities to meet their basic service obligations. 
Technical assistance for small sys-
tems is essential to finding the most cost-effective solutions to these prob-lems. I know that the Circuit Rider program in New York serves many small public water systems and pro-vides essential technical support to small system operators. 
S. 611 would authorize the appropria-
tion of $15 million annually, from 2016 to 2020, for the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s program that provides technical assistance to these given sys-tems. 
The previous authorization for this 
program expired back in 2003. It has been nearly 20 years since we last au-thorized this program, along with the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, the SRF, the primary source of Federal funding for water infrastructure. 
The Drinking Water SRF’s authoriza-
tion also expired in 2003. It too needs to be reauthorized and at a higher level than was provided in 2003 to support all systems, small and large, to make the 
necessary repairs and the necessary up-grades. 
b1615 
Across our country, we experience 
over 700 water main breaks per day— 700 per day—breaks that result in losses of treated water, not just water that is lost in those breaks, but con-sumer tax dollars and rate dollars, and with a growing backlog of drinking 
water infrastructure needs, estimated at $384.2 billion over the next 20 years in the EPA’s fifth national assessment of public water system infrastructure needs. That indeed is staggering. 
It is clear we should be doing much 
more to assist our States and water utilities to reduce this backlog. Re-cently we came together to pass a bi-partisan, long-term surface transpor-tation bill. It had the overwhelming bi-partisan support of this House. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that 
our roads and bridges are in desperate need of investment. But we cannot for-get about the hidden infrastructure, the critical, unseen, out-of-sight and out-of-mind infrastructure that we rely upon to deliver safe, reliable, and af-fordable drinking water. We have ne-glected this essential infrastructure for far too long already. It, too, needs more Federal funding and a long-term reauthorization. 
Infrastructure does not repair itself. 
It does not improve with age. Our inac-tion is only adding to the expenses of State and local governments and forc-ing increases in water utility rates for given consumers. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 611 is a good bill and 
a good start. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, but I hope we use this opportunity as a challenge, as a chal-lenge to recognize that this is just the beginning of the drinking water infra-structure issues that we face. We must come together to reauthorize the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, again 
I want to urge my colleagues to sup-port this important measure, S. 611. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, there is 
a lot to be done on infrastructure, and safe drinking water is among those im-portant things. My district is very large and rural, with 33 counties in southern Illinois. This bill will help. 
We need to do what we can now, and 
hopefully this success, as my colleague Mr. T
ONKO has said, will help us build 
on future areas where we can work to-gether. Mr. T
ONKO will continue to be a 
rabid dog on this issue, and I appre-ciate his commitment for further dis-cussions. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIM-
KUS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, S. 611. The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING STATE AND 
LOCAL CYBER CRIME FIGHTING ACT 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3490) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3490 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening 
State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL COM-
PUTER FORENSICS INSTITUTE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title VIII of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 822. NATIONAL COMPUTER FORENSICS IN-
STITUTE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in the 
Department a National Computer Forensics In-stitute (in this section referred to as the ‘Insti-tute’), to be operated by the United States Secret Service, for the dissemination of homeland secu-rity information related to the investigation and prevention of cyber and electronic crime and re-lated threats to educate, train, and equip State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement of-ficers, prosecutors, and judges. 
‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The functions of the Insti-
tute shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) Educating State, local, tribal, and terri-
torial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges on current— 
‘‘(A) cyber and electronic crimes and related 
threats; 
‘‘(B) methods for investigating cyber and elec-
tronic crime and related threats and conducting computer and mobile device forensic examina-tions; and 
‘‘(C) prosecutorial and judicial challenges re-
lated to cyber and electronic crime and related threats, and computer and mobile device foren-sic examinations. 
‘‘(2) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-
torial law enforcement officers to— 
‘‘(A) conduct cyber and electronic crime and 
related threat investigations; 
‘‘(B) conduct computer and mobile device fo-
rensic examinations; and 
‘‘(C) respond to network intrusion incidents. ‘‘(3) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-
torial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges on methods to obtain, process, store, and admit digital evidence in court. 
‘‘(c) P
RINCIPLES .—In carrying out the func-
tions under subsection (b), the Institute shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that timely, actionable, and relevant expertise and homeland security information related to cyber and elec-tronic crime and related threats is shared with State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforce-ment officers, prosecutors, and judges. 
‘‘(d) E
QUIPMENT .—The Institute is authorized 
to provide State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges with computer equipment, hardware, software, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.008 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8421 November 30, 2015 
manuals, and tools necessary to conduct cyber 
and electronic crime and related threats inves-tigations and computer and mobile device foren-sic examinations. 
‘‘(e) E
LECTRONIC CRIME TASKFORCES .—The 
Institute shall facilitate the expansion of the Se-cret Service’s network of Electronic Crime Task Forces through the addition of task force offi-cers of State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges educated and trained at the Institute, in addi-tion to academia and private sector stake-holders. 
‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITHFEDERAL LAWEN-
FORCEMENT TRAINING CENTER .—The Institute 
shall seek opportunities to coordinate with the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center with-in the Department to help enhance, to the ex-tent practicable, the training provided by the Center to stakeholders, including by helping to ensure that such training reflects timely, action-able, and relevant expertise in homeland secu-rity information related to cyber and electronic crime and related threats.’’. 
(b) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDING .—No additional 
funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendment made by this Act. This Act and such amendment shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise available for such purposes. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 821 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 822. National Computer Forensics Insti-
tute.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 3490 currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, the National Computer 
Forensics Institute serves a vital pur-pose in preparing State and local law enforcement to combat computer and cybercrime, and I am pleased to sup-port this legislation. 
The United States Department of 
Justice has declared that cybercrime ‘‘is one of the greatest threats facing our country’’ and that cybercrime has ‘‘enormous implications for our na-tional security, economic prosperity, and public safety.’’ 
The Justice Department has also 
stated that ‘‘the range of threats and the challenges they present for law en-forcement expand just as rapidly as technology evolves.’’ 
With this in mind, the National Com-
puter Forensics Institute serves the vital purpose of providing legal and ju-dicial professionals a free comprehen-sive education on current cybercrime trends, investigative methods, and 
prosecutorial and judicial challenges. 
The National Computer Forensics In-
stitute is a 32,000-square-foot facility located in Hoover, Alabama. This Insti-tute boasts three multipurpose class-rooms, two network investigations classrooms, a mock courtroom, and a forensics lab. 
Special agents of the United States 
Secret Service staff the Institute and work diligently training attendees in modern counter-cybercrime procedures and evidence collection. When the attendees leave, they take with them the critical knowledge and equipment required to conduct autonomous and thorough cybercrime investigations at their home agencies. 
Since its creation in 2008, the Insti-
tute has earned praise for its work in preparing America’s local law enforce-ment in how to deal with these impor-tant technology issues. 
Over the last 7 years, the Institute 
has instructed law enforcement profes-sionals from every State in the country and from over 500 different law enforce-ment agencies. 
In fact, law enforcement in my own 
district has benefited from NCFI train-ing, including Lynchburg Common-wealth’s Attorney Mike Doucette and his staff. 
Each professional educated at the In-
stitute is a force multiplier for the Se-cret Service. After successful comple-tion of the program, the students can bring their new knowledge back to their local agency to inform their col-leagues how to properly conduct com-puter forensic investigations. 
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that, 
for our Nation to successfully combat the cybercrime threat, we must sup-port legislation such as H.R. 3490. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) for sponsoring 
this important legislation. 
Authorizing the existing National 
Computer Forensics Institute in Fed-eral law will cement its position as a high-tech cybercrime training facility and will help law enforcement profes-sionals nationwide in their efforts to combat cyber- and computer crimes. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3490, the Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act. This bill establishes the National Computer Forensics Institute as an official Fed-eral program which will be managed by the Department of Homeland Security and operated by the United States Se-cret Service. 
I support this bill because it address-
es a topic that is critically important to our country. Cybercrime poses an enormous threat to national security, economic prosperity, and public safety. The range of threats and the challenges they present for law enforcement ex-pand just as rapidly as technology evolves. In fact, Mr. Speaker, during the past 
decade, our Federal law enforcement community has observed a significant increase in the quality, quantity, and complexity of cybercrimes targeting private industry, including our finan-cial services sector. 
These crimes include intrusions, 
hacking attacks, the installation of malicious software, and data breaches that have exposed the personal infor-mation of millions of U.S. citizens as well as members of our law enforce-ment and intelligence services. 
To date, the National Computer 
Forensics Institute has trained more than 800 State and local law enforce-ment officers and approximately 238 prosecutors. With this legislation, the Institute will continue to educate State and local law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, and judges on cur-rent trends in cyber- and electronic crimes investigations and the Institute will train them on proper procedures to conduct these important investiga-tions. 
In addition, the National Computer 
Forensics Institute will continue to work to protect our citizens’ personal information from unwarranted govern-ment intrusion. By establishing na-tional standards for conducting cybercrime investigations, the Insti-tute will promote these important pri-vacy interests. 
Finally, it is important to highlight 
the successful efforts that have already taken place to combat the ever-grow-
ing threat of cybercrime. As the oper-ator of the National Computer Forensics Institute, the Secret Service has demonstrated its expertise in pur-suing cybercrime investigations. 
The Secret Service’s investigations 
have resulted in over 4,900 arrests, as-sociated with more than $1.4 billion in fraud losses and the prevention of over $11 billion in potential fraud losses dur-ing the past 5 years. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, this legisla-
tion will assist law enforcement in con-tinuing to combat the threats cybercrime poses to national security, economic prosperity, and public safety. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in supporting this important legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ), the chief spon-
sor of this legislation. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for his leadership on these issues. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 3490, the Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act. This bill will authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, or NCFI, which is located in Hoover, Alabama. 
Mr. Speaker, when FBI Director Jim 
Comey recently testified before the House Judiciary Committee, he told us that ‘‘an element of virtually every na-tional security threat and crime prob-lem the FBI faces is cyber-based or fa-cilitated.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.006 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8422 November 30, 2015 
I want to pause and let that sink in 
for a minute because it makes a perfect case for this bill. The fact that our Federal law enforcement is seeing a cyber element to almost every national security threat and crime problem is incredibly compelling because you can be certain that our State and local law enforcement are seeing the same trend, but with a lot fewer opportunities to learn how to address it. 
Now, we have all seen the crime 
shows on TV where pieces of DNA evi-dence—a strand of hair or a drop of blood—are used to solve a case. But in today’s world, we have to rely upon digital evidence, an email that was sent or an online purchase that was made or geolocation technology that places an individual at the scene of the crime. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s cybercriminals 
present new challenges to law enforce-ment, prosecutors, and judges. It no longer takes a sophisticated cybercriminal to compromise personal and sensitive information of U.S. com-panies and everyday Americans. Any criminal can now easily obtain from the dark Web the cyber exploit tools that are needed to create this type of havoc. 
And so, with the ever-increasing 
number of cyberattacks, it is vital that our State and local law enforcement, prosecutors, and judges be properly trained to respond to cybercrime and to protect the American people. 
The NCFI, which my bill authorizes, 
does just that. The NCFI was created in 2007 by the State of Alabama and is now operated by the United States Se-cret Service for the purpose of training State and local law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, and judges on how to investigate cyber- and electronic crimes, on methods for conducting computer and mobile device forensic examinations, and on performing net-work intrusion investigations. 
The NCFI has already garnered a rep-
utation as the premier crime-training center in the Nation, supporting State and local law enforcement investiga-tors, prosecutors, and judges. To date, it has already trained and equipped more than 4,500 local law enforcement officials from all 50 States. 
These NCFI graduates—all of whom 
are now equipped to hit back on cybercrime—represent more than 1,500 agencies nationwide, including agen-cies from Texas’ Fourth Congressional District that I represent, like the Greenville Police Department, the Hunt County District Attorney’s Of-fice, and the Collin County Sheriff’s Of-fice. 
Kelli Aiken, an assistant district at-
torney from Hunt County, told us that her training at the NCFI had ‘‘trans-formed their evidence collection and prosecution, leading to more successful apprehensions, more prosecutions, and more convictions.’’ 
So you see, Mr. Speaker, this isn’t 
some highly theoretical bill where the rubber never meets the road. This piece of legislation takes what is already 
working and formalizes these practices to better amplify their impact going forward. 
This bill gives our law enforcement 
across the country the necessary tools and training to successfully fight cybercriminals in the 21st century. That is why I am honored to introduce it and why I am grateful for its vote today here in the House. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
b1630 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman. 
As has been noted, prior to 2008, 
training for State and local law en-forcement in cybercrimes was difficult to find. 
Recognizing this problem in 2007, the 
State of Alabama took the lead and of-fered the Secret Service and the De-partment of Homeland Security prop-erty and funds to construct a state-of- the-art facility if the Federal Govern-ment would fund the training and allow the Secret Service to operate it. I am proud to say this facility is lo-cated in my district in the city of Hoo-ver. 
Since the NCFI opened its doors in 
May of 2008, State and local law en-forcement officers, as has been men-tioned already, have come from all across the Nation for vital training in this one-of-a-kind facility, where they are trained by Secret Service agents on the same equipment and software that our Secret Service agents use. NCFI has trained law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges from all 50 States, and literally has graduates from hundreds of agencies around the country. 
I am very proud of the work that 
NCFI is doing, that it is being recog-nized, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 3490. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. At this time, Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 3490, the Strengthening the State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act, which amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Home-land Security a National Computer Forensics Institute. 
As the Ranking Member on the Sub-
committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity and Investigations, as well as a senior Member of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, I am well aware of the threats that our na-tion faces in cyberspace. 
H.R. 3490 directs the U.S. Secret Service to 
disseminate homeland security information re-lated to the investigation and prevention of cyber and electronic crime, including threats or acts of terrorism, to educate, train, and equip state, local, tribal, and territorial law enforce-ment officers, prosecutors, and judges. 
I am pleased that H.R. 3490 includes two 
important amendments that I offered during the Homeland Security Markup. The first Jackson Lee Amendment provides 
local, state, territorial and tribal law enforce-ment access to the cybercrime expertise of the Secret Service in collecting, retaining and processing evidence found on digital devices. 
This amendment makes vital federal 
cybercrime investigative resource available to local, state, territorial and tribal law enforce-ment. 
The U.S. Secret Service maintains Elec-
tronic Crimes Task Forces focusing on identi-fying and locating international cyber criminals connected to cyber intrusions, bank fraud, data breaches, and other computer-related crimes. 
The Secret Service’s Cyber Intelligence 
Section has directly contributed to the arrest of transnational cyber criminals responsible for the theft of hundreds of millions of credit card numbers and the loss of approximately $600 million to financial and retail institutions. 
The Secret Service also runs the National 
Computer Forensic Institute, which provides law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges with cyber training and information to combat cybercrime. 
The second Jackson Lee Amendment to 
H.R. 3490 provides assurances that nothing in this Act shall be construed to abridge or impair the rights of persons in the United States pro-tection by the Fourth and Fifth Amendments to the United States Constitution. 
As the work law enforcement and national 
security personnel must rely more and more on their ability to access information in cyber space or what might be stored on personal devices, it is important that the public knows and understands that their Constitutional rights must and will be protected. 
I know that the Chairs and Ranking Mem-
bers of the House Committees on the Judici-ary and Homeland Security, and many other colleagues have worked side-by-side to as-sure that our efforts to combat terrorism at home do not diminish the liberties that we all cherish. 
I urge all Members to vote for H.R. 3490. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of H.R. 3490, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act’’. 
H.R. 3490 amends the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 to authorize the National Com-puter Forensics Institute, or NCFI, as operated by the U.S. Secret Service to educate and 
train State, local, tribal, and territorial law en-forcement officers, prosecutors, and judges about techniques and procedures related to the investigation and prevention of cyber, elec-tronic, and information security crimes, includ-ing threats or acts of terrorism. 
The training model used at the Institute is 
based upon the Secret Service’s successful cyber investigative strategy, which relies on partnering with and sharing information be-tween academia, private industry and law en-forcement to combat the ever-evolving threat of cyber crime. 
This bipartisan measure, authored by the 
Chairman of the Committee’s Cybersecurity Subcommittee Chairman, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , does a couple of impor-
tant things. 
First, to ensure that the important work of 
the NCFI continues, it authorizes this federally funded training center, which has operated in Hoover, Alabama since 2008, in the Homeland Security Act. 
Second, it seeks to raise the quality of cyber 
forensic training provided throughout the De-partment of Homeland Security by directing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.012 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8423 November 30, 2015 
the NCFI to seek opportunities to coordinate 
with the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC), including by helping to en-sure that such training reflects timely, action-able, and relevant expertise in homeland se-curity information related to cyber and elec-tronic crime and related threats. 
Lastly, it directs the Secret Service to ex-
pand its network of Electronic Crime Task Forces through the addition of task force offi-cers, prosecutors, and judges educated and trained at the Institute, in addition to academia and private sector stakeholders. 
For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3490, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
OPEN BOOK ON EQUAL ACCESS TO 
JUSTICE ACT 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3279) to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require annual reports to Congress on, and the mainte-nance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing par-ties in certain administrative pro-ceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3279 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Open Book 
on Equal Access to Justice Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATION OF EQUAL ACCESS TO 
JUSTICE PROVISIONS. 
(a) A GENCY PROCEEDINGS .—Section 504 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘, 
United States Code’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (i); and 
(3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e)(1) The Chairman of the Administra-
tive Conference of the United States, after consultation with the Chief Counsel for Ad-vocacy of the Small Business Administra-tion, shall report to the Congress, not later than March 31 of each year through the 6th calendar year beginning after the initial re-port under this subsection is submitted, on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded during the preceding fiscal year pur-suant to this section. The report shall de-scribe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the con-troversy, and any other relevant information that may aid the Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. The report shall be made available to the public online. 
‘‘(2)(A) The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this section that are made pursuant to a settlement 
agreement, regardless of whether the settle-ment agreement is sealed or otherwise sub-ject to nondisclosure provisions. 
‘‘(B) The disclosure of fees and other ex-
penses required under subparagraph (A) does not affect any other information that is sub-ject to nondisclosure provisions in the settle-ment agreement. 
‘‘(f) The Chairman of the Administrative 
Conference shall create and maintain, during the period beginning on the date the initial report under subsection (e) is submitted and ending one year after the date on which the final report under that subsection is sub-mitted, online a searchable database con-taining the following information with re-spect to each award of fees and other ex-penses under this section: 
‘‘(1) The case name and number of the ad-
versary adjudication, if available. 
‘‘(2) The name of the agency involved in 
the adversary adjudication. 
‘‘(3) A description of the claims in the ad-
versary adjudication. 
‘‘(4) The name of each party to whom the 
award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other agency document mak-ing the award. 
‘‘(5) The amount of the award. ‘‘(6) The basis for the finding that the posi-
tion of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. 
‘‘(g) The online searchable database de-
scribed in subsection (f) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or court order. 
‘‘(h) The head of each agency shall provide 
to the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of subsections (e), (f), and (g).’’. 
(b) C
OURT CASES.—Section 2412(d) of title 
28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5)(A) The Chairman of the Administra-
tive Conference of the United States shall submit to the Congress, not later than March 31 of each year through the 6th cal-endar year beginning after the initial report under this paragraph is submitted, a report on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded during the preceding fiscal year pur-suant to this subsection. The report shall de-scribe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in each con-troversy, and any other relevant information that may aid the Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. The report shall be made available to the public online. 
‘‘(B)(i) The report required by subpara-
graph (A) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this subsection that are made pursuant to a set-tlement agreement, regardless of whether the settlement agreement is sealed or other-wise subject to nondisclosure provisions. 
‘‘(ii) The disclosure of fees and other ex-
penses required under clause (i) does not af-fect any other information that is subject to nondisclosure provisions in the settlement agreement. 
‘‘(C) The Chairman of the Administrative 
Conference shall include and clearly identify in the annual report under subparagraph (A), for each case in which an award of fees and other expenses is included in the report— 
‘‘(i) any amounts paid from section 1304 of 
title 31 for a judgment in the case; 
‘‘(ii) the amount of the award of fees and 
other expenses; and 
‘‘(iii) the statute under which the plaintiff 
filed suit. 
‘‘(6) The Chairman of the Administrative 
Conference shall create and maintain, during the period beginning on the date the initial report under paragraph (5) is submitted and ending one year after the date on which the 
final report under that paragraph is sub-mitted, online a searchable database con-taining the following information with re-spect to each award of fees and other ex-penses under this subsection: 
‘‘(A) The case name and number. ‘‘(B) The name of the agency involved in 
the case. 
‘‘(C) The name of each party to whom the 
award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. 
‘‘(D) A description of the claims in the 
case. 
‘‘(E) The amount of the award. ‘‘(F) The basis for the finding that the po-
sition of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. 
‘‘(7) The online searchable database de-
scribed in paragraph (6) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or court order. 
‘‘(8) The head of each agency (including the 
Attorney General of the United States) shall provide to the Chairman of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the require-ments of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7).’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 2412 of 
title 28, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘United 
States Code,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘of section 2412 of title 28, 
United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this section’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘of such title’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘of this title’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsections (a) and (b) shall first apply with respect to awards of fees and other expenses that are made on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(2) I
NITIAL REPORTS .—The first reports re-
quired by section 504(e) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(5) of title 28, United States Code, shall be submitted not later than March 31 of the calendar year fol-lowing the first calendar year in which a fis-cal year begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(3) O
NLINE DATABASES .—The online data-
bases required by section 504(f) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(6) of title 28, United States Code, shall be estab-lished as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but in no case later than the date on which the first reports under section 504(e) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(5) of title 28, United States Code, are required to be submitted under paragraph (2) of this subsection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3279 currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.007 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8424 November 30, 2015 
I would like to begin by thanking 
Representative D OUGCOLLINS and Con-
stitution Ranking Member S TEVE  
COHEN for introducing this important 
government transparency legislation. 
Every year, pursuant to the Equal 
Access to Justice Act, the Federal Gov-ernment, through settlement or court order, pays millions of dollars in legal fees and costs to parties to lawsuits and administrative adjudications that involve the Federal Government. How-ever, despite the large amount of tax-payer dollars paid out each year, the Federal Government no longer com-prehensively keeps track of the amount of fees and other expenses awarded pursuant to the Equal Access to Justice Act. 
Nor does the government compile and 
report on why these fees and expenses were paid and to whom these costs were awarded. This is because, in 1995, Congress repealed the Department of Justice’s reporting requirements and defunded the Administrative Con-ference of the United States, the agen-cy charged with reporting this basic in-formation to Congress. 
The Administrative Conference was 
reestablished in 2010, but the require-ments to report on fee and cost pay-ments have not been reenacted. Ac-cordingly, there has been no official governmentwide accounting of this in-formation since fiscal year 1994—over 20 years ago. 
This lack of transparency is trou-
bling, given that the Equal Access to Justice Act is considered by many to be the most important Federal fee- shifting statute. Fundamentally, the act recognizes that there is an enor-mous disparity of resources between the Federal Government and individ-uals and small businesses who seek to challenge Federal actions. 
Congress enacted the Equal Access to 
Justice Act to provide individuals, small businesses, and small nonprofit groups with financial incentives to challenge the Federal Government or defend themselves from lawsuits brought by the Federal Government. As the Supreme Court has noted, the act was adopted with the ‘‘specific pur-pose of eliminating for the average per-son the financial disincentive to chal-lenge unreasonable governmental ac-tions.’’ 
But how can we know if the act is 
working well toward this end if we have no data on the awards? Without the data this bill requires the Adminis-trative Conference to compile and re-port, we have nothing more than anec-dotal evidence as to whether the act is providing some measure of relief to the financial disincentive to seeking judi-cial and administrative redress against the Federal Government. 
The legislation we are considering 
today will end this lack of trans-parency and restore the reporting re-
quirements that were repealed in 1995. 
I want to once again thank Rep-
resentatives C
OLLINS and C OHEN for in-
troducing this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3279, the 
Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, as amended. I support this meas-ure for several reasons. 
To begin with, it strengthens the 
Equal Access to Justice Act, an impor-tant law that has helped senior citi-zens, veterans, the disabled, and non-profit organizations vindicate their rights against unreasonable govern-ment action. 
Under the so-called American rule, 
parties to adjudicative matters typi-cally pay their own litigation costs, subject to certain statutory excep-tions. One of these exceptions is the Equal Access to Justice Act, which al-lows a party to be reimbursed for liti-gation costs when he or she is vic-torious against the Federal Govern-ment under specified conditions. 
For example, if the United States can 
show that its position was ‘‘substan-tially justified’’ or that ‘‘special cir-cumstances’’ would make an award un-just, then the prevailing party is not entitled to be reimbursed for his litiga-tion costs. In addition, only certain parties are eligible to be reimbursed for their litigation costs under the act, based on their net worth or exempt sta-tus, among other factors. 
Whether these restrictions still make 
sense is an open question, as Congress simply does not have adequate infor-mation to assess the effectiveness of the act. This is because there has been no comprehensive Federal report on the total amount of fees awarded under the act since 1995, and, as a result, there has simply been conjecture. 
Fortunately, H.R. 3279 addresses this 
shortcoming by requiring annual re-ports on the amount of fees paid under the act to prevailing litigants against the government. As a result of this leg-islation, Congress will know on an an-nual basis the agencies that have been required to reimburse parties for their litigation costs, the claims giving rise to the litigation, and the amount of the awards made under the act, as well as the basis for them. With this infor-mation, Congress will be in a much bet-ter position to assess the implementa-tion of the act and the performance of the agencies as litigants. 
Another reason why I support this 
bill is that it respects the privacy in-terests of the parties who are reim-bursed for their litigation costs pursu-ant to the act. Unfortunately, prior versions of this legislation were unnec-essarily intrusive. Organizations such as the National Organization of Social Security Claimants’ Representatives and the Paralyzed Veterans of America expressed serious concerns that these earlier versions of the bill would ‘‘in-fringe the privacy of vulnerable people who have applied for social security and veterans’ benefits.’’ 
These are real concerns, especially 
given the fact that the bill requires the information collected be made avail-able to the public through the Internet. 
As currently drafted, however, H.R. 3279 strikes the right balance between encouraging transparency while re-specting the legitimate privacy inter-ests of parties. 
Finally, I support this bill because it 
recognizes the important role that the Administrative Conference of the United States has historically played in helping Congress identify inefficien-cies among the Federal agencies and ways to save taxpayer dollars. 
In addition to requiring the Con-
ference to prepare an annual report to Congress detailing the litigation costs reimbursed by the Federal Government to parties, the bill also requires the Conference to provide ‘‘any other rel-evant information that may aid Con-gress in evaluating the scope and im-pact of such awards.’’ 
Given the excellent work and schol-
arly analysis that have been hallmarks of the Conference, I expect its report and its attendant findings will be an invaluable aid to Congress. 
As the Judiciary Committee is the 
authorizing committee for the Con-ference, I encourage our friends on the Appropriations Committee to ensure that the Conference has adequate fund-ing to implement this important legis-lation. 
In closing, I want to recognize my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their diligence in helping to craft this bipartisan legislation. 
The gentleman from Georgia, D
OUG 
COLLINS , and the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, S TEVE COHEN , as well as the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming, C YNTHIA  
LUMMIS , have cooperatively worked to 
effectuate a commonsense bill that will improve the efficiency and account-ability of the Federal Government. 
Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to 
support H.R. 3279. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OL-
LINS), a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee and the chief sponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the chairman for yielding and his work in bringing this to the floor, and I appreciate it. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 3279, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. I introduced this legislation with a bipartisan group of cosponsors to provide additional trans-parency and oversight of taxpayer dol-lars awarded under the Equal Access to Justice Act. 
I want to thank all of the original co-
sponsors of this legislation for their support. In particular, my friend from Tennessee, S
TEVE COHEN , a member of 
the Judiciary Committee, but also a special thank you also to C
YNTHIA  
LUMMIS from Wyoming, who has been 
an advocate of this legislation. I just want to thank her for her tireless work and leadership on this issue as we move forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.016 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8425 November 30, 2015 
H.R. 3279 passed the Judiciary Com-
mittee on a voice vote on October 27, 2015. Almost identical legislation passed both the Judiciary Committee and the full House on a voice vote last Congress. 
The bill reinstates needed trans-
parency and accountability measures to ensure that the Equal Access to Jus-tice Act is helping individuals, retir-ees, veterans, and small businesses as intended. 
Congress originally passed the Equal 
Access to Justice Act in 1980 to remove a barrier to justice for those with lim-ited access to the resources it takes to sue the Federal Government and to re-cover attorneys’ fees and costs that go along with such suits. The law was written to provide citizens with the op-portunity to challenge or defend against unreasonable government ac-tions where they otherwise might be deterred by large legal expenses. 
To be eligible for payment under 
EAJA, an individual’s net worth must be less than $2 million and a business or organization must have a net worth of less than $7 million, although the cap does not apply to certain tax-ex-empt organizations. 
The Equal Access to Justice Act was 
intended to address the David and Goli-ath scenario where wronged citizens have to go to court and face the Fed-eral Government’s vast financial and legal resources. It is past time that we ensure this law is working for citizens in need and for taxpayers alike. 
Payments of EAJA attorneys’ fees 
come from the budget of the agency whose action gave rise to the claim. While the original Equal Access to Jus-tice Act legislation included a require-ment to track payments and report to Congress annually, Congress and the agencies halted tracking and reporting of payments made through the Equal Access to Justice Act in 1995. 
A Government Accountability Office 
report indicated that without any di-rection to track payments, most agen-cies simply do not do it, and Congress and taxpayers are unable to exercise oversight over these funds. In fact, we only have anecdotal evidence about how much we are spending on attor-neys’ fees, the agencies paying out on these fees, and what types of claims are being covered. 
This is simple, commonsense trans-
parency. 
Since 1995, there has been no com-
prehensive Federal report on the total amount of fees awarded under the Equal Access to Justice Act. We are sorely behind on our oversight respon-
sibilities in this area, and H.R. 3279 takes steps to address that problem. 
H.R. 3279 requires the Administrative 
Conference of the United States to an-nually report to Congress on the ‘‘num-ber, nature, and amount of the awards, claims involved in the controversy, and any other relevant information that may aid the Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards.’’ This report covers both agency adjudica-tions and court proceedings. H.R. 3279 also requires the Adminis-
trative Conference to develop and im-plement an online searchable database to facilitate public and congressional oversight. Agencies would be required to provide information requested by the ACUS for the development of the database and reports, but, importantly, the ACUS would be required to with-hold information from the database if disclosure is prohibited by law or court order. 
The Open Book on Equal Access to 
Justice Act ensures that agencies are operating under a watchful public eye and that taxpayer dollars are being spent properly. 
Our Federal Government is too big, 
and I believe it needs to be downsized; but until we can make that happen, transparency should be a minimum re-quirement. That is why H.R. 3279 is im-portant. It is common sense, plain and simple. Where the Federal Government is spending money, Congress needs to exercise oversight to ensure it is being done the way the law requires. 
b1645 
For most people who are facing a suit 
against the Federal Government, it is a once-in-a-lifetime challenge and a daunting suit to undertake even if they are completely in the right. We need to make sure the law is working for them. Allowing plaintiffs to recoup legal costs when they sue the Federal Gov-ernment for reparations they deserve is only fair. 
Many Americans do not have the re-
sources to take on our vast and sprawl-ing bureaucracy, but the Equal Access to Justice Act gave them the power to do so by removing a barrier to justice for those with limited access to re-sources. However, since the original re-porting requirements were halted by Congress, information on these pay-ments made under the law is severely lacking. 
Tracking and reporting payments 
will help preserve the integrity of this law and will help Congress make sure that the law is working effectively for the people it was intended to help. 
It is past time that we shine a light 
on this issue. We owe transparency to the taxpayers who are financing the law, and we owe it to the citizens—the small businesses, the veterans, and the Social Security claimants—who rely on the law. 
H.R. 3279 represents a bipartisan 
agreement that transparency over pay-ments made under the Equal Access to Justice Act needs to be restored. The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act will help to ensure that taxpayer dollars are being spent as intended under this law. 
Past support for this legislation dem-
onstrates a consensus that we need to address this issue and that Americans deserve to know what their govern-ment is doing. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
3279. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 3279, the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act,’’ a bill to amend titles 5 and 28 of the United States Code to direct the Administrative Conference of the United States (ACUS) to prepare an annual report to Congress on fees and other ex-penses awarded to prevailing parties under the Equal Access to Justice Act. 
As a senior member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, former municipal judge and staunch believer and advocate for equal justice, I sup-port this bill because it will provide Congress with valuable insight and comprehensive data needed to assess the actual effectiveness of the Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA). 
Specifically, H.R. 3279 will amend the EAJA 
and the federal judicial code to require the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States to report to Congress annu-ally on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded to prevailing parties other than the United States in certain administrative pro-ceedings and civil action court cases (exclud-ing tort cases) to which the United States is a party, including settlement agreements. 
Pursuant to the EAJA, these litigation fees 
include the reasonable expenses of expert wit-
nesses, the reasonable cost of any study, analysis, engineering report, test, or project which is found by the agency to be necessary for the preparation of the party’s case, and reasonable attorney or agent fees. 
If enacted, H.R. 3279 will require the ACUS 
to provide the number, nature, and amount of awards, the claims involved in the controversy, as well as any other relevant information that may assist Congress in assessing the scope and impact of such fees awarded. 
H.R. 3279 further directs that such informa-
tion be made available by establishing an on-line searchable database including the name of the agency involved, the name of each party to whom the award was made, the amount of the award, and the basis for finding that the position of the agency concerned was not substantially justified. 
In collecting and providing this data, this bill 
addresses concerns about the implementation of EAJA and whether Congress needs to inter-vene and amend it. 
For more than three decades, however, the 
EAJA has served as an important vehicle to enhance parties’ ability to hold government agencies accountable for their actions and in-actions. 
Simply speaking, the EAJA was designed to 
help the underdog or those with limited re-sources stand up against government trans-gressions. 
EAJA allows individuals, small businesses 
and nonprofits to recover critical litigation costs and attorney fees from the federal gov-ernment in cases that may otherwise be finan-cially intimidating or restrictive. 
The EAJA is used to vindicate a variety of 
federal rights, including access to Veterans Af-fairs and Social Security disability benefits, as well as to secure statutory environmental pro-tections. 
The EAJA is an important tool that promotes 
public involvement in laws that have a signifi-cant impact on the public health and safety, such as the National Environmental Policy Act, Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.017 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8426 November 30, 2015 
EAJA also helps deter government inaction 
or erroneous conduct and encourages all par-ties, not just those with resources to hire legal counsel, to assert their rights. 
Generally, it has been concluded by policy 
experts that EAJA has been cost-effective, ap-plies only to meritorious litigation and that ex-isting legal safeguards and the independent discretion of federal judges will continue to en-sure its prudent application. 
Nonetheless, the good intentions that 
brought the EAJA into law have been over-shadowed by re-occurring accounts of misuse by a small percentage of large environmental groups. 
A 2011 GAO study (requested by House 
Republicans) of cases brought against EPA found: 1. most environment lawsuits (48%) were brought by trade associations and pri-vate companies; 2. attorney fees were award-ed only about eight percent of the time; 3. among environmental plaintiffs, the majority of cases were brought by local groups rather than national groups; and 4. the average award under the EAJA was only about $100,000. 
Thus, while claims of misuse and abuse are 
largely misplaced, I urge my colleagues to support this request for further review and analysis, so that we may gain a better under-standing and congressional clarity on the func-tional benefits and necessary workings of the EAJA. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3279, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
IMPROVING CONGRESSIONAL 
CHARTER OF THE DISABLED AMERICAN VETERANS 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1755) to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Vet-erans, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1755 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CONGRESSIONAL CHARTER OF DIS-
ABLED AMERICAN VETERANS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—Section 50302 of title 36, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘The purposes of the corporation are—’’ and inserting ‘‘The corporation is or-ganized exclusively for charitable and edu-cational purposes. The purposes of the cor-poration shall include—’’; 
(2) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(3) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-
graph (9); and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(7) to educate the public about the sac-
rifices and needs of disabled veterans; 
‘‘(8) to educate disabled veterans about the 
benefits and resources available to them; and’’. 
(b) D
ISSOLUTION .—Chapter 503 of such title 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 50309. Dissolution 
‘‘On dissolution or final liquidation of the 
corporation, any assets remaining after the discharge or satisfactory provision for the discharge of all liabilities shall be trans-ferred to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for the care of disabled veterans.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 503 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 50308 the following: 
‘‘50309. Dissolution.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1755, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Since 1920, Disabled American Vet-
erans has been serving American vet-erans who were wounded in the line of duty. It provides free assistance to vet-erans and their families in obtaining Federal benefits and services earned through military service. 
It represents the interests of disabled 
veterans, their families, their widowed spouses, and their orphans before the Federal, State, and local governments. And it provides a structure through which disabled veterans can express their compassion for their fellow vet-erans through a variety of volunteer programs. 
The organization received a Federal 
charter in 1932. DAV is seeking the en-actment of H.R. 1755, which will amend its charter to help clarify DAV’s chari-table mission, explain the educational component of its mission, and mandate the assignment of its assets to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in the event of its dissolution. These changes will aid DAV in its transition to a 501(c)(3) organization. 
As the organization explains: 
For decades, DAV has been exempt from 
Federal taxation under section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code . . . Donations to most 501(c)(4) organizations are not deduct-ible for income or estate tax purposes. DAV is a rare exception, as it qualifies to receive deductible contributions as a ‘‘war veterans’’ organization. 
Many donors, even sophisticated donors, 
believe incorrectly that charitable deduc-tions are available only for gifts made to a 
501(c)(3) organization, more commonly known as a ‘‘public charity.’’ We believe that this misconception has been limiting DAV’s opportunities to gain corporate support and major gifts, including bequests. 
There is no doubt that DAV’s activities of 
service to wounded and disabled veterans would enable it to qualify as a public char-ity, exempt from taxation under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
To achieve that designation, the organiza-
tion needs to make application to the Inter-nal Revenue Service. The application re-quires that certain language be included in the ‘‘organizing document,’’ which, in our case, is the Federal charter. 
We can help DAV carry out its vital 
mission through this legislation. I commend Representative M
ILLER for 
introducing the bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1755, which 
makes a small but important change to the Federal charter of the Disabled American Veterans. Once this bill be-comes law, that Federal charter will better describe the mission and actual practice of the organization today. 
In response to the thousands of vet-
erans who returned home after having made considerable sacrifices during World War I, the Disabled American Veterans was established in 1920. Cur-rently, the organization serves our dis-abled veterans by helping them access all of the benefits available to them, by fighting for their interests in Wash-ington, D.C., and by educating the pub-lic about the sacrifices they made. 
This organization remains today 
every bit as important as it was at the time of its founding 95 years ago. H.R. 1755 simply makes clear that the mis-sion of the Disabled American Veterans is exclusively a charitable one. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
1755, which amends the Disabled Amer-ican Veterans’ charter. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 1755, a bill which modifies the congressional charter for the Disabled Amer-ican Veterans (DAV) to expand the purposes of the organization to include educating the public about the sacrifices and needs of dis-abled veterans, as well as educating disabled veterans about the benefits and resources available to them. 
If enacted into law, H.R. 1755 modifies the 
DAV charter to make explicit that the organi-zation is organized exclusively for charitable and educational purposes, a change that would allow the DAV to qualify as a ‘‘public charity’’ under the Internal Revenue Code. 
The legislation also provides that upon dis-
solution or final liquidation of the Disabled American Veterans, any assets remaining would be transferred to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for the care of disabled veterans. 
Since its founding in 1920, the Disabled 
American Veterans has been dedicated to a single purpose: empowering disabled veterans to lead high-quality lives with respect and dig-nity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.010 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8427 November 30, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, under DAV’s existing congres-
sional charter, an individual generally is eligi-ble for membership in the organization if he or she was wounded, gassed, injured or disabled in the line of duty during time of war while serving in the U.S. military. 
DAV works to ensure that veterans and their 
families can access the full range of benefits available to them and advocates for the inter-ests of America’s injured heroes and their families. 
Most important, DAV educates the public 
about the great sacrifices and needs of vet-erans transitioning back to civilian life. 
On the battlefield, the military pledges to 
leave no soldier behind. 
As a nation, let it be our pledge that when 
they return home, we leave no veteran behind. 
Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 1755 because 
it is an important affirmation of our commit-ment to honor the service of disabled veterans with actions that fulfill our commitment to them and their families, and which are worthy of a grateful nation. 
This is also the reason that I co-sponsored 
the H.R. 333, the Disabled Veterans Tax Ter-mination Act, which increases veteran’s pay and disability compensation and maintains se-cure, dependable and reliable veterans’ pro-grams, especially for disabled veterans is very important. 
And it is why I also strongly supported and 
voted to pass H.R. 3202, the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, which expands access to health care for vet-erans, addresses the shortage of health pro-fessionals in the VA, ensures access to care for rural veterans, and provided funding to es-tablish 27 new VA clinics, including a new re-search facility in Houston. 
And it is why as Chair of the Homeland Se-
curity Subcommittee on Transportation Secu-rity, I championed the Helping Heroes Fly Act (H.R. 1344), which improves airport security screening for wounded and severely disabled service members and veterans by ensuring personal privacy and consistent application of efficient screening procedures so that our self-less disabled veterans never again have to face lengthy, invasive, and even humiliating screening procedures at our airports. 
I urge all Members to join me in voting to 
pass H.R. 1755. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1755, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF USE RESTRICTION 
ON CERTAIN LAND TRANS-FERRED TO ROCKINGHAM COUN-TY, VIRGINIA 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2288) to remove the use restric-tions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2288 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REMOVAL OF USE RESTRICTION. 
Public Law 101–479 (104 Stat. 1158) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking section 2(d); and (2) by adding the following new section at the 
end: 
‘‘SEC. 4. REMOVAL OF USE RESTRICTION. 
‘‘(a) The approximately 1-acre portion of the 
land referred to in section 3 that is used for pur-poses of a child care center, as authorized by this Act, shall not be subject to the use restric-tion imposed in the deed referred to in section 3. 
‘‘(b) Upon enactment of this section, the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall execute an instru-ment to carry out subsection (a).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and the gen-
tleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 2288 removes a use restriction 
from the deed of an approximately 1- acre portion of land. The property was transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, in 1989 to construct a child care facility. 
H.R. 2288 would remove the restric-
tions on the land so that any necessary upgrades may be made to the Plains Area Daycare Center in Broadway, Vir-ginia, which provides child care for families who otherwise could not afford it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 2288 removes the use restriction 
on a 1-acre parcel of Federal land pro-vided to Rockingham County, Virginia. 
As was stated, in 1989, Congress au-
thorized Rockingham County to use a 3-acre parcel of Federal land for the purpose of establishing a child care center under the condition that the land continues to be used for this pur-pose. If the county no longer needs the land for a child care center, the land reverts back to ownership by the United States or the county has the op-tion to purchase it at fair market value. 
The Federal Government has a long 
tradition of providing public land to State, county, and local governments. The fair use of Federal land and a fair return to the American taxpayer has to be at the forefront of these trans-actions. Removing public-purpose re-quirements and use restrictions should only be done when it is deemed appro-
priate and necessary. 
In this particular case, the sponsor of 
this legislation has worked with the National Park Service to develop legis-lation that is both fair and trans-parent. 
The land provided to Rockingham 
County includes a garage that was pre-viously used by the National Park Service that the county has deter-mined could benefit the Plains Area Daycare Center. The Park Service no longer needs the garage, and removing the use restriction on 1 of the 3 acres will allow this child care provider to access financial assistance in order to upgrade and rehabilitate the garage so it is suitable for its needs. 
This is a worthy goal. We support the 
adoption of H.R. 2288 and congratulate the sponsor of the legislation for it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gen-
tleman from California for yielding me this time. 
And I thank the chairman of the Nat-
ural Resources Committee, the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), for 
moving this legislation through the Natural Resources Committee and to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the 
passage of H.R. 2288. This bill simply removes 20-year-old deed use restric-tions on 1 acre of land. 
For over 25 years, a little over 3 acres 
of land and its associated buildings, which were previously wholly held by the Federal Government, have been maintained by Rockingham County and the Plains Area Daycare Center in my congressional district, the Sixth District of Virginia. 
In 1989, the Federal Government 
deeded these 3 acres of land, with re-striction, to Rockingham County. But even prior to this official declaration, Rockingham County had already been faithfully maintaining the property, which the Federal Government no longer utilized. The property had pre-viously been used as a garage and maintenance facility for the United States Forest Service. 
When the government transferred 
this land to Rockingham County in 1989, the condition was that this prop-erty was to be used for public purposes. The county decided that the nonprofit Plains Area Daycare Center in Broad-way, Virginia, which provides child care on a sliding scale to many fami-lies who otherwise could not afford child care, would benefit from the use of the old garage. Therefore, Congress enacted Public Law 101–479, which al-lowed the deed to be changed from pub-lic use to the particular use of the child care center. 
Donations by the community, total-
ing $75,000, turned the garage building into a nursery, a daycare, and an after- school care facility. Additionally, the creation of the daycare center provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.012 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8428 November 30, 2015 
for the creation of a playground that 
the center supports and is open for pub-lic use. 
To be clear, the center and the play-
ground are the sole reasons that this previously abandoned government land is being used by the community. 
I have visited the Plains Area 
Daycare Center on many occasions and have seen the immeasurable invest-ments this center is making in the community by providing high-quality child care. Since opening in 1991, the center has always been at capacity and is the only facility of its kind in the community. 
However, after two decades of con-
sistent use, the facility is in desperate need of repair. Unfortunately, because of the narrow way Public Law 101–479 was drafted and because of the terms of the deed, the daycare center has been unable to get a loan to complete the much-needed renovations. 
b1700 
To solve this issue, my legislation 
would remove the deed use restrictions from the 1 acre of property on which the building resides. While I would like to have seen the entire 3 acres released, this legislation is the result of a com-promise that has been endorsed by the National Park Service and Rocking-ham County. 
By passing this legislation and allow-
ing Rockingham County and, in return, the Plains Area Daycare Center more authority over the land, it will ensure that more children and more of the community will be served by this land. 
This bill is the result of hard work 
over the past two Congresses. The House passed related legislation in the 113th Congress. However, the Senate did not act. This Congress, my staff and I have worked closely with Rock-ingham County and the Natural Re-sources Committee to see H.R. 2288 brought before the House. I am hopeful that the Senate will take action this time. 
Mr. Speaker, while my legislation 
today is simply a formality, it is of great importance to those being served by this daycare center in the commu-nity. For 25 years, the land has been deeded to Rockingham County, but with overbearing restrictions. 
Since it is clear the Federal Govern-
ment no longer has a vested interest in the land, it is time to lift those restric-tions to allow the Plains Area Daycare Center to reach its full potential. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
L
AHOOD). The time of the gentleman 
has expired. 
Mr. L AMALFA. I yield an additional 
1 minute to the gentleman from Vir-ginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Twenty years ago 
Congress made its intention clear that a daycare facility was to have use of the property, and I am pleased to lead the charge in fixing the law. 
I urge passage of H.R. 2288 to simply 
remove the deed restrictions on 1 acre of land so that the necessary upgrades may be made to the childcare center 
and this community investment can continue to thrive. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2288, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PRESERVATION RESEARCH AT IN-
STITUTIONS SERVING MINORI-TIES ACT 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1541) to amend title 54, United States Code, to make Hispanic-serving institutions eligible for technical and financial assistance for the establish-ment of preservation training and de-gree programs, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1541 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preservation 
Research at Institutions Serving Minorities Act’’ or the ‘‘PRISM Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY OF HISPANIC-SERVING INSTI-
TUTIONS AND ASIAN AMERICAN AND NATIVE AMERICAN PACIFIC IS-LANDER-SERVING INSTITUTIONS FOR ASSISTANCE FOR PRESERVA-TION EDUCATION AND TRAINING PROGRAMS. 
Section 303903(3) of title 54, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘to Hispanic- serving institutions (as defined in section 502(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a(a))) and Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-serving institutions (as defined in section 320(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059g(b))),’’ after ‘‘universities,’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and the gen-
tleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1541 provides colleges and uni-
versities with a high enrollment of His-panic, Asian American, and Native American Pacific Islander students ac-cess to a grant program that encour-ages student involvement in historic and cultural projects. 
This grant program already includes 
Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities, Tribal Colleges and Univer-sities, and nontribal colleges with a high enrollment of Native Americans or Native Hawaiians. H.R. 1541 will en-sure that historically underrepresented groups are eligible for technical and fi-nancial assistance to establish preser-vation training and degree programs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In March of this year, I introduced 
this legislation, the Preservation Re-search at Institutions Serving Minori-ties, the PRISM Act, to ensure that over 400 Hispanic-serving institutions have access to a competitive grant pro-gram for historic preservation edu-cation and for training programs. HSIs are colleges and universities where at least 25 percent of the student enroll-ment is comprised of Hispanic stu-dents. 
Current law provides, as was stated 
by the gentleman, preservation edu-cation and training grants for HBCUs, tribal and Hawaiian Native education institutions. My legislation would add HSIs to the list. 
HSIs represent about 12 percent of all 
higher education institutions in the U.S. They educate over 3 million His-panic students that are enrolled in those universities and colleges. 
At the markup, the committee adopt-
ed an amendment offered by my good friend, Congresswoman B
ORDALLO of 
Guam. Ms. B ORDALLO ’s amendment 
adds universities and colleges that are designated as Asian American, Native American Pacific Islanders-serving in-stitutions to the list of institutions eli-gible for historic preservation edu-cation and training programs. I com-mend the gentlewoman from Guam for bringing this issue up. Her amendment makes the bill more inclusive and bet-ter. 
I urge my colleagues to support its 
adoption. The bill is designed to en-hance the educational experience of students at HSIs and contribute to the preservation of Hispanic history, as it is being preserved for all Americans under this program. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no additional speakers. I appreciate the efforts of my colleague from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1541, the Preservation Research at Institutions Serv-ing Minorities, or PRISM, Act. H.R. 1541 would make Hispanic serving institutions and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.022 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8429 November 30, 2015 
Asian American Native American Pacific Is-
lander serving institutions of higher education on par with other minority serving institutions and make them eligible for important historic preservation education and training. 
I would like to recognize my colleague, Mr. 
G
RIJALVA , for his leadership in introducing 
H.R. 1541, and also working closely with me on my amendment to also include Asian American Native American Pacific Islander- serving institutions. 
Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans 
and Pacific Islanders have contributed to our nation’s rich history and unique cultural herit-age. AAPI contributions to this nation’s history are evident from New Orleans being a stop on the Spanish Galleon trade route, to the salm-on canneries in Alaska, to early Chamorro vil-lages in the Mariana Islands, to pineapple fields in Hawaii, or to the tremendous efforts AAPIs made in constructing the railroads that crisscross our country. Making Hispanic serv-ing institutions and Asian American Native American and Pacific Islander serving institu-tions eligible for preservation training and de-gree programs will further enrich and ensure our diverse history is shared for generations to come. 
This bill has bipartisan support, and I com-
mend my colleagues for their support. I en-courage support of H.R. 1541. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1541, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
TAKING LAND INTO TRUST FOR 
THE SUSANVILLE INDIAN RANCHERIA 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2212) to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, Cali-fornia, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2212 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LAND INTO TRUST FOR THE 
SUSANVILLE INDIAN RANCHERIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The land described in sub-
section (b) is hereby taken into trust for the ben-efit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, subject to valid existing rights. 
(b) L
ANDDESCRIPTION .—The land taken into 
trust pursuant to subsection (a) is the approxi-mately 301 acres of Federal land under the ad-ministrative jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management identified as ‘‘Conveyance Bound-ary’’ on the map titled ‘‘Susanville Indian Rancheria Land Conveyance’’ and dated De-cember 31, 2014. 
(c) G
AMING .—Class II and class III gaming 
under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) shall not be allowed at any time on the land taken into trust pursuant to subsection (a). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and the gen-
tleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2212, which 
would direct the Secretary of the Inte-rior to place into trust 300 acres of Bu-reau of Land Management land for the Susanville Indian Rancheria. These iso-lated and surplus BLM lands are adja-cent to existing tribal lands in Lassen County, California. 
Since 2005, the tribe has worked with 
the local California BLM office to one day complete the transfer of these lands, which are culturally and histori-cally significant to the tribe. 
Comprised of the descendants of four 
tribes within the region—the Mountain Maidu, Northern Paiute, the Pit River, and the Washoe—the Susanville Indian Rancheria has a long history of reloca-tion and adversity. The Rancheria’s an-cestors were party to 18 unratified treaties with the Federal Government, and their lands were taken after pas-sage of the Land Claims Act of 1851. 
Displaced during the California gold 
rush of the 1850s, the tribe was home-less until 1923, when the Federal Gov-ernment purchased and placed into trust 30 acres. Since that time, another 120 acres were added by Congress in 
1978 and approximately 950 acres have been added by BIA action. 
The Rancheria has long ties to this 
land, which holds a number of cultural, historical, and archeological sites, in-cluding grinding stones, petroglyphs, and other important artifacts. Rancheria members also gather tradi-tional herbs, medicines, and vegetables on the land and continue to hunt game in the area as their ancestors did. 
The land has been classified as sur-
plus by the BLM, which has written in support of transferring the parcel to the Rancheria, and it is adjacent, again, to the Rancheria’s existing lands. 
The Rancheria intends to continue 
using the land for traditional purposes as well as eventually constructing a cultural center, a museum, and rec-reational facilities, including sports fields. 
At the request of the tribe, the bill 
includes a prohibition on gaming. The Rancheria has long proven to be a con-scientious and thoughtful neighbor to the City of Susanville, and I have no doubt that it will prove to be a good steward of this land. Mr. Speaker, this bill was passed by 
the Natural Resources Committee with unanimous support. The Senate coun-terpart, sponsored by Senator B
OXER , 
who we found agreement on this legis-lation on, also received unanimous sup-port in the Senate Indian Affairs Com-mittee. 
I urge your support and thank you 
for your consideration of this measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. 
H.R. 2212, introduced by the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), 
our colleague, is indeed a good piece of legislation. Three hundred acres of BLM land in the Hidden Valley area of Lassen County, California, will be put into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria. 
The land in question is not only adja-
cent to Susanville’s current trust land, it is also part of their aboriginal terri-tories. There are numerous cultural and archeological sites on the land that the Susanville members seek to protect, including the remains of a his-toric Native American village. 
In addition, the area is an important 
traditional hunting ground and is uti-lized for traditional ceremonies. The land has been identified by BLM as ex-cess inventory and a cost burden to the Federal Government. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is a win-win for 
all parties involved. The Susanville Rancheria members will finally have a portion of its historic land returned, and the Federal Government will save money on administrative costs on land that it does not want. 
I want to congratulate the sponsor of 
the legislation. I urge its swift passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the support of the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ), the com-
mittee’s ranking member, and the unanimous effort to move this bill out of committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I seek support for my 
legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2212, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
BILLY FRANK JR. TELL YOUR 
STORY ACT 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2270) to redesignate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.015 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8430 November 30, 2015 
Creek Treaty National Historic Site 
within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2270 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. 
Tell Your Story Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REDESIGNATION OF THE NISQUALLY NA-
TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The Nisqually National 
Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Wash-ington, is redesignated as the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any stat-
ute, rule, regulation, Executive Order, publica-tion, map, paper, or other document of the United States to the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge is deemed to refer to the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge. 
SEC. 3. MEDICINE CREEK TREATY NATIONAL ME-
MORIAL, WASHINGTON. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the 
Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial with-in the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wild-life Refuge to commemorate the location of the signing of the Medicine Creek Treaty of 1854 be-tween the United States Government and lead-ers of the Muckleshoot, Nisqually, Puyallup, and Squaxin Island Indian Tribes. 
(b) A
CREAGE AND ADMINISTRATION .—The Sec-
retary of the Interior shall establish the bound-aries of the Medicine Creek Treaty National Me-morial and provide for administration and inter-pretation of the memorial by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
(c) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall coordinate with representatives of the Muckleshoot, Nisqually, Puyallup, and Squaxin Island Indian Tribes in providing for the inter-pretation of the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and the gen-
tleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 2270, introduced by my friend, 
Congressman D ENNY HECK of Wash-
ington, and cosponsored by the entire Washington delegation would redesig-nate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Wash-ington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge and establish within the refuge the Medi-cine Creek Treaty National Memorial. 
b1715 
This bill is intended to honor the life 
and legacy of Billy Frank Jr., who dedicated his life to bringing together tribes, government officials, and others 
to improve treaty rights, tribal sov-ereignty, environmental stewardship, and salmon recovery in the Puget Sound area. Frank Jr., who passed away in 2014, was awarded the Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism and the Martin Luther King Jr. Distin-guished Service Award and was nomi-nated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010. 
The bill also establishes a national 
memorial within the refuge to com-memorate the signing of the 1854 Medi-cine Creek Treaty, which established reservation land and the right to fish for Puget Sound area tribes. 
Congressman H
ECKhas worked tire-
lessly to honor the treaty and the life and work of Billy Frank Jr. I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2270. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 2270 designates the national 
wildlife refuge on the Nisqually River Delta as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge. Renaming this refuge will honor Billy Frank Jr.’s legacy on the river where he spent his life. Billy Frank Jr., who passed away last year, has been recognized for his work defending treaty rights, tribal sovereignty, and salmon recovery ef-forts in his home State of Washington. 
Aside from the awards that were 
noted by my colleague that he has re-ceived, on November 24, President Obama presented his family with the Medal of Freedom honor that he so justly deserved. 
The bill also creates a national me-
morial to commemorate the signing of the Medicine Creek Treaty in 1854. 
I want to congratulate and thank my 
colleague from Washington, Represent-ative H
ECK, for his tireless work and 
advocacy on behalf of this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I again 
commend the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. H
ECK), my friend, for his 
quality legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK), the sponsor of the legislation. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, just last week we were home cele-brating Thanksgiving, and we were giv-ing thanks for everything we are blessed with, everything we cherish— frankly, probably a lot of the things we take for granted. 
For those of us in the Pacific North-
west, we give thanks for the Puget Sound, we give thanks for our salmon, we give thanks for all the natural beauty that surrounds us, and we give thanks that Billy Frank Jr. was in our lives. 
As was indicated earlier, in addition 
to the many other awards he received in his lifetime, just last week the President conferred upon Billy Frank Jr., posthumously, the Presidential 
Medal of Freedom. It is literally no ex-aggeration to suggest that what Mar-tin Luther King meant to civil rights and Nelson Mandela meant to South Africa, Billy Frank Jr. meant to the entire Pacific Northwest, indeed, to in-digenous people throughout the globe. 
He is a fitting person for the pres-
tigious honor that we hope to bestow on him today. We have an opportunity to do something today—and I rec-ommend we seize it—to preserve his legacy in the place he called home. 
Billy Frank Jr. was, indeed, the fore-
most advocate for restoration of Native American fishing treaty rights in the Pacific Northwest. He cherished clean water and healthy salmon runs. He was a key voice in the recovery of the Puget Sound. 
He also, as has not been mentioned, 
proudly served our Nation in the United States Marine Corps. He was an MP, I believe, during the Korean war. 
He got along with everyone. He was 
open and inclusive. His energy was, lit-erally, infectious. 
We were deeply stunned in May of 
2014 that he passed away even though, at the age of 83, we thought Billy would live forever. He is gone, but his spirit is not and his story is not. His courage and belief in us is here be-cause, you see, Billy wandered the Halls of Congress frequently and testi-fied numerous times. He respected this institution, and he was a powerful voice within our Chambers. 
His story is in the Nisqually National 
Wildlife Refuge in the 10th Congres-sional District, which I have the privi-lege to represent, which we now pro-tect to give our wildlife a clean and sustainable home. 
Billy grew up at a place called 
Frank’s Landing, which is literally just a hop, skip, and a jump from the ref-uge. He fished in the Nisqually River, in and next to the area where the ref-uge is now. That is the location where he was arrested more than 50 times for advocating for his treaty fishing rights. 
This bill will rename that refuge 
after Billy Frank Jr. Also, as has been indicated, it calls for the establish-ment of a national memorial at the exact place of the signing of the Medi-cine Creek Treaty in 1854. That was the first treaty in the State of Washington between Indian people and the newly established territorial government. In this case, it was between the people of the Nisqually, the Puyallup, Squaxin Island, and the Muckleshoots. 
Throughout his storied career, people 
often asked Billy: How is it you do this, get up every day and so effec-tively advocate on behalf of clean water and good fish runs? How do you do that decade after decade? 
He would always tell them the same 
thing: Tell your story. 
So when people go to the Billy Frank 
Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, they will be able to see why he held fish-ins. They will see why he risked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.028 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8431 November 30, 2015 
arrest. They will see why he ultimately 
worked with others to help protect his home. Like many young people today, he fought for what he believed in, but later worked with lawmakers to build consensus. He started out as a civil rights protestor, civilly disobedient and an advocate. He ended up being one of the great uniters in the history of the Nation and certainly the Pacific Northwest. 
I hope that when people drive by the 
sign that directs them to the refuge, maybe they will feel a little of that Billy magic, too. Maybe they will won-der: Well, who was this Billy Frank Jr.? What did he do? For those of us who knew him, it will be a frequent re-minder of this hero. 
They say you die twice: the first 
time, and the second time when they stop speaking about you. It is our goal that they never stop speaking about Billy Frank Jr. and the lessons he taught us all. The refuge will be a con-stant reminder. 
I knew Billy for almost 40 years. I 
loved him like a beloved uncle. In fact, I called him Uncle Billy. But I was ab-solutely not special in that regard. Hundreds, if not thousands, of people did the same thing. Indeed, at his me-morial service, the official estimate of the number in attendance was 10,000. That is how beloved this man was. 
I would like to thank the members of 
the House Committee on Natural Re-sources who unanimously approved this bill and all the members of the House delegation from Washington State. I would also like to especially recognize Chairman B
ISHOP , Ranking 
Member G RIJALVA , and the hard-
working committee staff, both for the majority and the minority, for their help on this legislation. 
In conclusion, Billy once famously 
said: ‘‘I don’t believe in magic. I be-lieve in the sun and the stars, the water, the tides, the floods, the owls, the hawks flying, the river running, the wind talking. They’re measure-ments. They tell us how healthy things are. How healthy we are. Because we and they are the same.’’ 
Let’s remind visitors that we and 
they are the same at the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually Wildlife Refuge. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, again, 
Mr. H ECKis to be commended for bring-
ing forward such a worthy piece of leg-islation to honor a man who has done so much in that area. Indeed, this leg-islation will make sure that his story continues to be told and that he will always be commemorated and memori-alized in that region because of that. Congratulations to you on this. 
I am proud to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
IL-
MER). 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I join my 
colleagues in standing up today for a true American hero, Billy Frank Jr. For Billy, protecting our natural 
world and everything that depends on it wasn’t a political issue; rather, it was an innate calling. Folks responded to that. 
They followed his fearless protests by 
standing up for civil rights. They fol-lowed his example by becoming fisher-men themselves in places like South Puget Sound. They followed his lead in championing clean water and fish runs and protecting Puget Sound. They lis-tened to his ideas about keeping com-munities vibrant by building tribal youth centers. 
In the marble Halls of Congress, he 
convinced so many that tribal treaty rights could not be held back and that we can’t keep damaging our environ-ment, that we have got to stand up for extraordinary bodies of water like Puget Sound. He left tracks all across our State and our Nation, and his advo-cacy will live on. 
To help honor this legacy, I encour-
age my colleagues to vote for this bill sponsored by Congressman H
ECKthat I 
was proud to cosponsor, renaming the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge the Billy Frank Jr. National Wildlife Ref-uge. It is the right thing to do to honor all the work that Billy did for all of us. It should serve as a reminder that we need to keep fighting for all of those things he fought for. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, before 
I yield back the balance of my time, let me thank the chair of the Sub-committee on Federal Lands, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , and Ranking Member 
TSONGAS for their work and the staff’s 
work on this. 
Again, to Mr. H ECKand the delega-
tion from Washington, this is a great piece of legislation. I urge its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2270, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ALTERNATIVE PLAN FOR 2016 LO-
CALITY-BASED COMPARABILITY PAYMENTS—A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–81) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and referred to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform and ordered to be 
printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
I am transmitting an alternative 
plan for pay increases for civilian Fed-eral employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay sys-tems in January 2016. 
Title 5, United States Code, author-
izes me to implement alternative pay plans for pay increases for civilian Fed-eral employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay sys-tems if, because of ‘‘national emer-gency or serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare,’’ I view the adjustments that would otherwise take effect as inappropriate. 
Civilian Federal employees have al-
ready made significant sacrifices as a result of 3-year pay freeze that ended in January 2014. In January 2014 and again in January 2015, increases for ci-vilian Federal employees were limited to a 1.0 percent overall pay increase, an amount lower than the private sector pay increases and statutory formula for adjustments to the base General Schedule for 2014 and 2015. However, as the country’s economic recovery con-tinues, we must maintain efforts to keep our Nation on a sustainable fiscal course. This is an effort that continues to require tough choices. 
Under current law, locality pay in-
creases averaging 28.74 percent and costing $26 billion would go into effect in January 2016. Federal agency budg-ets cannot sustain such increases. Ac-cordingly, I have determined that under the authority of section 5304a of title 5, United States Code, locality- based comparability payments for the locality pay areas established by the President’s Pay Agent, in the amounts set forth in the attached table, shall become effective on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2016. These rates are based on an allocation of 0.3 per-cent of payroll as indicated in my Au-gust 28, 2015, alternative pay plan for adjustments to the base General Sched-ule. These decisions will not materially affect our ability to attract and retain a well-qualified Federal workforce. 
The adjustments described above 
shall take effect on the first applicable pay period beginning on or after Janu-ary 1, 2016. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , November 30, 2015. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 30 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.030 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8432 November 30, 2015 
tempore (Mr. C ONAWAY ) at 6 o’clock 
and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 30, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 30, 2015 at 6:03 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 1698. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN EN-ERGY SECURITY AND INFRA-STRUCTURE ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 23, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 24, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–353) on the resolution (H. Res. 539) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century en-ergy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy effi-ciency and government accountability, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Re-constructed Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 24) providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Ex-isting Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 2288, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2270, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
REMOVAL OF USE RESTRICTION 
ON CERTAIN LAND TRANS-FERRED TO ROCKINGHAM COUN-TY, VIRGINIA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2288) to remove the use re-strictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 0, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 644] 
YEAS—407 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch 
Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch 
MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant 
Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—26 
Bass 
Buchanan Ca´rdenas 
Cramer Davis, Rodney DeFazio Doggett 
Duncan (SC) Farr Flores Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Jones 
Joyce Murphy (FL) Pelosi Rohrabacher Ruppersberger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.034 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8433 November 30, 2015 
Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Slaughter 
Speier Takai Williams 
Wittman 
b1856 
Messrs. ALLEN and CARTER of 
Georgia changed their votes from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
BILLY FRANK JR. TELL YOUR 
STORY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2270) to redesignate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, lo-cated in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medi-cine Creek Treaty National Historic Site within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 413, nays 2, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 645] 
YEAS—413 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo 
Loebsack Lofgren Long 
Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Amash Sensenbrenner 
NOT VOTING—18 
Bass 
Cramer DeFazio Duncan (SC) Farr Herrera Beutler Hinojosa 
Murphy (FL) Ratcliffe Rohrabacher Ruppersberger Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
Sewell (AL) Slaughter Takai Williams Wittman 
b1904 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to redesignate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, lo-cated in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medi-cine Creek Treaty National Memorial within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-
ing the vote on H.R. 2288 and H.R. 2270, I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my district and the State of Alabama. If I had been present I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the aforemen-tioned bills. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not able to vote today for medical reasons. Had I been present on rollcall vote 644, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Had I been present on rollcall vote 645, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa). Pursuant to clause 8 of 
rule XX, the Chair will postpone fur-ther proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a re-corded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken later. 
f 
BREAST CANCER RESEARCH 
STAMP REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1170) to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1170 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Breast Can-
cer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.020 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8434 November 30, 2015 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF POSTAGE STAMP FOR 
BREAST CANCER RESEARCH. 
Section 414(h) of title 39, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 3. ENSURING THAT FUNDS GENERATED BY 
SPECIAL POSTAGE STAMP SALES ARE USED FOR BREAST CANCER RE-SEARCH. 
Section 414(c)(1) of title 39, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter following subparagraph (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘An agency that receives amounts from the Postal Service under this paragraph shall use the amounts for breast cancer re-search.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-
woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of S. 1170, the 
Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reau-thorization Act of 2015. It is sponsored primarily by Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN  
of California. 
S. 1170 extends a requirement for the 
United States Postal Service to produce and sell a specific semipostal stamp with the proceeds going to fund breast cancer research. 
Importantly, all of the funds col-
lected must be used for breast cancer research, and S. 1170 includes explicit language to ensure that this is the case. Since the stamp was launched in 1998, it has raised nearly $82 million for breast cancer research. 
This money is sent to two research 
programs. The bulk of the money, 70 percent, goes to the National Institutes of Health, and the remaining 30 percent goes to the medical research program at the Department of Defense. We hold both of these organizations account-able and should continue vigorous oversight of them. 
Both the NIH and Department of De-
fense select specific programs and pro-posals to receive funding and report on these programs each year. The funds raised by this stamp have helped make meaningful advances in the fight against breast cancer. 
I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of S. 1170, the 
Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reau-thorization Act of 2015. I thank Senator F
EINSTEIN of California for her leader-
ship on the legislation and her commit-ment to funding breast cancer re-
search. This is a very important bipar-tisan issue, and 25 Senators have joined Senator F
EINSTEIN in sponsoring this 
legislation. 
I also want to thank my colleague, 
Representative S PEIER , also from Cali-
fornia, for introducing the House com-panion bill, which has 59 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. 
I thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ for 
bringing this bill to the floor and for his support of this crucial legislation. 
S. 1170 would extend the authority of 
the United States Postal Service to issue the popular semipostal stamp that raises funds for breast cancer re-search. Currently, Postal Service cus-tomers can choose to buy a 60-cent breast cancer research stamp. The extra 11 cents above the price of the regular first-class stamp minus the Postal Service’s administrative costs go to lifesaving research. 
Since its first issuance in 1998, the 
Postal Service has sold almost 1 billion breast cancer research stamps, gener-ating nearly $82 million that has gone directly to the National Institutes of Health and the Department of Defense to fund vital research. 
In a 2014 report to Congress, the Na-
tional Cancer Institute of the NIH has concluded: Having this additional fund-ing has furthered the cancer research community’s efforts to exploit increas-ing knowledge of genetics and molec-ular biology to develop more effective and less toxic treatments for breast cancer. 
Research funding from this 
semipostal stamp is critical in the fight against breast cancer, as one in eight women in the United States will develop invasive breast cancer during her lifetime, according to the Amer-ican Cancer Society. 
Breast cancer is the second leading 
cause of cancer deaths in women after lung cancer. The American Cancer So-ciety estimates that, in 2015, about 40,000 women will die from this disease. 
If we do not pass the measure before 
us today, the authorization for the Postal Service to sell the breast cancer research stamp will expire by the end of the year. 
I, therefore, will urge my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle to support S. 1170. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California, Ms. S
PEIER . 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleagues for joining in this effort tonight. I would like to thank my col-league and coauthor of the House version of this bill, H.R. 2191, C
YNTHIA  
LUMMIS of Wyoming, for her support 
and leadership on this issue. I want to also thank Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN  
and Senator E NZI. Senator F EINSTEIN  
has supported this legislation. She was actually the original author of the leg-islation back in 1997. b1915 
Breast cancer, there is probably not 
one person in this room who hasn’t been touched by breast cancer either themselves, through a family member, or through a friend. 
Our courageous colleagues, Congress-
woman D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Congresswoman S HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
Senator H EIDI HEITKAMP , and spouses 
of many Members have all been im-pacted. My mother survived breast can-cer. One of my best friends did not. My health legislative assistant who worked on this legislation lost her mother to breast cancer. She was only 13 years of age when her mother died. 
This is an important bill. What is 
most important about it is the fact that we have made some progress. But still, one in eight women will develop breast cancer in her lifetime. It is still the second leading cause of death for women in this country. 
What is really important about this 
legislation is the genesis of this legis-lation. It is an all-American story. It reminds me of the quote by Margaret Mead: 
‘‘Never doubt that a small group of 
thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.’’ 
In this case, there is the story of an 
immigrant who came to this country, got educated here, and became a doctor at 26. He became a breast cancer sur-geon in Sacramento, California. His name is Dr. Ernie Bodai. He was con-cerned and frustrated by the slow pace of breast cancer research and all the surgeries he found himself doing over and over again. 
So what did this breast cancer sur-
geon do? He came to Congress. He made 15 trips to Congress. He spent over $100,000 of his personal money to con-vince Congress to pass a bill author-izing a breast cancer stamp. In so doing, he was able to generate over, as we have heard already tonight, $80 mil-lion. In fact, we are coming close to having sold almost a million stamps in this country for breast cancer research. 
One man had a vision. He came to 
Congress. It took him over 2 years to convince us to do it, but we did it. It is time now to reauthorize the legisla-tion, and I am hopeful that we will do it, because it has in fact shown to be very effective. In fact, it has been used in finding genes that are protective against breast cancer, linking treat-ment outcomes with certain genes, and identifying women with a low risk of recurrence who can be spared chemo-therapy. 
So, my colleagues, this is an impor-
tant bill to reauthorize. The deadline is, as we have been told, fast approach-ing. Let’s continue the search for a cure. Let’s be part of that search by buying breast cancer stamps and by re-authorizing the bill. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UM-
MIS). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.023 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8435 November 30, 2015 
Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank the gen-
tleman from Utah, and I want to thank him for bringing this bill to the floor. I also want to thank the majority lead-er, K
EVIN MCCARTHY , for bringing this 
bill to the floor tonight so we can see this authorization through before the end of this calendar year. 
I am proud to join my friend, J
ACKIE  
SPEIER , my colleague from California, 
and other House colleagues, as well as Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN and my Sen-
ator and dear friend, M IKEENZIfrom 
Wyoming, in passing this reauthoriza-tion bill. 
The stamp says, ‘‘Fund the Fight. 
Find a Cure.’’ That is why we are here tonight. This is a budget-neutral way to fund critical research to treat and, hopefully, one day cure this disease. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in proud 
support of the Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015. To have over $80 million raised since 1998 from this stamp for breast cancer re-search and have it be budget-neutral is a wonderful way to acknowledge the importance of what we can do as pri-vate citizens once the government au-thorizes and empowers us to fund re-search through something we would buy every day anyway, and that is stamps. 
So, once again, it is so important 
that we continue to support this fund-ing of medical research and doing it in a fiscally responsible way that could save hundreds of lives. Who knows; maybe that one little book of stamps that you buy that helps fund breast cancer research will be the one that finds the cure. 
Fund the fight. Find a cure. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank 
my colleague, J
ACKIE SPEIER ; the com-
mittee chairman, J ASON CHAFFETZ ; the 
majority leader, K EVIN MCCARTHY ; and 
everyone who has cosponsored this bill, worked on this bill, brought it through the Senate, and brings it to the atten-tion of the House of Representatives tonight. 
We can fund the fight. We can find a 
cure. And tonight, this is the best way to move forward with that goal in mind. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank all those involved be-
cause, as was noted earlier, every life in this building and across this country and across the world has been touched by breast cancer. I lost my mom to breast cancer. I lost my dad to cancer as well—colon cancer. 
This is a program that seems to 
work. It has been in place since before the year 2000. The numbers are quite startling. Instead of paying 49 cents for a stamp, you pay 60 cents. And that money, accumulated over time, has generated tens of millions of dollars. It is something that is worthwhile. 
I appreciate Mr. M
CCARTHY and his 
passion for this issue. I appreciate Mrs. LUMMIS and her desire to tackle this. I 
also appreciate what Ms. S PEIER and 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN have added to 
this discussion and their passion on tackling this issue. It truly transcends everything we do. It touches every life, and it is something we must win and we must overcome. This happens to be one of those government programs that actually works. 
And so we are suggesting to our col-
leagues that we vote ‘‘aye’’ and support this and allow it to continue. It is one of the good things we do. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to rise today in support of S. 1170, the ‘‘Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reau-thorization Act of 2015.’’ 
I would like to recognize Senator F
EINSTEIN  
for her commendable leadership in fighting for greater awareness of breast cancer and find-ing cures and treatment through breast cancer research. 
This is a simple yet incredibly power piece 
of legislation. 
S. 1170 will reauthorize through December 
31, 2019, the Breast Cancer Research Stamp, which will require the U.S. Postal Service to issue a special postage stamp for first-class mail that costs more than the regular first- class stamp in order to raise funds for breast cancer research. 
Importantly, agencies receiving these funds 
from the Postal Service must use them on breast cancer research. 
Breast cancer accounts for 1 in 4 cancer di-
agnoses among women in this country. 
This is an astonishing statistic that cannot 
be overstated—it must be stopped. 
Breast cancer is also the most commonly di-
agnosed cancer among African American women. 
As an African American woman and I am a 
breast cancer survivor and I know these statis-tics all too well. 
As a Member of Congress, a mother, grand-
mother, sister and wife, it is my responsibility and duty to fight to insure that every American can win in the fight against cancer. 
I understand first-hand how important proper 
and adequate funding is to defeat breast can-cer. 
As a proud cancer survivor, I am also proud 
to have secured adoption of an amendment to the FY 2014 Defense Appropriation Act that increased funding for breast cancer research by $10 million. 
We must continue to raise funds for re-
search in order to ensure that the women of our nation no longer have to suffer. 
This bill will ensure that additional funds will 
be used towards life-saving research to pro-tect all of our grandmothers, mothers, daugh-ters, sisters, aunts and love ones. 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 1170. 
The question was taken. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2646 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to have my name removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2646. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Joint Eco-nomic Committee: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 5, 2015. 
THESPEAKER , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I, Kevin Brady, am 
submitting my resignation as the Vice- Chairman of the Joint Economic Committee (JEC) effective immediately. It has been an honor to have served in this position, and I look forward to taking on my new role as Chairman of the Ways and Means committee. 
Sincerely, 
K
EVIN BRADY . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Joint Economic Committee: 
Mr. T
IBERI , Ohio, to rank before Mr. 
AMASH  
f 
EPILEPSY AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise this 
evening to highlight November as Epi-lepsy Awareness Month. 
Tragically, across the country today, 
thousands of families dealing with epi-lepsy and other debilitating seizure dis-orders have been forced to uproot their families as they travel to States where CBD oil already is legalized. 
Especially in children, Mr. Speaker, 
CBD oil helps reduce the amount and duration of seizures; but over and over again, the government has stood in the way of access to lifesaving care for these children. 
Children across the country like 
Sophie Weiss deserve better. Sophie is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.041 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8436 November 30, 2015 
an inspiring young woman in my dis-
trict. She suffers from a severe form of epilepsy. Without CBD oil, she suffers upwards of 200 seizures each and every day. 
For Sophie and children suffering 
like her, I helped introduce a bill to stop the government from standing in the way of this lifesaving relief. In honor of Epilepsy Awareness Month, I call on my colleagues to join me so that we can pass the Charlotte’s Web Medical Hemp Act of 2015 and ensure no other family has to endure the loss of a child as they wait for the approval of this natural, lifesaving option. 
f 
SYRIAN REFUGEE CRISIS 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, since the 
passage of the American SAFE Act, the constituents that I serve have reached out to me through phone calls, email, and social media to voice their con-cerns. 
I want to be clear that I did not view 
the SAFE Act as a vote against Syrian or Iraqi refugees or the greater refugee community. But it is my duty in serv-ing my constituents in Congress to share some of the views that they 
called me about. 
One resident who previously taught 
Syrian refugees said, ‘‘Support of this bill and the accompanying shameful public comments about refugees make us less safe and respond from fear, not strength.’’ 
Messages in support of refugees con-
tinue to pour in, stating loud and clear that America cannot turn its back on refugees. I want to thank the constitu-ents that I serve for their continued feedback. 
Tomorrow, I will be addressing the 
House once more about this subject at length. I don’t want to remain silent about this issue because the district that I serve has made it very clear that they care very deeply about it. 
f 
IMPORTANCE OF CAREER AND 
TECHNICAL EDUCATION 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, as co-chairman of the bi-partisan Career and Technical Edu-cation Caucus, I rise today to empha-size the importance of quality CTE pro-grams, which allow students to succeed in areas that keep our Nation competi-tive in the global economy. 
Last week, I visited a lab at Penn 
State University, where three-dimen-sional printers were used to create parts for a wide variety of industries, including those which support our na-tional defense. These students are also among those leading the way in cre-ating metal parts which once could only be fabricated at powdered metal plants. I was also proud to see very similar 
programs being offered at the high school level. I spoke to the super-intendent of the St. Marys School Dis-trict in Elk County and was pleased to learn that students at St. Marys High School are graduating with many of the skills needed to succeed in these growing vocational and technical fields. 
I am hopeful that with the next reau-
thorization of the Carl D. Perkins Ca-reer and Technical Education Act we can enhance the partnerships that bridge the gap between our high schools, technical schools, colleges, universities, and employers. 
f 
b1930 
HONORING VILLAGE OF 
PINECREST POLICE OFFICER VERNA GAY 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of Officer Verna Gay, who was recently named Officer of the Third Quarter of 2015 of my hometown Village of Pinecrest Po-lice Department. 
During one particular incident ear-
lier this year, Verna showed brilliant situational awareness in helping to in-vestigate the burglary of a local busi-ness. Responding to the scene as a backup, Verna’s proactive efforts led to the capture and arrest of two subjects who were involved in the crime. 
I commend Officer Gay for her im-
pressive actions in support of the safe-ty of the people of my hometown, the Village of Pinecrest. Verna’s continued dedication and service help make sure our hometown remains a safe place in which to live, raise a family, and con-duct business. 
Congratulations once again to Officer 
Verna Gay on this well-deserved honor. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND 
SACRIFICE OF DONALD R. BOYER 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor the service and sacrifice of one of my constituents and my friend, Don-ald R. Boyer, who passed away on No-vember 21, 2015. 
Don was a World War II veteran, 
fought bravely in the Battle of the Bulge, was captured by German forces, and spent many months as a prisoner of war, for which he was awarded the Purple Heart. 
After World War II, Don worked for 
the Chrysler Corporation as a zone real estate manager for 27 years. Through-out his career, Don found several ways to continue to serve our Nation and fel-low veterans. 
He was commander of Post 370 and 
Second District commander of the American Legion, trustee of the Vet-
erans of Foreign Wars Post 846, and was serving as local chapter commander of the American Ex-Prisoners of War when he unfortunately passed away. 
Don also served on my Veterans Ad-
visory Committee for more than 5 years, providing great insight to issues involving our Armed Forces, veterans, and their families. 
Mr. Speaker, without Don’s service 
and sacrifice, along with all the men and women of the Greatest Generation, our Nation would not be as resilient and flourishing as it is today, and we remain ever thankful for their service. 
f 
EMBRACE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, medical 
technology makes a huge difference for millions of Americans by giving them access to life-improving and lifesaving technologies, devices, and treatments. With new developments, we should be encouraging the use of these innova-tions to achieve better outcomes and lower long-term health costs. 
However, the agency that oversees 
Medicare has continuously made deci-sions that threaten the use of this technology. As Yogi Berra once said, ‘‘It’s deja vu all over again.’’ 
First, the agency proposed rules that 
would limit access to critical speech- generating devices. Then, it was pa-tients that use lower limb prosthetics that could see reduced access. 
Recently, we have seen proposed 
rules now that would limit access to pneumatic compression pumps for those managing a condition called lymphedema and those using individ-ually configured Complex Rehab. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress has been 
forced to take action in some of these instances, like when we passed the Steve Gleason Act earlier this year. But the series of proposed rules are now alarming, in that they will raise long-term health costs and result in worse outcomes. 
We need to look at a new path for-
ward when it comes to embracing and protecting access to medical tech-nology. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers be given 5 days in which to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.043 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8437 November 30, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
tonight is a night of action and reflec-tion for this Congress. This evening, the Congressional Black Caucus will take a look at a number of significant events that have occurred this year and discuss the urgent and pressing concerns of today. 
In the waning weeks of 2015, we will 
have this moment of reflection in order to examine the issues that have caused our community the greatest concern. This conversation must be had, so we have to have an honest and impactful dialogue that will help Congress engage communities and act so we can create a better future today. 
It is said that the blood brother of 
apathy is the inability to prioritize that which is important. Congress can-not afford to be apathetic any longer. We must get serious about the issues that threaten the true potential of our Nation—issues like gun violence that imperil our safety and security, issues like joblessness and wage discrimina-tion that are barriers to our collective economic prosperity, issues like re-strictive voting laws that are fun-damentally contrary to the democratic right of American citizens and con-cerns with bad-apple community po-lice. 
The Congressional Black Caucus has 
come to this very floor numerous times to address many of these issues, and, sadly, this body has yet to act on many of these concerns. 
Last week, in my home district, Chi-
cago was rocked by a disturbing video that was released showing the police shooting of 17-year old Laquan McDon-ald. He had been shot 16 times by his arresting officer. Most of the shots were fired when McDonald was no longer standing. Some entered through his back. 
I cannot begin to fully express the 
depth of my outrage at this senseless killing. The video is nothing short of horrific. Tonight, I want to express my condolences to the McDonald family, for whom the pain of losing their loved one has undoubtedly been compounded by having his death on public display. 
There is a role that Representatives 
in Congress can play in putting the issues of violence in our communities in the forefront. We have chosen not to. 
As horrifying as the video of 
Laquan’s death is, it needed to be made public because the lingering questions surrounding this case and cases like the death of Walter Scott are equally disturbing. 
In reflecting on this tragedy, I want 
to take a moment to give my thanks to the many activists in Chicago who ex-pressed their outrage in a civil and pro-ductive way and, particularly, the young activists. 
I remain encouraged by those who 
have been at the forefront of the call for justice for Laquan and their posi-tive and productive movement for change. It is an example I hope all Americans will follow in helping to 
create a fairer, more equitable system of justice for us all. 
So, in that vein, tonight we will have 
a conversation about how, in the midst of these tragedies and national adver-sity, the Congressional Black Caucus is working and achieving positive and productive moments of change. 
In this hour, you will hear from my 
colleagues about efforts the CBC has led to usher in criminal justice reform, about the work of the CBC in increas-ing diversity in the tech sector through our TECH 2020 initiative, about the CBC Health Braintrust work and ad-dressing the issue of health disparities through the release of the 2015 Kelly Report, about how we are raising awareness and working to bring back kidnapped victims of Boko Haram in Nigeria, and about how the CBC has been a critical broker in numerous leg-islative efforts before this Congress. 
There is much to discuss this evening 
because there is much worth reflecting on and celebrating. 
Mr. Speaker, this is Mr. P
AYNE and 
my last Special Order hour for the year. I must say that, while this time has flown by, it has been an honor and a privilege to represent this distin-guished caucus. 
So I yield to the distinguished gen-
tleman from New Jersey, Mr. D
ONALD  
PAYNE , Jr., my very distinguished part-
ner in crime for this past few months, or year, actually. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank my dear friend and col-league, Congresswoman K
ELLY , for an-
choring this final Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. In fact, I would like to thank Congresswoman K
ELLY for coanchoring all the Special 
Order hours with me throughout 2015. It has been my real honor and pleasure to spend all these Mondays with you bringing forth issues that matter in our community. 
I would also like to thank the CBC 
chair, Congressman G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , 
for his outstanding leadership this past year. 
I appreciate you choosing me to co-
anchor these congressional Special Order hours with Congresswoman K
ELLY . It is a great honor, and we are 
a body of 40-plus, so to have that honor to be chosen means a great deal to me. And I am certain that 2016’s coanchors will proudly serve, as we have. 
As Congresswoman K
ELLY men-
tioned, we are here to reflect on all the work that the Congressional Black Caucus has done throughout the year, to look at the accomplishments. 
In February, we kicked off the CBC 
Special Order hour by reflecting on the 50th anniversary of the March on Selma, where we are today, and where we are headed for tomorrow. Through this hour, we were able to set the tone for the Congressional Black Caucus agenda with our leader, G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , at the helm. 
We remembered all the strides that 
were made by African Americans to the place that we are today. We reflected 
on the work that is being done right now through the caucus in the House of Representatives. 
And, most importantly, during that 
hour, we looked towards the future. We intend to put forward the most effort in order to make sure that African Americans are well-represented and af-forded equally in all phases of these United States. 
Monday after Monday, we have ad-
dressed the many challenges and in-equalities that face African American communities. We have contributed to this country with blood, sweat, and tears, hard work and entrepreneurial ideas and inclusiveness. We aren’t owed anything. We are a significant thread in the cloth that makes this United States grow. 
We have talked about criminal jus-
tice reform, economics, unemploy-ment, underemployment, incarcer-ation, voting rights, felon disenfran-chisement, and health disparities, and those are just a few of the issues that we have tackled this year. 
As we have been known to be called 
the ‘‘conscience of the Congress,’’ we continue to put forth issues that are 
relevant and prevalent in today’s soci-ety. I have just been honored to be part of the spokes-team to bring awareness and raise these issues on a week-to- week basis. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman P
AYNE . Thank you for 
those kinds words. It has truly been an honor serving with you. 
I yield to the esteemed chair of the 
Congressional Black Caucus, the gen-tleman from North Carolina, Congress-
man G.K. B
UTTERFIELD . 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Thank you, Ms. 
KELLY . 
Let me begin this evening by first 
thanking Congressman D ONALD PAYNE , 
JR., from the Tenth District of New 
Jersey for his friendship and for his tireless work on behalf of the Congres-sional Black Caucus and on behalf of the people that he represents back home in the great State of New Jersey. 
Thank you, Mr. P
AYNE , for your 
work, and thank you for the kind words that you had to say about me this evening. 
And to my other colleague, Congress-
woman R
OBIN KELLY from the Second 
District of Illinois, not only do you manage the floor on Monday nights, Ms. K
ELLY , on behalf of the Congres-
sional Black Caucus, but you also are the chair of our CBC Health Braintrust that does so much for so many. 
You also have carved out a niche. 
You have begun to focus the attention of the Nation on the issue of gun vio-lence in our country. 
So I want to begin this presentation 
this evening by thanking both of you for your work. 
b1945 
Mr. Speaker, many of my colleagues 
here this evening, especially the newer ones to this body, may not fully under-stand what the CBC is. The Congres-sional Black Caucus is an organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.045 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8438 November 30, 2015 
It is a caucus of African American 
Members of Congress. 
We were founded in 1971. But, Mr. 
Speaker, that does not mean that 1971 was the first year that this body had African American Members of Con-gress. Actually, the first African Amer-ican was elected to Congress in 1870. 
There were some 21 African Ameri-
cans who served in this body during Reconstruction and post-Reconstruc-tion. The CBC formally organized, Mr. Speaker, in 1971 with 13 Members. Over the years, those 13 members have now grown into 46 members. 
I might say that two of the founding 
members of the CBC continue to belong to this body. They are Congressman J
OHN CONYERS from Michigan, who is 
actually the dean of the House, as well as Congressman C
HARLES RANGEL from 
the State of New York. They were two of our founding members. 
The CBC, as I said, now consists of 46 
members. Of the 46 members, one is from the other body, from the United States Senate, and 45 serve here in the House of Representatives. 
I might say that one of our 45 mem-
bers is a Republican Member of this body, our dear friend from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). And so it is absolutely correct 
for us to say that we are bicameral and we are bipartisan. 
Collectively, we represent 23 States 
in addition to the District of Columbia and the Virgin Islands. Collectively, Mr. Speaker, we represent more than 30 million people. 
I might say, of the 21 standing com-
mittees that we have here in this House, 7 of those 21 committees have a CBC member as the top Democrat on the committee. We call that the rank-ing member. The gentleman who will speak in just a moment, Mr. S
COTT of 
Virginia, is one of those ranking mem-bers on the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. Speaker, this past year has been 
very demanding on CBC members. We have been busy. We have consistently fought back every day and every week against Republican attempts to bal-ance the budget on the backs of hard-working Americans—not just African Americans, but hardworking Ameri-cans, Black, White, and Brown. 
The struggle continues. We, as the 
CBC, have been focused on many dif-ferent things. I will mention just a few. In the interest of time, we have been focusing on criminal justice reform be-cause that is so important to the Afri-can American community. 
We have been protecting—or trying 
to protect—the social safety net that many of our vulnerable communities depend on. We have been trying to en-hance educational opportunities for Af-rican American students and strength-ening and preserving HBCUs, that is, Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities. 
Mr. Speaker, we have spent consider-
able energy this year trying to have full enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. As many of my colleagues may know, the U.S. Supreme Court decided 
in a decision some years ago, 4 years ago—actually, in 2013 it was—that the Voting Rights Act, at least a part of it—that part that deals with preclearance of voting changes—that that section could not be enforced until this Congress redefined the formula for determining which States or which counties should be subject to that part of the Voting Rights Act, and this Con-gress has not acted. 
This Congress continues to not fully 
enforce the Voting Rights Act. We have exposed that and we continue to fight. We are talking about diversity in cor-porate America, and we are going to hear more about that in the years to come. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, we have talked 
about investments in underserved com-munities. 
Mr. Speaker, we have attempted to 
carry out these priorities. This year the CBC launched the CBC TECH 2020. This initiative brings together the best minds in technology in nonprofit edu-cation in the public sector to increase African American inclusion at all lev-els of the technology industry. 
In addition to outlining best prac-
tices for diversity principles, CBC TECH 2020 has empowered our members to provide resources for African Amer-ican students and entrepreneurs through the introduction of legislation focused on increasing STEM education. 
I would hope that every American 
would embrace that concept, the con-cept of STEM education—science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathe-matics—and workforce development, cybersecurity, and copyright and pat-ent reform. 
In August, we traveled to Silicon 
Valley, talked to the technology giants like Apple, Google, Bloomberg, and Intel about their diversity efforts. We were pleased with their response and their willingness to improve the diver-sity within their companies. 
This year, Mr. Speaker, we revamped 
the biweekly CBC message to America. We now broadcast across several dig-ital platforms. The messages to Amer-ica have been highly received. They have been widely watched with some of our most popular messages focusing on criminal justice reform, police vio-lence, poverty, education, the impor-tance of HBCUs, and ending the stigma of racism in America. 
Finally, on August 6, the CBC recog-
nized the 50th anniversary of the Vot-ing Rights Act. In the 2 years following the Supreme Court’s ruling to overturn section 4 in the Shelby County v. Hold-
er case, voting rights have come under assault, Mr. Speaker. They have come under renewed assault. 
Since 2010, new voting restrictions 
have been put in place in 22 States, making it harder for millions of eligi-ble Americans to exercise their right to vote. The CBC has been very vocal on these efforts, including outreach in Wisconsin. We filed an amicus brief in the States of Wisconsin, in North Caro-lina, and in Alabama. The CBC has asserted for years that 
Black Americans are unfairly treated and disproportionately exposed to the criminal justice system. Police bias and excessive use of force are real in the African American community. We see it every day. We must restore the American people’s trust in our crimi-nal justice system. 
Finally, we have worked to expand 
the economic opportunities for African Americans. The CBC, in coordination with the Joint Economic Committee Democrats, have held two public fo-rums in Baltimore and Harlem, I might say, entitled ‘‘The American Dream on Hold: Economic Challenges in the Afri-can American Community,’’ where we discussed with those communities the impact of economic challenges and per-sistent inequities facing African Amer-ican communities across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, there are so many more 
things that I could say about the work of the Congressional Black Caucus. We are busy. We are engaged every day not only representing African Americans, but representing every American who is affected by some of the policies that have been enacted by this Congress. 
Thank you for the time this evening. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman B
UTTERFIELD . That was 
certainly a great list of our achieve-ments. Like you said, that was just some of the things that we have been able to accomplish, and there is a lot more that you can say. We can go on and on. Thank you for your leadership and making sure that we get some of these things done. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Ms. K
ELLY , I be-
lieve you mentioned to Mr. P AYNE that 
he was your partner in crime. I want those who may be watching this on tel-evision to know that was really a joke. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Of course. At 
this time, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I want to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois and the gentleman from New Jersey for organizing this Special Order tonight. It takes a lot of work and a lot of time to organize these ef-forts, and I want to thank them both for the time and effort that they have put into this. 
We have heard a lot about what the 
Congressional Black Caucus has done over the years. There are two areas that I have been personally involved in with the CBC effort in the areas of edu-cation and criminal justice reform. On both we have worked hard and achieved bipartisan support. 
The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act, which is a civil rights bill, makes sure that the admonition in Brown v. Board of Education becomes a reality. It says that no child shall rea-sonably be expected to succeed in life if denied the opportunity of an education and such an opportunity must be made available to all on equal terms. That is what the Brown decision held. 
But we know that we don’t have 
equal education in America because we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.047 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8439 November 30, 2015 
fund it primarily through the real es-
tate tax, guaranteeing that wealthy areas will have more resources for edu-cation than low-income areas. 
So 50 years ago we passed the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act, which provides funding directed pri-marily to help the challenges in edu-cating low-income children particu-larly in concentrated areas of poverty. 
No Child Left Behind a few years ago 
added to that by making sure that we ascertained whether or not there are achievement gaps in certain groups and requires action to be taken to solve those achievement gaps. 
This week we should reauthorize the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act to ensure that the needs of all chil-dren are addressed. That legislation has just come out of conference. It came out of conference with an over-whelming—almost unanimous—vote, a bipartisan vote. So we look forward to the continuation of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
Mr. Speaker, the next area that we 
are going to be working on is the High-er Education Act, also originally passed 50 years ago. When President Johnson signed that bill, he pointed out that every child should be able to go to any college in any State. Back then that was actually a reality be-cause a low-income student with a maximum Pell Grant and a summer job could virtually work his way through college with no debt. 
Now, because the buying power of the 
Pell Grant has eroded, instead of 75 percent of the cost of education, now it is down to about one-third and the rest has to be picked up with devastating student loans. We need to pass a Higher Education Act that makes access to college a reality, not just a dream. 
We can do that, and there is bipar-
tisan support for that effort. So in edu-cation we are making progress with the Congressional Black Caucus and we have been able to achieve bipartisan support. 
It is interesting that we have also 
been able to achieve bipartisan support in the criminal justice reform efforts. We have a problem in criminal justice now because, for decades, we have been passing all these slogans and sound bites, particularly, mandatory mini-mums that have run our incarceration rate up to number one in the world by far. We have 5 percent of the world’s population and 25 percent are pris-oners. 
Several recent studies have pointed 
out that our incarceration rate is so high that it is actually counter-
productive; that is, we have got so many children being raised with par-ents in prison and we have got so many people with felony records that can’t find jobs and the prison budget in the Department of Justice is eating up so much of the budget that the other things that can actually reduce crime don’t have the funds that they actually need. 
One bipartisan effort that we were 
able to achieve late last year was the Death in Custody Reporting Act, which 
requires any death in the custody of law enforcement—that is a death in jail, a death in prison, or death in the process of arrest—will be reported to the Justice Department so that the dis-cussion about all of these deaths can be based on facts, not just speculation. 
We also are in the process of trying 
to pass criminal justice reform. The Judiciary Committee, in a sub-committee task force led by J
IMSEN-
SENBRENNER from Wisconsin and my-
self, had an overcriminalization task force. The one thing we noticed was that 30 States were able to reduce in-carceration and reduce crime at the same time. 
One example was Texas. Texas was 
faced with a $2 billion request for pris-on expansion to keep up with the slo-gans and sound bites that they had been codifying over the years—$2 bil-lion. Someone suggested, instead of spending $2 billion, how about trying to spend a couple of hundred million— research-based, evidence-based tar-geted expenditures—to actually reduce crime, and maybe they wouldn’t have to spend all $2 billion. 
Well, that is what they did. They in-
telligently spent. With a research- based and evidence-based approach to reduce crimes, they made those ex-penditures and looked up. They didn’t have to build any new prisons at all. In fact, they were able to close some of the prisons they had. Over 30 States have reduced crime and saved money just in using the same strategy. 
So as a result of the overcriminaliza-
tion task force, we created a com-prehensive criminal justice bill that starts with investments in prevention and early intervention, has diversion to drug courts so that people with drug problems can have their problems solved rather than just spinning through the criminal justice system, a significant reduction in mandatory minimums so they would be reserved for true kingpins, not for people caught up in the conspiracy, like girlfriends and things like that. 
Only the true kingpins would get the 
mandatory minimums. Everyone else would get a sentence that made sense. If you go to jail, then you should be re-habilitated, not just warehoused, and we should have funding for Second Chance programs. 
The beauty of the bill is that the sav-
ings in prison space by the reduction in mandatory minimums will be redi-rected to pay for the prevention and early intervention, the drug courts, the prison reform efforts, and the Second Chance programs so all of those pro-grams are paid for. 
b2000 
We also have significant funding for 
police training. As we go through the trauma of these trials that are going on as we speak in Baltimore and Chi-cago, when you get to a solution, it will undoubtedly involve police train-ing and probably body cameras, and those are funded in the Safe Justice 
Act by diverting money from the sav-ings in mandatory minimums to those programs. We have broad bipartisan support, many very conservative, many very liberal organizations, all sup-porting the Safe Justice Act and other criminal justice reform efforts. The Black Caucus should be proud of the ef-forts that they have put in to making sure that we have a fair and equitable criminal justice system. 
I would like to thank again the gen-
tlewoman from Illinois for all of her hard work and the gentleman from New Jersey for his hard work in point-ing out many of the good things that the Congressional Black Caucus has ac-complished, many things they have ac-complished this year and a lot of things we are working on for next year. So I thank you for your hard work and dedication. 
We have a conference committee re-
port that came out with an over-whelming bipartisan vote that will en-sure that young people will have their educational needs met. I want to thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE) for his hard work and coopera-
tion on that bill. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you for 
the information on the Safety Justice Act and education. The two really go hand in hand. If our young people have more skills and are educated, then I think that we will see less crime. We always say, in my area, ‘‘Nothing stops a bullet like a job,’’ so thank you for that information and for all of your hard work. 
At this time, I yield to the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. L
EE), a 
woman of great knowledge and experi-ence, and one of my heroes. 
Ms. LEE. First, let me thank Con-
gresswoman K
ELLY for those very gen-
erous remarks, but also for your tre-mendous leadership and for staying the course and making sure that we are here really speaking truth to power each and every week on behalf of the Black Caucus. 
Also, to you, Congressman D
ON 
PAYNE , thank you very much for your 
leadership and for really rising to the occasion on so many issues. In the very short time that you have been here, you have hit the ground running and really have made a tremendous dif-ference. 
I want to just speak for a few min-
utes as it relates to the review of the Congressional Black Caucus for the last year or 2 years. I have to just say that our leader, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , has 
been a very bold and tremendous lead-er. We have accomplished quite a bit, and we have a lot more to do. While 2015 has been very challenging, I be-lieve that the Congressional Black Caucus has really stepped up and made a huge difference not only for the Afri-can American community and commu-nities of color, but for the entire coun-try. 
It has also been an inspiring year. We 
have seen the birth and growth of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.048 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8440 November 30, 2015 
vital Black Lives Matter movement. 
We have also witnessed powerful and moving protests across the country in places like Missouri, New York, and even in my district in Oakland and in Berkeley, California, with people of all backgrounds and ages coming together to demand justice, to petition their government, to exercise their demo-cratic rights. 
I am so proud of the young activists 
who are standing up and demanding an end to racism and injustice in many of our communities. They are truly bring-ing the civil rights movement into the 21st century. I want them to know that they have allies here in the people’s House. 
For too long Congress has ignored or 
brushed aside issues affecting the Afri-can American community and other communities of color. It is past time that everyone steps up and does the good work that we were sent to Wash-ington to do, that the Congressional Black Caucus has done for many, many decades. 
We need to start by talking about 
and looking at what has happened with the Voting Rights Act. As you know, this year marks the 50th anniversary of this landmark legislation. The Voting Rights Act was gutted by the Supreme Court in its Shelby v. Holder decision, and, of course, Republican State legis-lators have fallen all over to restrict voting rights across the country every-where. 
These dangerous restrictions come in 
the form of voter ID requirements, elimination of same-day voter registra-tion, and really severe reduction in early voting efforts. We must call these efforts for what they are: Republican attempts to take away one of our most fundamental rights. But we will not let this happen. 
I am so proud of the Congressional 
Black Caucus—Congresswoman T
ERRI 
SEWELL and J OHNLEWIS and Mr. C LY-
BURN , the entire Congressional Black 
Caucus. Our bill, H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act, sponsored by Congresswoman S
EWELL , who rep-
resents Selma, Alabama, would restore the preclearance provisions of the Vot-ing Rights Act for any State that has had 15 or more voting rights violations in the last 25 years in the preclearance process. 
As Dr. King once said: Give us the 
ballot, and we will fill our legislative halls with men—and, of course, women—with goodwill. 
We can fill this body with those who 
really want to see democracy fulfilled. So we need our young people to keep up the street heat and demand that Congress act. 
It is past time that we get serious 
about restoring the Voting Rights Act and ensuring that all Americans—and that means all Americans—have free and unobstructed access to the ballot box. 
Also, the serious economic dispari-
ties that persist in the African Amer-ican community are very, very evident. According to a report released earlier 
this year by the Joint Economic Com-mittee, led by ranking member Con-gresswoman C
AROLYN MALONEY , and 
the Congressional Black Caucus, we learned, and it is very glaring, that more than one in three Black children are born into poverty, and the African American poverty rate is three times that of White Americans. 
The cycle of poverty and inequality 
starts in our school systems, where Black students account for 42 percent of preschool student expulsions, despite accounting for only 18 percent of en-rollment. Now, that is preschool expul-sion. Every time I remember this and say this, it really makes me very terri-fied about what is taking place with young Black kids, especially with young Black boys, because there is no way anybody, no kids, should be ex-pelled from preschool. That is ages 1 to 4. That is outrageous. 
I am the mother, yes, of two fabulous 
great Black men, and I am the grand-mother of two Black boys, and I find statistics like that very, very trou-bling. For African Americans, we have allowed our school system to be turned into a pipeline to prison. We must act now to address systemic issues facing our education and our criminal justice systems. 
I want to applaud Congressman 
B
OBBY SCOTT and Congressman C ON-
YERS because they have worked for dec-
ades on criminal justice reform, and we are beginning to see some progress as a result of their very diligent work. 
Our criminal justice system is bro-
ken. It needs to be rebuilt from the ground up. So alongside of our CBC col-leagues, once again we are calling for comprehensive criminal justice reform. 
Also, I want to mention our effort, 
which I co-chair with Chairman B
UTTERFIELD , our Tech 2020 initiative. 
Silicon Valley is right next to my dis-trict in California. There are great op-portunities there for everyone. 
However, the tech industry has not 
been inclusive of hiring and con-tracting with and working with com-munities of color, especially the Afri-can American community. So I am very pleased that the Tech 2020 of the Congressional Black Caucus has been initiated. We are working with our great leader, Reverend Jesse Jackson, with an inside-outside strategy. Many of the tech companies understand what is taking place and that they need to be an industry that is inclusive of ev-eryone. 
So the Black Caucus along with 
Rainbow PUSH, along with the tech in-dustry are working on a variety of strategies to make sure that this in-dustry which provides good-paying jobs and opportunities is an industry that is inclusive, that does not discriminate, and that includes the diversity of this great country. 
So I have to just say to Congress-
woman K
ELLY and Congressman 
PAYNE , thank you for giving us a 
chance to talk about so many of the issues that we have been working on. 
When you look at the issue of poverty, cutting poverty in half in 10 years, we know how to do it. We have legislation, the Half in Ten Act, H.R. 258, to do that, and the Pathways Out of Poverty Act, H.R. 2721. We know how to provide opportunities. The Congressional Black Caucus once again is leading on all of these fronts. It is a big agenda, but it is an agenda that makes our country stronger. 
So thank you, Congresswoman 
K
ELLY , and thank you, Congressman 
PAYNE , for the chance to be with you 
tonight. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congresswoman L EE. You have brought 
up so many issues that are so inter-connected—again, education, diversity inclusion. When you think about pre-schoolers getting expelled, that is not a good start. And what message does it send to that young man or that young woman or that little boy or that little girl? But all of the things that you talked about—voting rights—are all interconnected, and we need to accom-plish all of those goals for a better America, and not just for African Americans, but for everybody. 
Ms. LEE. Thank you very much. I just want to say that I think what 
is reflective in the Congressional Black Caucus’ agenda and all of the work that we have done for so many years is really an effort to show that how, if you ensure that opportunity is there for everyone, including African Ameri-cans and communities of color and peo-ple who have been shut out and marginalized, our country becomes stronger. This means that everybody benefits—not only for the Congres-sional Black Caucus, this is for the en-tire country. So thank you again for your leadership. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Well, we want 
to thank you for your leadership and all of the work that you have done to make Congress stronger, as well as the caucus stronger. 
At this time, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Brooklyn, New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the distinguished gentlewoman for yielding. And I also thank, of course, my good friend and colleague, Con-gressman D
ONPAYNE , from across the 
Hudson River, who does such a tremen-dous job of representing the people of Newark and Essex County. 
It has been an honor and a privilege 
to watch my two colleagues during this year preside over the CBC Special Order hour, giving us, as a caucus, an opportunity to share with the Amer-ican people some of our thoughts and ideas and the issues that we are work-ing on to improve a lot of those that we represent in the African American community and all across this great, gorgeous mosaic in the United States of America. 
I am troubled, of course, by the 
events of the last few days as relates to the Laquan McDonald case out of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.049 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8441 November 30, 2015 
ROBIN KELLY ’s hometown in Chicago. 
About a year ago, many of us from the Congressional Black Caucus were on this very House floor talking about the failure to indict in the killing of Mi-chael Brown; and in the same week, 3 days later, the failure to indict in the strangulation of Eric Garner, who, of course, was put into an unauthorized choke hold and killed as a result of al-legedly selling loose cigarettes. 
It, of course, highlighted the problem 
of African American men being killed at the hands of police officers, which is a decade-old problem that, hopefully, here in America we will find the cour-age one day to confront. 
And now, of course, we are compelled 
to come to the House floor to deal with the tragedy of the Laquan McDonald case, a 17-year-old shot 16 times in 15 seconds by an officer who had 20 prior civilian complaints filed against him. I am no mathematician, but those num-bers simply do not add up. The tape comes out and we see what occurred: an individual, Laquan, who was walk-ing away from the officers, not toward the officers. There is no reasonable cir-cumstance, I believe, that led to that individual being shot down like a dog on the streets of Chicago. 
The officer has now been indicted 13 
months later, and, hopefully, the jus-tice system will run its course and the officer will be prosecuted to the full ex-
tent of the law. 
b2015 
I am here today to talk briefly about 
another troubling issue that relates to this problem of the police use of exces-sive force. That is not just the bad ap-ples who engage in this behavior; it is the fact that, far too often, the police officers in the department, who may not otherwise engage in excessive force but who have grown up in a culture of a blue wall of silence, support these of-ficers either with their inaction or, in some instances, by actively partici-pating in a coverup. 
Now, I know that is hard for a lot of 
Americans to hear because, listen, I also believe that the overwhelming ma-jority of officers are hardworking indi-viduals who are there to protect and serve. 
I don’t take lightly the fact that I 
am here concerned on the House floor that far too many officers stand by, tolerate, and enable the excessive use of force, sometimes resulting in Amer-ican citizens being killed without jus-tification. 
This case actually highlights the 
problem. Laquan gets killed, and if you look at the reports in the immediate aftermath of his death last October— and I just pulled a few—here is what we were told. 
‘‘The suspect fled, and officers gave 
chase, police said. When the officers confronted him near 41st Street and Pulaski Road, he refused their orders to drop the knife and began walking to-ward the officers, police said. 
‘‘Pat Camden, spokesman for the Chi-
cago Fraternal Order of Police, said the teen had a ‘crazed’ look about him as 
he approached the officers with the knife.’’ 
That was reported by CBS. 
Let’s go to NBC. ‘‘Responding offi-
cers found a 17-year-old boy ‘with a strange gaze about him,’ who was car-rying a knife and wouldn’t drop it when police ordered him to do so, Fra-ternal Order of Police spokesman Pat Camden said. 
‘‘Other officers used a squad car to 
try and box the boy in against a fence near West 41st Street and South Pu-laski Road, Camden said. An officer shot him in the chest when the teen didn’t drop the knife and continued to walk toward officers, police said.’’ 
WGN-TV: ‘‘Chicago police officers 
shot and killed a 17-year-old after a foot chase near 41st Street and Pulaski . . . Officers shot the teen after he waved the knife at them.’’ 
In the interest of time, let me just 
read one more. This is from the Chi-cago Tribune: ‘‘Officers got out of their car and began approaching McDonald, again telling him to drop the knife, Camden said. The boy allegedly lunged at the officers, and one of them opened fire.’’ 
‘‘‘When police tell you to drop a 
weapon, all you have to do is drop it.’’’ 
I mean, Shakespeare would be proud 
at the fiction that was put out there to justify the murder of this 17-year-old. 
Here is what is worse. It has now 
been reported that in the immediate aftermath of the shooting four or five officers went to a nearby Burger King and asked to view the surveillance tape. The manager at Burger King gives them the password to the video. They spend a couple of hours in Burger King—I mean, a couple of hours in Burger King, allegedly—and then they leave. 
Then internal affairs officers appar-
ently come in the days afterward, and they pull the tape. Guess what? Eighty- six minutes are missing. It happens to be the 86 minutes that cover the period of time when Laquan McDonald was killed. 
When we come to the House floor and 
people across the country say Black lives matter and they are concerned about the lack of justice in the system, understand that it is not just the ex-cessive use of force; it is the fact that far too many officers, law enforcement folks, participate actively in covering up what has occurred. 
Until we deal with that cancer of the 
blue wall of silence, we are going to continue to have to come to this House floor, and you are going to continue to see individuals be killed as a result of the use of excessive force. 
It is an American problem that we 
should confront, and we should con-front it boldly and directly and with-out hesitation if we really want to up-lift the best values of our great democ-racy. 
I thank Congresswoman K
ELLY , and I 
thank Congressman P AYNE for their 
tremendous leadership. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his profound re-marks on this occasion. 
I have my own remarks in reference 
to what happened to this youngster. That is what he was—a youngster, a child. I have 17-year-old triplets. God forbid my children find themselves in that predicament. 
I will not even try to match the re-
marks by the gentleman from New York. I think he stated the case clear-ly. 
Black lives matter. I know there is a 
segment in this country that gets upset when they hear that, but you need to understand what they are say-ing. It is: Why is there no worth to Af-rican American lives? That is what they are asking. Why is it so easy that we continually find people of color on the wrong end of these weapons? 
Then to have it covered up in the 
manner in which the gentleman from New York stated—86 minutes. Now, my children love Burger King, but you only need 20 minutes if there is a line in Burger King to do what you need to do. But they spent hours there, getting their story right, making sure every-body would corroborate what they were going to say. 
That is why ‘‘Black Lives Matter’’ 
exists. That is why we continue to bring these issues up. That is why we will not let it go quietly into the night. 
Everybody has seen that videotape. 
When did he lunge? When was he shot once in the chest? When did any of those things that were reported occur in that video? He was walking away. 
He did still have the knife in his hand, but he was walking away. Most of the shots that were put into his body were after he was on the ground. The officer feared for his life. 
Black lives matter. Our next speaker is the gentlewoman 
from Houston, Texas, the wonderful, dynamic, one of my heroes, the Honor-able S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman from New Jersey and the gen-tlewoman from Illinois but I want to specifically say Chicago. I join my col-leagues. 
Mr. Speaker, I think this is, again, 
an important statement of the value of the Congressional Black Caucus. I am glad our tone is such that we are com-passionate, we have emotion, but we are detailed. 
With the remaining time, let me try 
to be concise on the value of the Con-gressional Black Caucus in American history, its place in this Congress to be the provocative orators and articulators of the conscience of this Nation. 
Let me first of all say that I have 
been privileged but certainly have mourned May 15, when all of us paid at-tention to fallen law enforcement offi-cers who are honored here in the United States Capitol. Any number of us has gone to the grounds, and we have hugged those from our districts, we have honored families, and we have recognized the pain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.050 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8442 November 30, 2015 
I think many of you recall that there 
was an assassination of sorts of a dep-uty sheriff in Houston, a number of un-fortunate assassinations or shootings of police in New York, and I saw the Nation mourn. 
I think it is important to say this be-
cause, often, when we say ‘‘Black lives matter,’’ it seems conflicted. People raise the issues that African Americans or the Nation seem to be hesitant about law enforcement officers, and that is not true. 
I want to thank the Congressional 
Black Caucus and Chairman B
UTTERFIELD because we started out 
this year with a criminal justice agen-da. I just want to quickly go down memory lane or to reflect very quickly to say that it was the leadership and the combined Members who raised a number of issues that have brought us to the point that we have actually passed in the Senate and in the House Judiciary Committee criminal justice sentencing legislation. 
We are not where we need to be, but 
the Sentencing Reform Act will reduce mass incarceration by 11,500. Of those who are currently incarcerated, it will give retroactive relief, and an addi-tional 4,000 will benefit each year. Combined with that, it will be 50,000 over 10 years. 
We are beginning to look at the 
criminal justice system in a way that speaks to the whole idea of Blacks, mi-norities, Hispanics, and others being the fodder for the criminal justice sys-tem. In my district in Houston, Texas, Black and Hispanic youth make up over 75 percent of the male population age 10 to 24 years, but Black and His-panic youth account for 85 percent of the youth admitted in our detention centers. 
We are working on the reduction of 
sentencing, and I think with the help of this bipartisan legislation, which has been initiated and brought to the attention of this Congress by members of the Congressional Black Caucus in working with other Members of this body, both Republicans and Democrats, we have legislation that should pass. 
As we all know and as we have been 
mystified and mourning this tape, I know that Congresswoman K
ELLY in 
her hometown has been a champion for justice, along with her fellow col-leagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, B
OBBY RUSHand D ANNY DAVIS, 
who have been front and center on these issues. So we must continue the journey of dealing with the juvenile justice. 
Might I say that I hope we will come 
around the issues of the RAISE Act, of the Fair Chance for Youth Act, and of Kalief’s Law, ending solitary confine-ment for young people in the juvenile justice system, banning the arrest record, and, of course, giving alter-native sentencing to these young peo-ple. 
I want to quickly get back to this 
horrific shooting, because what ‘‘Black Lives Matter’’ speaks to is coming to-gether around an improved law en-
forcement system. That is why I came to the floor today—to be able to say, unless we move forward on legislation that deals with best practices in our police departments, we are going to continue the tension that should not exist. 
There is no explanation or no answer 
to the video that has been shown. I wonder what the sentencing or the re-action or the ultimate result would have been if there were a video of Darren Wilson and Michael Brown. There was not. I still believe that with Michael Brown, an unarmed youth, his actor, who happened to be a law en-forcement person, should not have gone unpunished. 
In this instance, we see a video that 
was completely mischaracterized, or, in essence, the story was characterized completely contrary to the video that was shown. So what is the answer? 
Law enforcement officers who I work 
with all the time will indicate that there are bad apples, and they are right. Then work with us to pass the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which provides the roadmap and the incentive for all of these depart-ments to be accredited and to have of-ficers go through the specific training that documents how you address the question of the street. 
b2030 
It includes video cameras. It includes 
community-oriented policing. It in-cludes grants to incentivize better training and better training practices. 
We must find an answer in this term 
of Congress. We should not end this Congress without a complete and re-formed criminal justice system, includ-ing dealing with law enforcement, which is clearly what the Congres-sional Black Caucus has been working on. 
So I am hoping that we can find this 
common ground because there is no ex-planation that is reasonable or rational of the actions of the officer in Chicago. 
There is no reasonable explanation to 
the officer in the Sandra Bland case. Ladies and gentlemen, you remember this young woman dying in a jail. They have yet to come up with an indict-ment or a response. They have yet to have an answer of the jail that stand-ards were an embarrassment in Waller County. 
The District Attorney has yet to 
come forward in the Sandra Bland case. The family has not been notified. The lawyer doesn’t know what is going on. We met with those individuals not to direct them, but to ensure that they were going to respect this death. Noth-ing has happened about the stop that we saw in the video. Nothing has hap-pened about the jail incarceration. 
I simply have come to the floor to in-
dicate to my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to work with us on a number of issues that those in the Con-gressional Black Caucus reach out in the spirit of bipartisanship, dealing with the Voting Rights Reauthoriza-
tion in section 5, providing opportuni-ties for Historically Black Colleges which we have been at the leadership realm of, making sure that the crimi-nal justice system addresses the over-incarceration of our youth, dealing with the question of policing, which the Black Lives Matters speaks to it eloquently. 
We should not be condemned for the 
massive protests of 10,000 people down this wonderful Michigan Avenue as: There they go again. We have got to find a place at the table to be able to reorient, if you will, how we do polic-ing in America. I would ask my col-leagues that we move swiftly in this term in this Congress to be able to ad-dress this. 
Let me finish on this one last point. 
The violence of guns is outrageous. I want to speak very quietly about the Planned Parenthood incident because I don’t want to provoke, but I believe it is important to note we always say for those who don’t want to hear us about gun safety closing the gun show loop-hole, banning assault weapons which the individual had. 
However it plays out, the individual 
may be determined to have a mental health concern or condition, but he had an automatic rifle of some sort. And, unfortunately, we lost several persons in the course of the incident, although the investigation is still ongoing. 
It also happens in Black-on-Black 
crime. My friends, our community doesn’t ignore that. But what we say is that guns are involved in most of these deaths. Not only are guns involved, but we must understand that, when a gun is used by an officer, it is distinct from Black-on-Black crime because it is under color of law. 
The Congressional Black Caucus 
comes to the table to ensure that these very sensitive issues are handled with the greatest delicacy, but with the greatest commitment and passion that we want to stop the killing, stop the deaths, and have the decency to reflect on a parent like Mr. P
AYNE , a parent 
like Ms. K ELLY , a parent like myself. 
Black lives matter. Our children 
matter. The Congressional Black Cau-cus wants to work to ensure that we have the answers that the American people have asked us for and that they deserve. 
As a senior member of the House Com-
mittee on Homeland Security as well as the Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Com-mittee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Investigations, I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus for this Special Order to speak to the issues that members of the 114th Congress must ad-dress. 
No other country imprisons a larger percent-
age of its population than the United States or spends anywhere near the $6.5 billion that we spend annually on prison administration. 
We now know that the cost of imprisoning 
so many non-violent offenders is fiscally unsustainable and morally unjustifiable and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.052 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8443 November 30, 2015 
will take the combined efforts of policy mak-
ers, reform advocates, legal professionals, and private citizens to solve the problem. 
Congress took a giant step forward on the 
road to reform with a law I co-sponsored, the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010, which eliminated the crack versus powder disparity. Earlier this month, the House took another big step when its Judiciary Committee favorably reported an-other bill I sponsored, the Sentence Reform Act of 2015 (H.R. 3713), which will help re-form a criminal justice system that often seems less effective at reforming criminals and more effecting in inflicting collateral dam-age on families and communities. 
Specifically, the Sentence Reform Act will 
reduce mass incarceration by making over 11,500 individuals, who are currently incarcer-ated, eligible for retroactive relief and an addi-tional 4,000 will benefit each year. Combined, this is over 50,000 in ten years. These esti-mates are conservative, as not all the positive reforms can be quantified. 
Today, we know also that more and more 
young children are being arrested, incarcer-ated, and detained in lengthy out-of-home placements. 
Our youth easily encounter law enforcement 
through the mass transit on the way to school, the school resource officer at school, and pa-trol officers on the way home. 
A youth experience behavior issues when 
encountered should not be arrested but as-sessed for underlying issues that can nearly always be handled without ever having contact with the justice system. 
At least 75 percent of children within the ju-
venile justice system have experienced trau-matic victimization, making them vulnerable to mental health disorders and perceived behav-ioral non-compliance and misconduct. 
Numerous studies have also shown that as 
many as 70–80 percent of youth involved in the justice system meet the criteria for a dis-ability. 
In my district in Houston, Texas, Black and 
Hispanic Youth make up over 75% of the male population aged 10–24 years. 
Yet, Black and Hispanic Youth account for 
85% of youth admitted in our detention cen-ters. 
A majority of these admissions into deten-
tion are for minor and misdemeanor of-fenses—behavior that should not require lock-ing youth up. 
Especially when the rate of detention con-
tinues to reflect disproportionate minority con-tact and criminalization of minority youth. 
As we look to reform our juvenile and crimi-
nal justice system, and be what President Obama has called upon us be: ‘‘My Brother’s and Sister’s Keeper’’—we must move away from the engrained culture of criminalization as the answer to our problems. 
These include: I have introduced 13 additional pieces of 
legislation this Congress pertaining to Criminal Justice Reform. 
The RAISE Act (H.R. 3158) which helps 
young people in the federal system by pro-viding judges more flexible sentencing options, encourages diversion, increases home con-finement opportunities, ends mandatory life without parole, mandates housing and pro-gramming specific to the needs of youth, and creates youth-specific diversion and pilot pro-grams. 
The Fair Chance for Youth Act (H.R. 3156) 
better enables young people to reenter and contribute to our communities by creating a 
mechanism for sealing or expungement of cer-tain youth criminal records. If we are ever to stop the cycle of recidivism, we must give our young people a real chance to succeed after they have paid their debt to society. 
Kaliefs Law (H.R. 3155). named in memory 
of Kalief Browder, to establish more humane rules for incarcerated youth by banning the use of solitary confinement, mandating certain minimum standards and procedural protec-tions for pretrial detention and speedy trial rights, and ending the shackling of youth at federal court appearances. 
I am also a co-sponsor of the Fair Chance 
Act that aims to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal his-tory record information before the applicant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
There now exists a broad and bipartisan 
consensus that our criminal justice system is broken and a historic opportunity to pass meaningful legislation reform the system so that it works for everyone—the general public, law enforcement personnel, taxpayers, crime victims, and offenders who have served their time, paid their debt to society, and anxious to redeem the second chance so they can ‘‘pay it forward.’’ 
It is past time for us to Ban the Box! 
Missouri has lately taken center stage when 
it comes to racial tensions: the unrest in Fer-guson and the protests at the University of Missouri. 
Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager, 
was shot and killed on Aug. 9, 2014, by Darren Wilson, a white police officer, in Fer-guson, Mo., a suburb of St. Louis. 
The shooting prompted violent protests and 
helped form the Black Lives Matter Movement. 
The unrest in Ferguson likely comes from 
Missouri’s acute levels of racial segregation. 
The African-American population is heavily 
concentrated in the segregated cities of St. Louis and Kansas City. 
St. Louis is the fifth-most racially segregated 
city in the United States. 
The state poverty is located mostly within 
predominantly black areas. 
The racial segregation that is rampant in the 
‘‘Show Me State’’ stems from white hostility to-wards African Americans and that hostility magnifies itself on college campuses, includ-ing the University of Missouri. 
Protests have been on-going in Columbia, 
MO since October in response to racist inci-dents that further the rampant racism in the state. 
For example, in 2010, two white students 
were arrested for dropping cotton balls in front of the Gaines/Oldham Black Culture Center and in 2011 a student was given probation for racially charged graffiti in a student dormitory. 
On September 12, 2015, a Facebook post 
by the student government president Payton Head complained of bigotry and anti-gay senti-ment around the college campus, which gained widespread attention. 
The Mizzou football team announced on No-
vember 8th that they would boycott playing until the administration took drastic steps. 
The University President Tim Wolfe and 
Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin both stepped down on November 9th but the protests are ongoing. 
October 20, 2014 is an unforgettable day 
because a young man named Laquan McDon-ald was fatally shot 16 times in the middle of 
the street by Chicago Police officer Jason Van Dyke. 
Sadly, October 20, will serve as a yearly re-
minder of the unambiguous slaying of a young man who will never have the chance to grow old. 
More than 500 protesters marched through 
Chicago for nearly 9 hours after officials re-leased the chilling dash-cam video showing the fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald. 
Protesters marched along Chicago’s famous 
Michigan Avenue the day after Thanksgiving, demanding the resignations of the city’s top leaders. 
The Protesters stood in harmony with 
locked arms outside the doors of major retail-ers chanting ‘‘Stop the cover-up’’ and ‘‘16 shots! 16 shots’’ which was the number of times the officer fired upon Laquan McDonald. 
Other Police killings include: The death of 43-year-old Eric Garner result-
ing from the application of a NYPD police chokehold occurred in the Northeast and the death of 18-year-old Michael Brown and the resulting events in Ferguson occurred in the border state of Missouri. 
The killing of 12-year-old Tamir Rice by a 
Cleveland police office occurred in the Mid-west and death of unarmed 26-year-old Jor-dan Baker by an off-duty Houston police offi-cer occurred in Texas. 
In Phoenix, Arizona, Rumain Brisbon, an 
unarmed black father of four, was shot to death in when a police officer allegedly mis-took his bottle of pills for a gun. 
In Pasdena, California, 19-year-old Kendrec 
McDade was chased and shot seven times by two police officers after a 911 caller falsely re-ported he had been robbed at gunpoint by two black men, neither of whom in fact was armed. 
And, of course, on April 4, the conscience of 
the nation was shocked by the horrifying killing of 50-year-old Walter Scott by a North Charleston police officer in the southern state of South Carolina. 
Nearly 1,000 people in Minneapolis, Min-
nesota marched to City Hall less than a day after five protesters were shot near a Black Lives Matter demonstration. 
This shooting which is seen to be a racially 
motivated attack has pushed Minneapolis into the national spotlight. 
The events in Minneapolis reminded us that 
we cannot and we must not allow tensions, which are present in so many neighborhoods across America, to go unresolved. 
Beyond Broke: Why Closing the Racial 
Wealth Gap is a Priority for National Economic Security uses the most recently available data from the U.S. Census Bureau’s Survey of In-come and Program Participation (SIPP) along with the National Asset Scorecard in Commu-nities of Color (NASCC) to highlight the cur-rent state of America’s racial wealth gap. 
The report findings include: Between 2005 and 2011, the median net 
worth of households of color remained near their 2009 levels, reflecting a drop of 58 per-cent for Latinos, 48 percent for Asians, 45 per-cent for African Americans but only 21 percent for whites. 
Hispanic households experienced the larg-
est drop in net worth following the recession. 
More than half of whites own four or more 
tangible assets, compared to 49 percent of Asians and only one in five of African Ameri-cans and Latinos. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:22 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.030 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8444 November 30, 2015 
African Americans (38 percent) and Latinos 
(35 percent) are over twice as likely as whites (13 percent) to hold no financial assets at all and to have no or negative net worth. 
At no point in our nation’s history has a sin-
gle human been more capable of inflicting massive death and misery, and our society is producing more individuals who seek to em-ploy such means to carry out their ill inten-tions. 
While it is certainly true that violent crime 
and homicide rates in this country have been declining in recent years, they are still far above those in other industrialized nations. 
Most recently, the horrible attack on a 
Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs that took the lives of 3 Americans, including a mother and an Iraqi war Veteran. 
That is just one horrific example of why we 
must act now to stop gun violence, protect citi-zens, and end the urban warfare. 
And we have a plan of action. 1. Require universal background checks to 
keep guns out of dangerous hands; an esti-mated 40% of gun transfers—6.6 million trans-fers—are conducted without a background check. 1/3 of ‘‘want-to-buy’’ ads online are posted by people with a criminal record. More than 4 times the rate at which prohibited gun buyers try to buy guns in stores. That would equate to 25,000 guns in illegal hands. 
2. Ban military-style assault weapons; 3. Closing of the gun-show loophole; and 4. Increase access to mental health serv-
ices. We must work to reduce access to fire-arms for people with suicidal tendencies. 90% of suicide victims should have been diagnosed with a psychiatric disorder. Firearms are the most common method of suicide—51%. We need to ensure that mental health profes-sionals know their options for reporting threats of violence—even as we acknowledge that someone with a mental illness is far more like-ly to be the victim of a violent crime than the perpetrator. 
Every day, 48 children and teens are shot in 
murders, assaults, suicides & suicide at-tempts, unintentional shootings, and police intervention. Every day, 7 children and teens die from gun violence. 
Over 17,000 (17,499) American children and 
teens are shot in murders, assaults, suicides & suicide attempts, unintentional shootings, or by police intervention each year. 2,677 kids die from gun violence each year. Every day, 297 people in America are shot in murders, assaults, suicides & suicide attempts, uninten-tional shootings, and police intervention. Every day, 89 people die from gun violence. 
Over 108,000 (108,476) people in America 
are shot in murders, assaults, suicides & sui-cide attempts, unintentional shootings, or by police intervention. 32,514 people die from gun violence each year. 
The senseless killings in Bamako, Mali, Bei-
rut, and the Bataclan Theater in Paris are the most current examples of global terrorism. 
The terror attacks that unfolded across Paris 
continue to tear at the hearts of all Americans. 
Those who think that they can terrorize the 
people of France or the values that they stand for are wrong. The American people draw strength from the French people’s commitment to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness. 
In response to these disgusting attacks, I 
call on my colleagues to pass my bill H.R. 48 the No Fly for Foreign Fighters Act. 
This would require the Director of the Ter-
rorist Screening Center to review the com-pleteness of the Terrorist Screening Database 
and the terrorist watch list utilized by the Transportation Security Administration. 
Despite the recent terrorist attacks around 
the world, ISIS is not the most deadly terrorist organization. 
The 2015 Global Terrorism Index found that 
Boko Haram in Nieria killed 6,644 people in 2014. 77% of deaths were private citizens. 
This compared to 6,073 at the hands of 
ISIS. 
Boko Haram was formed in 2002 and be-
came armed in 2009. 
In the last six years, Boko Haram has car-
ried out more than 500 violent attacks against a broad array of targets: Christian and Muslim communities, government installations, schools, hospitals and medical facilities, aid workers, and journalists. 
Their latest attack on Yola, Nigeria, left 
more than 30 people dead. 
Boko Haram became well-known on a glob-
al stage when they kidnapped 200 school girls. 
During my visit to Nigeria over the summer 
I met with government officials, including President Muhammadu Buhari, and others to discuss what is currently being done to bring these girls back to their families as soon as possible. 
Children’s rights are human rights, and 
these types of attacks, specifically targeting of schools, are strictly prohibited under inter-national law and cannot be justified under any circumstances. 
Girls and young women around the world 
absolutely must be allowed to go to school peacefully and free from intimidation, persecu-tion and all other forms of discrimination. 
I have introduced H. Res. 528, Expressing 
the sense of the House of Representatives re-garding to the Victims of the Terror Protection fund, which expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that: Boko Haram and other terrorist organizations be declared an existential threat to the human rights and se-curity of the Nigerian people and their regional neighbors; the global strategy for ending the suffering and creating solutions for displaced persons in Africa includes a Victims of Terror Protection Fund, which should provide human-itarian assistance to Boko Haram victims; mili-tary technical assistance be provided to Nige-ria and its neighbors; and the Victims of Terror Support Fund should be modeled after the cases of Khazakhstan and Equatorial Guinea where prior kleptocracy initiatives have been created to benefit communities and victims in need of support. 
I also wear red every Wednesday to stand 
in solidarity with Representative W
ILSON in our 
combined effort to #BringBackOurGirls. 
A terrible blow was dealt to the Voting 
Rights Act on June 25, 2013, when the Su-preme Court handed down the decision in Shelby County v. Holder, 537 U.S. 193 (2013), which invalidated Section 4(b), the provision of the law determining which jurisdictions would be subject to Section 5 ‘‘pre-clearance.’’ The reason the Court gave for its ruling ‘‘times have changed.’’ 
Times have changed, but what the Court did 
not fully appreciate is that the positive changes it cited were due almost entirely to the existence and vigorous enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. 
In the 50 years since its passage in 1965, 
the Voting Rights Act has safeguarded the right of Americans to vote and stood as an ob-
stacle to many of the more egregious attempts by certain states and local jurisdictions to game the system by passing discriminatory changes to their election laws and administra-tive policies. 
I am a sponsor of the H.R. 2867, the Voting 
Rights Advancement Act of 2015, a bill that restores and advances the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by providing a modern day coverage test that will extend federal oversight to juris-dictions which have a history of voter suppres-sion and protects vulnerable communities from discriminatory voting practices. 
I am also a sponsor of H.R. 12, the Voter 
Empower Act of 2015, which protects voters from suppression, deception, and other forms of disenfranchisement by modernizing voter registration, promoting access to voting for in-dividuals with disabilities, and protecting the ability of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for federal office. 
This year I had the honor to present the 
Barbara Jordan Gold Medallion for Public-Pri-vate Leadership to a pioneer in her own right Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
This prestigious award is presented annually 
to a woman of demonstrated excellence in the public or private sector whose achievements are an example and inspiration to people ev-erywhere, but especially to women and girls. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Mr. KLINE (during the Special Order 
of Ms. K ELLY of Illinois) submitted the 
following conference report and state-ment on the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves: 
CONFERENCE REPORT (TO ACCOMPANY S. 1177) 
The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 1177), to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to rec-ommend and do recommend to their respec-tive Houses as follows: 
That the Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House and agree to the same with an amendment as fol-lows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Every Student 
Succeeds Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Transition. Sec. 5. Effective dates. 
Sec. 6. Table of contents of the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS 
OPERATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES 
P
ART A—I MPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS OPER-
ATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES  
Sec. 1000. Redesignations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:26 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.032 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8445 November 30, 2015 
Sec. 1001. Statement of purpose. 
Sec. 1002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 1003. School improvement. Sec. 1004. Direct student services. Sec. 1005. State plans. Sec. 1006. Local educational agency plans. Sec. 1007. Eligible school attendance areas. Sec. 1008. Schoolwide programs. Sec. 1009. Targeted assistance schools. Sec. 1010. Parent and family engagement. Sec. 1011. Participation of children enrolled in 
private schools. 
Sec. 1012. Supplement, not supplant. Sec. 1013. Coordination requirements. Sec. 1014. Grants for the outlying areas and the 
Secretary of the Interior. 
Sec. 1015. Allocations to States. Sec. 1016. Adequacy of funding rule. Sec. 1017. Education finance incentive grant 
program. 
P
ARTB—S TATE ASSESSMENT GRANTS  
Sec. 1201. State assessment grants. 
PARTC—E DUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHILDREN  
Sec. 1301. Education of migratory children. P
ARTD—P REVENTION AND INTERVENTION PRO-
GRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHOARE 
NEGLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK 
Sec. 1401. Prevention and intervention pro-
grams for children and youth who are neglected, delinquent, or at- risk. 
P
ARTE—F LEXIBILITY FOR EQUITABLE PER- 
PUPIL FUNDING  
Sec. 1501. Flexibility for equitable per-pupil 
funding. 
PARTF—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
Sec. 1601. General provisions. TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND RE-
CRUITING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEAD-ERS 
Sec. 2001. General provisions. 
Sec. 2002. Preparing, training, and recruiting 
high-quality teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
Sec. 3001. Redesignation of certain provisions. 
Sec. 3002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 3003. English language acquisition, lan-
guage enhancement, and aca-demic achievement. 
Sec. 3004. General provisions. 
TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS 
Sec. 4001. Redesignations and transfers. 
Sec. 4002. General provisions. 
P
ARTA—S TUDENT SUPPORT AND ACADEMIC  
ENRICHMENT GRANTS  
Sec. 4101. Student support and academic en-
richment grants. 
PARTB—21 STCENTURY COMMUNITY LEARNING  
CENTERS  
Sec. 4201. 21st century community learning cen-
ters. 
PARTC—E XPANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH  
QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOLS  
Sec. 4301. Charter schools. 
PARTD—M AGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE  
Sec. 4401. Magnet schools assistance. 
PARTE—F AMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION  
PROGRAMS  
Sec. 4501. Family Engagement in Education 
Programs. 
PARTF—N ATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
Sec. 4601. National activities. 
TITLE V—STATE INNOVATION AND LOCAL 
FLEXIBILITY 
Sec. 5001. General provisions. 
Sec. 5002. Funding Transferability for State 
and Local Educational Agencies. Sec. 5003. Rural education initiative. 
Sec. 5004. General provisions. Sec. 5005. Review relating to rural local edu-
cational agencies. 
TITLE VI—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
Sec. 6001. Conforming amendments. 
Sec. 6002. Indian education. Sec. 6003. Native Hawaiian education. Sec. 6004. Alaska Native education. Sec. 6005. Report on Native American language 
medium education. 
Sec. 6006. Report on responses to Indian stu-
dent suicides. 
TITLE VII—IMPACT AID 
Sec. 7001. General provisions. 
Sec. 7002. Purpose. Sec. 7003. Payments relating to federal acquisi-
tion of real property. 
Sec. 7004. Payments for eligible federally con-
nected children. 
Sec. 7005. Policies and procedures relating to 
children residing on Indian lands. 
Sec. 7006. Application for payments under sec-
tions 7002 and 7003. 
Sec. 7007. Construction. Sec. 7008. Facilities. Sec. 7009. State consideration of payments in 
providing state aid. 
Sec. 7010. Federal administration. 
Sec. 7011. Administrative hearings and judicial 
review. 
Sec. 7012. Definitions. Sec. 7013. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE VIII—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 8001. General provisions. 
Sec. 8002. Definitions. Sec. 8003. Applicability of title. Sec. 8004. Applicability to Bureau of Indian 
Education operated schools. 
Sec. 8005. Consolidation of State administrative 
funds for elementary and sec-ondary education programs. 
Sec. 8006. Consolidation of funds for local ad-
ministration. 
Sec. 8007. Consolidated set-aside for Depart-
ment of the Interior funds. 
Sec. 8008. Department staff. Sec. 8009. Optional consolidated State plans or 
applications. 
Sec. 8010. General applicability of State edu-
cational agency assurances. 
Sec. 8011. Rural consolidated plan. Sec. 8012. Other general assurances. Sec. 8013. Waivers of statutory and regulatory 
requirements. 
Sec. 8014. Approval and disapproval of State 
plans and local applications. 
Sec. 8015. Participation by private school chil-
dren and teachers. 
Sec. 8016. Standards for by-pass. Sec. 8017. Complaint process for participation of 
private school children. 
Sec. 8018. By-pass determination process. Sec. 8019. Maintenance of effort. Sec. 8020. Prohibition regarding state aid. Sec. 8021. School prayer. Sec. 8022. Prohibited uses of funds. Sec. 8023. Prohibitions. Sec. 8024. Prohibitions on Federal Government 
and use of Federal funds. 
Sec. 8025. Armed forces recruiter access to stu-
dents and student recruiting in-formation. 
Sec. 8026. Prohibition on federally sponsored 
testing. 
Sec. 8027. Limitations on national testing or 
certification for teachers, prin-cipals, or other school leaders. 
Sec. 8028. Prohibition on requiring State par-
ticipation. 
Sec. 8029. Civil rights. Sec. 8030. Consultation with Indian tribes and 
tribal organizations. 
Sec. 8031. Outreach and technical assistance for 
rural local educational agencies. Sec. 8032. Consultation with the Governor. 
Sec. 8033. Local governance. Sec. 8034. Rule of construction regarding travel 
to and from school. 
Sec. 8035. Limitations on school-based health 
centers. 
Sec. 8036. State control over standards. Sec. 8037. Sense of Congress on protecting stu-
dent privacy. 
Sec. 8038. Prohibition on aiding and abetting 
sexual abuse. 
Sec. 8039. Sense of Congress on restoration of 
state sovereignty over public edu-cation. 
Sec. 8040. Privacy. Sec. 8041. Analysis and periodic review; sense of 
Congress; technical assistance. 
Sec. 8042. Evaluations. 
TITLE IX—EDUCATION FOR THE 
HOMELESS AND OTHER LAWS 
P
ARTA—H OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS  
Sec. 9101. Statement of policy. 
Sec. 9102. Grants for State and local activities. Sec. 9103. Local educational agency subgrants. Sec. 9104. Secretarial responsibilities. Sec. 9105. Definitions. Sec. 9106. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 9107. Effective date. 
P
ARTB—M ISCELLANEOUS ; OTHER LAWS 
Sec. 9201. Findings and sense of Congress on 
sexual misconduct. 
Sec. 9202. Sense of Congress on First Amend-
ment rights. 
Sec. 9203. Preventing improper use of taxpayer 
funds. 
Sec. 9204. Accountability to taxpayers through 
monitoring and oversight. 
Sec. 9205. Report on Department actions to ad-
dress Office of Inspector General reports. 
Sec. 9206. Posthumous pardon. Sec. 9207. Education Flexibility Partnership Act 
of 1999 reauthorization. 
Sec. 9208. Report on the reduction of the num-
ber and percentage of students who drop out of school. 
Sec. 9209. Report on subgroup sample size. Sec. 9210. Report on student home access to dig-
ital learning resources. 
Sec. 9211. Study on the title I formula. Sec. 9212. Preschool development grants. Sec. 9213. Review of Federal early childhood 
education programs. 
Sec. 9214. Use of the term ‘‘highly qualified’’ in 
other laws. 
Sec. 9215. Additional conforming amendments 
to other laws. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, when-
ever in this Act an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. TRANSITION. 
(a) F UNDING AUTHORITY .— 
(1) M ULTI-YEAR AWARDS .— 
(A) P ROGRAMS NO LONGER AUTHORIZED .—Ex-
cept as otherwise provided in this Act or the amendments made by this Act, the recipient of a multiyear award under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, under a program that is not authorized under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as amended by this Act, and— 
(i) that is not substantively similar to a pro-
gram authorized under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as amended by this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of such prior award, except that no additional funds for such program may be awarded after September 30, 2016; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:22 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8446 November 30, 2015 
(ii) that is substantively similar to a program 
authorized under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as amended by this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of such prior award. 
(B) A
UTHORIZED PROGRAMS .—Except as other-
wise provided in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, the recipient of a multiyear award under a program that was authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, and that is authorized under such Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as amended by this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of such prior award. 
(2) P
LANNING AND TRANSITION .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, a recipient of funds under a program described in para-graph (1)(A)(ii) or (1)(B) may use funds award-ed to the recipient under such program, to carry out necessary and reasonable planning and transition activities in order to ensure the re-cipient’s compliance with the amendments to such program made by this Act. 
(b) O
RDERLY TRANSITION .—Subject to sub-
section (a)(1)(A)(i), the Secretary shall take such steps as are necessary to provide for the or-derly transition to, and implementation of, pro-grams authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et. seq.), as amended by this Act, from programs authorized under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION OF CERTAIN WAIVERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Act, and subject to section 5(e)(2), a waiver described in paragraph (2) shall be null and void and have no legal effect on or after August 1, 2016. 
(2) W
AIVERS .—A waiver shall be subject to 
paragraph (1) if the waiver was granted by the Secretary of Education to a State or consortium of local educational agencies under the program first introduced in a letter to chief State school officers dated September 23, 2011, and author-ized under section 9401 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7861), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this Act, or an amendment made by this Act, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall be effective upon the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(b) N
ONCOMPETITIVE PROGRAMS .—With re-
spect to noncompetitive programs under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq) and the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.) under which any funds are allotted by the Sec-retary of Education to recipients on the basis of a formula, the amendments made by this Act shall be effective beginning on July 1, 2016, ex-cept as otherwise provided in such amendments. 
(c) C
OMPETITIVE PROGRAMS .—With respect to 
programs that are conducted by the Secretary of Education on a competitive basis (and are not programs described in subsection (b)) under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the amendments made by this Act with respect to appropriations for use under such programs shall be effective beginning on October 1, 2016, except as other-wise provided in such amendments. 
(d) I
MPACT AID.—With respect to title VII of 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as amended by this Act, the amendments made by this Act shall take effect with respect to appropriations for use under such title begin-ning fiscal year 2017, except as otherwise pro-vided in such amendments. 
(e) T
ITLE I OF THE ELEMENTARY AND SEC-
ONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF 1965.— (1) E FFECTIVE DATES FOR SECTION 1111 OF THE  
ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF  
1965.—Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, and subject to paragraph (2) of this subsection— 
(A) section 1111(b)(2) of the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be effective through the close of August 1, 2016; 
(B) subsections (c) and (d) of section 1111 of 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311), as amended by this Act, shall take effect beginning with school year 2017–2018; and 
(C) section 1111(b)(2) of the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)), as amended by this Act, and any other provision of section 1111 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 6311), as amended by this Act, which is not described in subparagraph (B) of this para-graph, shall take effect in a manner consistent with subsection (a). 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Act (including subsection (b) and paragraph (1)), any school or local edu-cational agency described in subparagraph (B) shall continue to implement interventions appli-cable to such school or local educational agency under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B) until— 
(i) the State plan for the State in which the 
school or agency is located under section 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311), as amended by this Act, is approved under such section (20 U.S.C. 6311); or 
(ii) subsections (c) and (d) of section 1111 of 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311), as amended by this Act, take effect in accordance with paragraph (1)(B), 
whichever occurs first. 
(B) C
ERTAIN SCHOOLS AND LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—A school or local edu-
cational agency shall be subject to the require-ments of subparagraph (A), if such school or local educational agency has been identified by the State in which the school or local edu-cational agency is located— 
(i) as in need of improvement, corrective ac-
tion, or restructuring under part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; or 
(ii) as a priority or focus school under a waiv-
er granted by the Secretary of Education under section 9401 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7861), as in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE ELEMEN-
TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF 1965. 
Section 2 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 1. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
‘‘TITLE I—IMPROVING THE ACADEMIC 
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE DISADVANTAGED 
‘‘Sec. 1001. Statement of purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1002. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘Sec. 1003. School improvement. ‘‘Sec. 1003A. Direct student services. ‘‘Sec. 1004. State administration. 
‘‘P
ARTA—I MPROVING BASICPROGRAMS  
OPERATED BY LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —BASIC PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS  
‘‘Sec. 1111. State plans. 
‘‘Sec. 1112. Local educational agency plans. ‘‘Sec. 1113. Eligible school attendance areas. ‘‘Sec. 1114. Schoolwide programs. ‘‘Sec. 1115. Targeted assistance schools. ‘‘Sec. 1116. Parent and family engagement. ‘‘Sec. 1117. Participation of children enrolled in 
private schools. 
‘‘Sec. 1118. Fiscal requirements. ‘‘Sec. 1119. Coordination requirements. ‘‘
SUBPART 2 —ALLOCATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1121. Grants for the outlying areas and 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘Sec. 1122. Allocations to States. ‘‘Sec. 1124. Basic grants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1124A. Concentration grants to local edu-
cational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1125. Targeted grants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1125AA. Adequacy of funding to local 
educational agencies in fiscal years after fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘Sec. 1125A. Education finance incentive grant 
program. 
‘‘Sec. 1126. Special allocation procedures. ‘‘Sec. 1127. Carryover and waiver. 
‘‘P
ARTB—S TATE ASSESSMENT GRANTS  
‘‘Sec. 1201. Grants for State assessments and re-
lated activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1202. State option to conduct assessment 
system audit. 
‘‘Sec. 1203. Allotment of appropriated funds. ‘‘Sec. 1204. Innovative assessment and account-
ability demonstration authority. 
‘‘P
ARTC—E DUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHILDREN  
‘‘Sec. 1301. Program purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 1302. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 1303. State allocations. ‘‘Sec. 1304. State applications; services. ‘‘Sec. 1305. Secretarial approval; peer review. ‘‘Sec. 1306. Comprehensive needs assessment 
and service-delivery plan; author-ized activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1307. Bypass. ‘‘Sec. 1308. Coordination of migrant education 
activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1309. Definitions. 
‘‘P
ARTD—P REVENTION AND INTERVENTION PRO-
GRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHOARE 
NEGLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK 
‘‘Sec. 1401. Purpose and program authorization. 
‘‘Sec. 1402. Payments for programs under this 
part. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —STATE AGENCY PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 1411. Eligibility. 
‘‘Sec. 1412. Allocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1413. State reallocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1414. State plan and State agency appli-
cations. 
‘‘Sec. 1415. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1416. Institution-wide projects. ‘‘Sec. 1417. Three-year programs or projects. ‘‘Sec. 1418. Transition services. ‘‘Sec. 1419. Technical assistance. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —LOCAL AGENCY PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 1421. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1422. Programs operated by local edu-
cational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1423. Local educational agency applica-
tions. 
‘‘Sec. 1424. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1425. Program requirements for correc-
tional facilities receiving funds under this section. 
‘‘Sec. 1426. Accountability. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —GENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1431. Program evaluations. 
‘‘Sec. 1432. Definitions. 
‘‘PARTE—F LEXIBILITY FOR EQUITABLE PER- 
PUPIL FUNDING  
‘‘Sec. 1501. Flexibility for equitable per-pupil 
funding. 
‘‘PARTF—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1601. Federal regulations. 
‘‘Sec. 1602. Agreements and records. 
‘‘Sec. 1603. State administration. ‘‘Sec. 1604. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 1605. Rule of construction on equalized 
spending. 
‘‘TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND 
RECRUITING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEAD-ERS 
‘‘Sec. 2001. Purpose. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8447 November 30, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 2002. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2003. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PARTA—S UPPORTING EFFECTIVE INSTRUCTION  
‘‘Sec. 2101. Formula grants to States. 
‘‘Sec. 2102. Subgrants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 2103. Local uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 2104. Reporting. 
‘‘P
ARTB—N ATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 2201. Reservations. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER  
INCENTIVE PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 2211. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2212. Teacher and school leader incentive 
fund grants. 
‘‘Sec. 2213. Reports. 
‘‘SUBPART 2 —LITERACY EDUCATION FOR ALL , 
RESULTS FOR THE NATION  
‘‘Sec. 2221. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2222. Comprehensive literacy State devel-
opment grants. 
‘‘Sec. 2223. Subgrants to eligible entities in sup-
port of birth through kinder-garten entry literacy. 
‘‘Sec. 2224. Subgrants to eligible entities in sup-
port of kindergarten through grade 12 literacy. 
‘‘Sec. 2225. National evaluation and informa-
tion dissemination. 
‘‘Sec. 2226. Innovative approaches to literacy. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —AMERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS  
EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 2231. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 2232. Presidential and congressional 
academies for American history and civics. 
‘‘Sec. 2233. National activities. 
‘‘
SUBPART 4 —PROGRAMS OF NATIONAL  
SIGNIFICANCE  
‘‘Sec. 2241. Funding allotment. 
‘‘Sec. 2242. Supporting effective educator devel-
opment. 
‘‘Sec. 2243. School leader recruitment and sup-
port. 
‘‘Sec. 2244. Technical assistance and national 
evaluation. 
‘‘Sec. 2245. STEM master teacher corps. 
‘‘PARTC—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 2301. Supplement, not supplant. 
‘‘Sec. 2302. Rules of construction. 
‘‘TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
‘‘Sec. 3001. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘P
ART A—E NGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION , 
LANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT , AND ACADEMIC  
ACHIEVEMENT ACT 
‘‘Sec. 3101. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 3102. Purposes. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS FOR  
ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION AND LAN -
GUAGE ENHANCEMENT  
‘‘Sec. 3111. Formula grants to States. 
‘‘Sec. 3112. Native American and Alaska Native 
children in school. 
‘‘Sec. 3113. State and specially qualified agency 
plans. 
‘‘Sec. 3114. Within-State allocations. ‘‘Sec. 3115. Subgrants to eligible entities. ‘‘Sec. 3116. Local plans. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —ACCOUNTABILITY AND  
ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘Sec. 3121. Reporting. 
‘‘Sec. 3122. Biennial reports. ‘‘Sec. 3123. Coordination with related programs. ‘‘Sec. 3124. Rules of construction. ‘‘Sec. 3125. Legal authority under State law. ‘‘Sec. 3126. Civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 3127. Programs for Native Americans and 
Puerto Rico. 
‘‘Sec. 3128. Prohibition. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —NATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 3131. National professional development 
project. ‘‘PARTB—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 3201. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 3202. National clearinghouse. ‘‘Sec. 3203. Regulations. 
‘‘TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS 
‘‘Sec. 4001. General provisions. 
‘‘P
ARTA—S TUDENT SUPPORT AND ACADEMIC  
ENRICHMENT GRANTS  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —STUDENT SUPPORT AND ACADEMIC  
ENRICHMENT GRANTS  
‘‘Sec. 4101. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4102. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4103. Formula grants to States. ‘‘Sec. 4104. State use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 4105. Allocations to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 4106. Local educational agency applica-
tions. 
‘‘Sec. 4107. Activities to support well-rounded 
educational opportunities. 
‘‘Sec. 4108. Activities to support safe and 
healthy students. 
‘‘Sec. 4109. Activities to support the effective 
use of technology. 
‘‘Sec. 4110. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 4111. Rule of construction. ‘‘Sec. 4112. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —INTERNET SAFETY  
‘‘4121. Internet safety. 
‘‘PARTB—21 STCENTURY COMMUNITY LEARNING  
CENTERS  
‘‘Sec. 4201. Purpose; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 4202. Allotments to States. ‘‘Sec. 4203. State application. ‘‘Sec. 4204. Local competitive subgrant program. ‘‘Sec. 4205. Local activities. ‘‘Sec. 4206. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘P
ARTC—E XPANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH  
QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 4301. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4302. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4303. Grants to support high-quality 
charter schools. 
‘‘Sec. 4304. Facilities financing assistance. ‘‘Sec. 4305. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 4306. Federal formula allocation during 
first year and for successive en-rollment expansions. 
‘‘Sec. 4307. Solicitation of input from charter 
school operators. 
‘‘Sec. 4308. Records transfer. ‘‘Sec. 4309. Paperwork reduction. ‘‘Sec. 4310. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4311. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘P
ARTD—M AGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE  
‘‘Sec. 4401. Findings and purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4402. Definition. ‘‘Sec. 4403. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4404. Eligibility. ‘‘Sec. 4405. Applications and requirements. ‘‘Sec. 4406. Priority. ‘‘Sec. 4407. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 4408. Limitations. ‘‘Sec. 4409. Authorization of appropriations; 
reservation. 
‘‘P
ARTE—F AMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION  
PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 4501. Purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 4502. Grants authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4503. Applications. 
‘‘Sec. 4504. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 4505. Family engagement in Indian 
schools. 
‘‘Sec. 4506. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘P
ARTF—N ATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 4601. Authorization of appropriations; 
reservations. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —EDUCATION INNOVATION AND  
RESEARCH  
‘‘Sec. 4611. Grants for education innovation 
and research. 
‘‘SUBPART 2 —COMMUNITY SUPPORT FOR SCHOOL  
SUCCESS  
‘‘Sec. 4621. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 4622. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 4623. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4624. Promise neighborhoods. ‘‘Sec. 4625. Full-service community schools. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —NATIONAL ACTIVITIES FOR SCHOOL  
SAFETY  
‘‘Sec. 4631. National activities for school safety. 
‘‘SUBPART 4 —ACADEMIC ENRICHMENT  
‘‘Sec. 4641. Awards for academic enrichment. 
‘‘Sec. 4642. Assistance for arts education. ‘‘Sec. 4643. Ready to learn programming. ‘‘Sec. 4644. Supporting high-ability learners 
and learning. 
‘‘TITLE V—FLEXIBILITY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
‘‘P
ARTA—F UNDING TRANSFERABILITY FOR  
STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 5101. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5102. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 5103. Transferability of funds. 
‘‘P
ARTB—R URAL EDUCATION INITIATIVE  
‘‘Sec. 5201. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5202. Purpose. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —SMALL , RURAL SCHOOL  
ACHIEVEMENT PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 5211. Use of applicable funding. 
‘‘Sec. 5212. Grant program authorized. 
‘‘SUBPART 2 —RURAL AND LOW -INCOME SCHOOL  
PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 5221. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 5222. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 5223. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 5224. Report. ‘‘Sec. 5225. Choice of participation. 
‘‘P
ARTC—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 5301. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 5302. Rule of construction on equalized 
spending. 
‘‘TITLE VI—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
‘‘PARTA—I NDIAN EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 6101. Statement of policy. 
‘‘Sec. 6102. Purpose. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —FORMULA GRANTS TO LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 6111. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 6112. Grants to local educational agencies 
and tribes. 
‘‘Sec. 6113. Amount of grants. ‘‘Sec. 6114. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 6115. Authorized services and activities. ‘‘Sec. 6116. Integration of services authorized. ‘‘Sec. 6117. Student eligibility forms. ‘‘Sec. 6118. Payments. ‘‘Sec. 6119. State educational agency review. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —SPECIAL PROGRAMS AND PROJECTS  
TO IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR  
INDIAN CHILDREN  
‘‘Sec. 6121. Improvement of educational oppor-
tunities for Indian children and youth. 
‘‘Sec. 6122. Professional development for teach-
ers and education professionals. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —NATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 6131. National research activities. 
‘‘Sec. 6132. Grants to tribes for education ad-
ministrative planning, develop-ment, and coordination. 
‘‘Sec. 6133. Native American and Alaska Native 
language immersion schools and programs. 
‘‘
SUBPART 4 —FEDERAL ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘Sec. 6141. National Advisory Council on In-
dian Education. 
‘‘Sec. 6142. Peer review. ‘‘Sec. 6143. Preference for Indian applicants. ‘‘Sec. 6144. Minimum grant criteria. 
‘‘
SUBPART 5 —DEFINITIONS ; AUTHORIZATIONS OF  
APPROPRIATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 6151. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 6152. Authorizations of appropriations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8448 November 30, 2015 
‘‘PARTB—N ATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 6201. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 6202. Findings. ‘‘Sec. 6203. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 6204. Native Hawaiian Education Coun-
cil. 
‘‘Sec. 6205. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 6206. Administrative provisions. ‘‘Sec. 6207. Definitions. 
‘‘P
ARTC—A LASKA NATIVE EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 6301. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 6302. Findings. ‘‘Sec. 6303. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 6304. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 6305. Administrative provisions. ‘‘Sec. 6306. Definitions. 
‘‘TITLE VII—IMPACT AID 
‘‘Sec. 7001. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 7002. Payments relating to Federal acqui-
sition of real property. 
‘‘Sec. 7003. Payments for eligible federally con-
nected children. 
‘‘Sec. 7004. Policies and procedures relating to 
children residing on Indian lands. 
‘‘Sec. 7005. Application for payments under sec-
tions 7002 and 7003. 
‘‘Sec. 7007. Construction. ‘‘Sec. 7008. Facilities. ‘‘Sec. 7009. State consideration of payments in 
providing State aid. 
‘‘Sec. 7010. Federal administration. ‘‘Sec. 7011. Administrative hearings and judi-
cial review. 
‘‘Sec. 7012. Forgiveness of overpayments. ‘‘Sec. 7013. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 7014. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE VIII—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘P
ARTA—D EFINITIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8101. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 8102. Applicability of title. ‘‘Sec. 8103. Applicability to Bureau of Indian 
Education operated schools. 
‘‘P
ARTB—F LEXIBILITY IN THE USE OF  
ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER FUNDS 
‘‘Sec. 8201. Consolidation of State administra-
tive funds for elementary and sec-ondary education programs. 
‘‘Sec. 8202. Single local educational agency 
States. 
‘‘Sec. 8203. Consolidation of funds for local ad-
ministration. 
‘‘Sec. 8204. Consolidated set-aside for Depart-
ment of the Interior funds. 
‘‘Sec. 8205. Department staff. 
‘‘P
ART C—C OORDINATION OF PROGRAMS ; CON-
SOLIDATED STATE AND LOCAL PLANS AND AP-
PLICATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8301. Purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 8302. Optional consolidated State plans or 
applications. 
‘‘Sec. 8303. Consolidated reporting. ‘‘Sec. 8304. General applicability of State edu-
cational agency assurances. 
‘‘Sec. 8305. Consolidated local plans or applica-
tions. 
‘‘Sec. 8306. Other general assurances. 
‘‘P
ARTD—W AIVERS  
‘‘Sec. 8401. Waivers of statutory and regulatory 
requirements. 
‘‘PARTE—A PPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF  
STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8451. Approval and disapproval of State 
plans. 
‘‘Sec. 8452. Approval and disapproval of local 
educational agency applications. 
‘‘PARTF—U NIFORM PROVISIONS  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —PRIVATE SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 8501. Participation by private school chil-
dren and teachers. 
‘‘Sec. 8502. Standards for by-pass. ‘‘Sec. 8503. Complaint process for participation 
of private school children. 
‘‘Sec. 8504. By-pass determination process. ‘‘Sec. 8505. Prohibition against funds for reli-
gious worship or instruction. 
‘‘Sec. 8506. Private, religious, and home 
schools. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —OTHER PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8521. Maintenance of effort. 
‘‘Sec. 8522. Prohibition regarding State aid. ‘‘Sec. 8523. Privacy of assessment results. ‘‘Sec. 8524. School prayer. ‘‘Sec. 8525. Equal access to public school facili-
ties. 
‘‘Sec. 8526. Prohibited uses of funds ‘‘Sec. 8526A. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 8527. Prohibitions on Federal Government 
and use of Federal funds. 
‘‘Sec. 8528. Armed Forces recruiter access to 
students and student recruiting information. 
‘‘Sec. 8529. Prohibition on federally sponsored 
testing. 
‘‘Sec. 8530. Limitations on national testing or 
certification for teachers, prin-cipals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘Sec. 8530A. Prohibition on requiring State par-
ticipation. 
‘‘Sec. 8531. Prohibition on nationwide database. ‘‘Sec. 8532. Unsafe school choice option. ‘‘Sec. 8533. Prohibition on discrimination. ‘‘Sec. 8534. Civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 8535. Rulemaking. ‘‘Sec. 8536. Severability. ‘‘Sec. 8537. Transfer of school disciplinary 
records. 
‘‘Sec. 8538. Consultation with Indian tribes and 
tribal organizations. 
‘‘Sec. 8539. Outreach and technical assistance 
for rural local educational agen-cies. 
‘‘Sec. 8540. Consultation with the Governor. ‘‘Sec. 8541. Local governance. ‘‘Sec. 8542. Rule of construction regarding trav-
el to and from school. 
‘‘Sec. 8543. Limitations on school-based health 
centers. 
‘‘Sec. 8544. State control over standards. ‘‘Sec. 8545. Sense of Congress on protecting stu-
dent privacy. 
‘‘Sec. 8546. Prohibition on aiding and abetting 
sexual abuse. 
‘‘Sec. 8547. Sense of Congress on restoration of 
State sovereignty over public edu-cation. 
‘‘Sec. 8548. Privacy. ‘‘Sec. 8549. Analysis and periodic review of de-
partmental guidance. 
‘‘Sec. 8549A. Sense of Congress. ‘‘Sec. 8549B. Sense of Congress on early learn-
ing and child care. 
‘‘Sec. 8549C. Technical assistance. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —TEACHER LIABILITY PROTECTION  
‘‘Sec. 8551. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 8552. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 8553. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 8554. Applicability. ‘‘Sec. 8555. Preemption and election of State 
nonapplicability. 
‘‘Sec. 8556. Limitation on liability for teachers. ‘‘Sec. 8557. Allocation of responsibility for non-
economic loss. 
‘‘Sec. 8558. Effective date. 
‘‘
SUBPART 4 —GUN POSSESSION  
‘‘Sec. 8561. Gun-free requirements. 
‘‘SUBPART 5 —ENVIRONMENTAL TOBACCO SMOKE  
‘‘Sec. 8571. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 8572. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 8573. Nonsmoking policy for children’s 
services. 
‘‘Sec. 8574. Preemption. 
‘‘P
ARTG—E VALUATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8601. Evaluations.’’. TITLE I—IMPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS 
OPERATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES 
PART A—IMPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS 
OPERATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES 
SEC. 1000. REDESIGNATIONS. 
Subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 
et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 1116, 1117, and 1119; (2) by redesignating section 1118 as section 
1116; 
(3) by redesignating section 1120 as section 
1117; 
(4) by redesignating section 1120A as section 
1118; and 
(5) by redesignating section 1120B as section 
1119. 
SEC. 1001. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
Section 1001 (20 U.S.C. 6301) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1001. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to provide all 
children significant opportunity to receive a fair, equitable, and high-quality education, and to close educational achievement gaps.’’. 
SEC. 1002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 1002 (20 U.S.C. 6302) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY GRANTS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part A— 
‘‘(1) $15,012,317,605 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $15,457,459,042 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $15,897,371,442 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(4) $16,182,344,591 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(b) S
TATE ASSESSMENTS .—There are author-
ized to be appropriated to carry out the activi-ties described in part B, $378,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
‘‘(c) E
DUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHILDREN .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part C, $374,751,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
‘‘(d) P
REVENTION AND INTERVENTION PRO-
GRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHOARENE-
GLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK.—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part D, $47,614,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
‘‘(e) F
EDERAL ACTIVITIES .—For the purpose of 
carrying out evaluation activities related to title I under section 8601, there are authorized to be appropriated $710,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
‘‘(f) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING ADJUST -
MENTS TO AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS  
PROVIDED IN THISACT FOR FUTURE BUDGET  
AGREEMENTS .—It is the sense of Congress that if 
legislation is enacted that revises the limits on discretionary spending established under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)), the levels of appropriations authorized throughout this Act should be adjusted in a manner that is consistent with the adjustments in nonsecurity category funding provided for under the revised limits on discretionary spending.’’. 
SEC. 1003. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. 
Section 1003 (20 U.S.C. 6303) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1003. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. 
‘‘(a) S TATE RESERVATIONS .—To carry out sub-
section (b) and the State educational agency’s statewide system of technical assistance and support for local educational agencies, each State shall reserve the greater of— 
‘‘(1) 7 percent of the amount the State receives 
under subpart 2 of part A; or 
‘‘(2) the sum of the amount the State— ‘‘(A) reserved for fiscal year 2016 under this 
subsection, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8449 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(B) received for fiscal year 2016 under sub-
section (g), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. 
‘‘(b) U
SES.—Of the amount reserved under 
subsection (a) for any fiscal year, the State edu-cational agency— 
‘‘(1)(A) shall allocate not less than 95 percent 
of that amount to make grants to local edu-cational agencies on a formula or competitive basis, to serve schools implementing comprehen-sive support and improvement activities or tar-geted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d); or 
‘‘(B) may, with the approval of the local edu-
cational agency, directly provide for these ac-tivities or arrange for their provision through other entities such as school support teams, edu-cational service agencies, or nonprofit or for- profit external providers with expertise in using evidence-based strategies to improve student achievement, instruction, and schools; and 
‘‘(2) shall use the funds not allocated to local 
educational agencies under paragraph (1) to carry out this section, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) establishing the method, consistent with 
paragraph (1)(A), the State will use to allocate funds to local educational agencies under such paragraph, including ensuring— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agencies receiving 
an allotment under such paragraph represent the geographic diversity of the State; and 
‘‘(ii) that allotments are of sufficient size to 
enable a local educational agency to effectively implement selected strategies; 
‘‘(B) monitoring and evaluating the use of 
funds by local educational agencies receiving an allotment under such paragraph; and 
‘‘(C) as appropriate, reducing barriers and 
providing operational flexibility for schools in the implementation of comprehensive support and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d). 
‘‘(c) D
URATION .—The State educational agen-
cy shall award each subgrant under subsection (b) for a period of not more than 4 years, which may include a planning year. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as prohibiting a State from allocating subgrants under this section to a statewide school district, consortium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency that serves schools implementing com-prehensive support and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities, if such entities are legally constituted or recog-nized as local educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—To receive an allotment 
under subsection (b)(1), a local educational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such form, and including such information as the State educational agency may require. Each applica-tion shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will carry out its responsibilities under section 1111(d) for schools receiving funds under this section, including how the local edu-cational agency will— 
‘‘(A) develop comprehensive support and im-
provement plans under section 1111(d)(1) for schools receiving funds under this section; 
‘‘(B) support schools developing or imple-
menting targeted support and improvement plans under section 1111(d)(2), if funds received under this section are used for such purpose; 
‘‘(C) monitor schools receiving funds under 
this section, including how the local edu-cational agency will carry out its responsibilities under clauses (iv) and (v) of section 1111(d)(2)(B) if funds received under this section are used to support schools implementing tar-geted support and improvement plans; 
‘‘(D) use a rigorous review process to recruit, 
screen, select, and evaluate any external part-ners with whom the local educational agency will partner; ‘‘(E) align other Federal, State, and local re-
sources to carry out the activities supported with funds received under subsection (b)(1); and 
‘‘(F) as appropriate, modify practices and 
policies to provide operational flexibility that enables full and effective implementation of the plans described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of sec-tion 1111(d); and 
‘‘(2) an assurance that each school the local 
educational agency proposes to serve will re-ceive all of the State and local funds it would have received in the absence of funds received under this section. 
‘‘(f) P
RIORITY .—The State educational agen-
cy, in allocating funds to local educational agencies under this section, shall give priority to local educational agencies that— 
‘‘(1) serve high numbers, or a high percentage 
of, elementary schools and secondary schools implementing plans under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(d); 
‘‘(2) demonstrate the greatest need for such 
funds, as determined by the State; and 
‘‘(3) demonstrate the strongest commitment to 
using funds under this section to enable the lowest-performing schools to improve student achievement and student outcomes. 
‘‘(g) U
NUSED FUNDS.—If, after consultation 
with local educational agencies in the State, the State educational agency determines that the amount of funds reserved to carry out sub-section (b) is greater than the amount needed to provide the assistance described in that sub-section, the State educational agency shall allo-cate the excess amount to local educational agencies in accordance with— 
‘‘(1) the relative allocations the State edu-
cational agency made to those agencies for that fiscal year under subpart 2 of part A; or 
‘‘(2) section 1126(c). ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULE.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, the amount of funds reserved by the State educational agency under subsection (a) for fiscal year 2018 and each subsequent fiscal year shall not decrease the amount of funds each local educational agency receives under subpart 2 of part A below the amount received by such local educational agency under such subpart for the preceding fis-cal year. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTING .—The State shall include in 
the report described in section 1111(h)(1) a list of all the local educational agencies and schools that received funds under this section, including the amount of funds each school received and the types of strategies implemented in each school with such funds.’’. 
SEC. 1004. DIRECT STUDENT SERVICES. 
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act 
of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 1003 (20 U.S.C. 6303) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1003A. DIRECT STUDENT SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) S TATE RESERVATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) S TATES .—Each State educational agency, 
after meaningful consultation with geographi-cally diverse local educational agencies de-scribed in subparagraph (B), may reserve not more than 3 percent of the amount the State educational agency receives under subpart 2 of part A for each fiscal year to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—A State educational 
agency shall consult under subparagraph (A) with local educational agencies that include— 
‘‘(i) suburban, rural, and urban local edu-
cational agencies; 
‘‘(ii) local educational agencies serving a high 
percentage of schools identified by the State for comprehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i); and 
‘‘(iii) local educational agencies serving a 
high percentage of schools implementing tar-geted support and improvement plans under sec-tion 1111(d)(2). 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—Of the funds 
reserved under paragraph (1)(A), the State edu-cational agency may use not more than 1 per-
cent to administer the program described in this section. 
‘‘(b) A
WARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
under subsection (a) by a State educational agency, the State educational agency shall award grants to geographically diverse local educational agencies described in subsection (a)(1)(B)(i). 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In making such awards, the 
State educational agency shall prioritize awards to local educational agencies serving the highest percentage of schools, as compared to other local educational agencies in the State— 
‘‘(A) identified by the State for comprehensive 
support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i); or 
‘‘(B) implementing targeted support and im-
provement plans under section 1111(d)(2). 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL USE OF FUNDS.—A local edu-
cational agency receiving an award under this section— 
‘‘(1) may use not more than 1 percent of its 
award for outreach and communication to par-ents about available direct student services de-scribed in paragraph (3) in the local educational agency and State; 
‘‘(2) may use not more than 2 percent of its 
award for administrative costs related to such direct student services; 
‘‘(3) shall use the remainder of the award to 
pay the costs associated with one or more of the following direct student services— 
‘‘(A) enrollment and participation in academic 
courses not otherwise available at a student’s school, including— 
‘‘(i) advanced courses; and ‘‘(ii) career and technical education 
coursework that— 
‘‘(I) is aligned with the challenging State aca-
demic standards; and 
‘‘(II) leads to industry-recognized credentials 
that meet the quality criteria established by the State under section 123(a) of the Workforce In-novation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); 
‘‘(B) credit recovery and academic accelera-
tion courses that lead to a regular high school diploma; 
‘‘(C) activities that assist students in success-
fully completing postsecondary level instruction and examinations that are accepted for credit at institutions of higher education (including Ad-vanced Placement and International Bacca-laureate courses), which may include reimburs-ing low-income students to cover part or all of the costs of fees for such examinations; 
‘‘(D) components of a personalized learning 
approach, which may include high-quality aca-demic tutoring; and 
‘‘(E) in the case of a local educational agency 
that does not reserve funds under section 1111(d)(1)(D)(v), transportation to allow a stu-dent enrolled in a school identified for com-prehensive support and improvement under sec-tion 1111(c)(4)(D)(i) to transfer to another public school (which may include a charter school) that has not been identified by the State under such section; and 
‘‘(4) in paying the costs associated with the 
direct student services described in paragraph (3), shall— 
‘‘(A) first, pay such costs for students who are 
enrolled in schools identified by the State for comprehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i); 
‘‘(B) second, pay such costs for low-achieving 
students who are enrolled in schools imple-menting targeted support and improvement plans under section 1111(d)(2); and 
‘‘(C) with any remaining funds, pay such 
costs for other low-achieving students served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—A local educational agen-
cy desiring to receive an award under sub-section (b) shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time and in such manner as the State educational agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8450 November 30, 2015 
shall require. At a minimum, each application 
shall describe how the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(1) provide adequate outreach to ensure par-
ents can exercise a meaningful choice of direct student services for their child’s education; 
‘‘(2) ensure parents have adequate time and 
information to make a meaningful choice prior to enrolling their child in a direct student serv-ice; 
‘‘(3) in the case of a local educational agency 
offering public school choice under this section, ensure sufficient availability of seats in the pub-lic schools the local educational agency will make available for public school choice options; 
‘‘(4) prioritize services to students who are 
lowest-achieving; 
‘‘(5) select providers of direct student services, 
which may include one or more of— 
‘‘(A) the local educational agency or other 
local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) community colleges or other institutions 
of higher education; 
‘‘(C) non-public entities; ‘‘(D) community-based organizations; or ‘‘(E) in the case of high-quality academic tu-
toring, a variety of providers of such tutoring that are selected and approved by the State and appear on the State’s list of such providers re-quired under subsection (e)(2); 
‘‘(6) monitor the provision of direct student 
services; and 
‘‘(7) publicly report the results of direct stu-
dent service providers in improving relevant stu-dent outcomes in a manner that is accessible to parents. 
‘‘(e) P
ROVIDERS AND SCHOOLS .—A State edu-
cational agency that reserves an amount under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that each local educational agen-
cy that receives an award under this section and intends to provide public school choice under subsection (c)(3)(E) can provide a suffi-cient number of options to provide a meaningful choice for parents; 
‘‘(2) compile and maintain an updated list of 
State-approved high-quality academic tutoring providers that— 
‘‘(A) is developed using a fair negotiation and 
rigorous selection and approval process; 
‘‘(B) provides parents with meaningful 
choices; 
‘‘(C) offers a range of tutoring models, includ-
ing online and on campus; and 
‘‘(D) includes only providers that— ‘‘(i) have a demonstrated record of success in 
increasing students’ academic achievement; 
‘‘(ii) comply with all applicable Federal, 
State, and local health, safety, and civil rights laws; and 
‘‘(iii) provide instruction and content that is 
secular, neutral, and non-ideological; 
‘‘(3) ensure that each local educational agen-
cy receiving an award is able to provide an ade-quate number of high-quality academic tutoring options to ensure parents have a meaningful choice of services; 
‘‘(4) develop and implement procedures for 
monitoring the quality of services provided by direct student service providers; and 
‘‘(5) establish and implement clear criteria de-
scribing the course of action for direct student service providers that are not successful in im-proving student academic outcomes, which, for a high-quality academic tutoring provider, may include a process to remove State approval under paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 1005. STATE PLANS. 
Section 1111 (20 U.S.C. 6311) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1111. STATE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FOR GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any State desiring to 
receive a grant under this part, the State edu-cational agency shall file with the Secretary a plan that is— 
‘‘(A) developed by the State educational agen-
cy with timely and meaningful consultation with the Governor, members of the State legisla-
ture and State board of education (if the State has a State board of education), local edu-cational agencies (including those located in rural areas), representatives of Indian tribes lo-cated in the State, teachers, principals, other school leaders, charter school leaders (if the State has charter schools), specialized instruc-tional support personnel, paraprofessionals, ad-ministrators, other staff, and parents; and 
‘‘(B) is coordinated with other programs 
under this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Reha-bilitation Act of 1973 (20 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.), the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Develop-ment Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9501 et seq.), the Education Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9601 et. seq.), the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act (20 U.S.C. 9621 et seq.), the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.), and the Adult Edu-cation and Family Literacy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Consultation required 
under paragraph (1)(A) shall not interfere with the timely submission of the plan required under this section. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSOLIDATED PLAN .—A State plan sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) may be submitted as part of a consolidated plan under section 8302. 
‘‘(4) P
EER REVIEW AND SECRETARIAL AP -
PROVAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) establish a peer-review process to assist in 
the review of State plans; 
‘‘(ii) establish multidisciplinary peer-review 
teams and appoint members of such teams— 
‘‘(I) who are representative of— ‘‘(aa) parents, teachers, principals, other 
school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and the community (in-cluding the business community); and 
‘‘(bb) researchers who are familiar with— ‘‘(AA) the implementation of academic stand-
ards, assessments, or accountability systems; and 
‘‘(BB) how to meet the needs of disadvantaged 
students, children with disabilities, and English learners, the needs of low-performing schools, and other educational needs of students; 
‘‘(II) that include, to the extent practicable, 
majority representation of individuals who, in the most recent 2 years, have had practical ex-perience in the classroom, school administra-tion, or State or local government (such as di-rect employees of a school, local educational agency, or State educational agency); and 
‘‘(III) who represent a regionally diverse 
cross-section of States; 
‘‘(iii) make available to the public, including 
by such means as posting to the Department’s website, the list of peer reviewers who have re-viewed State plans under this section; 
‘‘(iv) ensure that the peer-review teams consist 
of varied individuals so that the same peer re-viewers are not reviewing all of the State plans; 
‘‘(v) approve a State plan not later than 120 
days after its submission, unless the Secretary meets the requirements of clause (vi); 
‘‘(vi) have the authority to disapprove a State 
plan only if— 
‘‘(I) the Secretary— ‘‘(aa) determines how the State plan fails to 
meet the requirements of this section; 
‘‘(bb) immediately provides to the State, in 
writing, notice of such determination, and the supporting information and rationale to sub-stantiate such determination; 
‘‘(cc) offers the State an opportunity to revise 
and resubmit its State plan, and provides the State— ‘‘(AA) technical assistance to assist the State 
in meeting the requirements of this section; 
‘‘(BB) in writing, all peer-review comments, 
suggestions, recommendations, or concerns re-lating to its State plan; and 
‘‘(CC) a hearing, unless the State declines the 
opportunity for such hearing; and 
‘‘(II) the State— ‘‘(aa) does not revise and resubmit its State 
plan; or 
‘‘(bb) in a case in which a State revises and 
resubmits its State plan after a hearing is con-ducted under subclause (I)(cc)(CC), or after the State has declined the opportunity for such a hearing, the Secretary determines that such re-vised State plan does not meet the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSE OF PEER REVIEW .—The peer-re-
view process shall be designed to— 
‘‘(i) maximize collaboration with each State; ‘‘(ii) promote effective implementation of the 
challenging State academic standards through State and local innovation; and 
‘‘(iii) provide transparent, timely, and objec-
tive feedback to States designed to strengthen the technical and overall quality of the State plans. 
‘‘(C) S
TANDARD AND NATURE OF REVIEW .—Peer 
reviewers shall conduct an objective review of State plans in their totality and out of respect for State and local judgments, with the goal of supporting State- and local-led innovation and providing objective feedback on the technical and overall quality of a State plan. 
‘‘(D) P
ROHIBITION .—Neither the Secretary nor 
the political appointees of the Department, may attempt to participate in, or influence, the peer- review process. 
‘‘(5) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—All written communica-
tions, feedback, and notifications under this subsection shall be conducted in a manner that is transparent and immediately made available to the public on the Department’s website, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) plans submitted or resubmitted by a 
State; 
‘‘(B) peer-review guidance, notes, and com-
ments and the names of the peer reviewers (once the peer reviewers have completed their work); 
‘‘(C) State plan determinations by the Sec-
retary, including approvals or disapprovals; and 
‘‘(D) notices and transcripts of hearings under 
this section. 
‘‘(6) D
URATION OF THE PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall— 
‘‘(i) remain in effect for the duration of the 
State’s participation under this part; and 
‘‘(ii) be periodically reviewed and revised as 
necessary by the State educational agency to re-flect changes in the State’s strategies and pro-grams under this part. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If a State makes significant 
changes to its plan at any time, such as the adoption of new challenging State academic standards or new academic assessments under subsection (b), or changes to its accountability system under subsection (c), such information shall be submitted to the Secretary in the form of revisions or amendments to the State plan. 
‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW OF REVISED PLANS .—The Sec-
retary shall review the information submitted under clause (i) and approve changes to the State plan, or disapprove such changes in ac-cordance with paragraph (4)(A)(vi), within 90 days, without undertaking the peer-review proc-ess under such paragraph. 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR STANDARDS .—If a 
State makes changes to its challenging State academic standards, the requirements of sub-section (b)(1), including the requirement that such standards need not be submitted to the Secretary pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A), shall still apply. 
‘‘(7) F
AILURE TO MEET REQUIREMENTS .—If a 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withhold funds for State administration under this part until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8451 November 30, 2015 
the Secretary determines that the State has ful-
filled those requirements. 
‘‘(8) P UBLIC COMMENT .—Each State shall 
make the State plan publicly available for pub-lic comment for a period of not less than 30 days, by electronic means and in an easily ac-cessible format, prior to submission to the Sec-retary for approval under this subsection. The State, in the plan it files under this subsection, shall provide an assurance that public com-ments were taken into account in the develop-ment of the State plan. 
‘‘(b) C
HALLENGING ACADEMIC STANDARDS AND  
ACADEMIC ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C HALLENGING STATE ACADEMIC STAND -
ARDS.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State, in the plan it 
files under subsection (a), shall provide an as-surance that the State has adopted challenging academic content standards and aligned aca-demic achievement standards (referred to in this Act as ‘challenging State academic standards’), which achievement standards shall include not less than 3 levels of achievement, that will be used by the State, its local educational agencies, and its schools to carry out this part. A State shall not be required to submit such challenging State academic standards to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) S
AME STANDARDS .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (E), the standards required by subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) apply to all public schools and public 
school students in the State; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to academic achievement 
standards, include the same knowledge, skills, and levels of achievement expected of all public school students in the State. 
‘‘(C) S
UBJECTS .—The State shall have such 
academic standards for mathematics, reading or language arts, and science, and may have such standards for any other subject determined by the State. 
‘‘(D) A
LIGNMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each State shall dem-
onstrate that the challenging State academic standards are aligned with entrance require-ments for credit-bearing coursework in the sys-tem of public higher education in the State and relevant State career and technical education standards. 
‘‘(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to authorize public insti-tutions of higher education to determine the specific challenging State academic standards required under this paragraph. 
‘‘(E) A
LTERNATE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT  
STANDARDS FOR STUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIG -
NIFICANT COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The State may, through a 
documented and validated standards-setting process, adopt alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, provided those stand-ards— 
‘‘(I) are aligned with the challenging State 
academic content standards under subpara-graph (A); 
‘‘(II) promote access to the general education 
curriculum, consistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); 
‘‘(III) reflect professional judgment as to the 
highest possible standards achievable by such students; 
‘‘(IV) are designated in the individualized 
education program developed under section 614(d)(3) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1414(d)(3)) for each such student as the academic achievement standards that will be used for the student; and 
‘‘(V) are aligned to ensure that a student who 
meets the alternate academic achievement standards is on track to pursue postsecondary education or employment, consistent with the purposes of Public Law 93–112, as in effect on July 22, 2014. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROHIBITION ON ANY OTHER ALTERNATE  
OR MODIFIED ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT STAND -ARDS.—A State shall not develop, or implement 
for use under this part, any alternate academic achievement standards for children with disabil-ities that are not alternate academic achieve-ment standards that meet the requirements of clause (i). 
‘‘(F) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY STAND -
ARDS.—Each State plan shall demonstrate that 
the State has adopted English language pro-ficiency standards that— 
‘‘(i) are derived from the 4 recognized domains 
of speaking, listening, reading, and writing; 
‘‘(ii) address the different proficiency levels of 
English learners; and 
‘‘(iii) are aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards. 
‘‘(G) P
ROHIBITIONS .— 
‘‘(i) S TANDARDS REVIEW OR APPROVAL .—A 
State shall not be required to submit any stand-ards developed under this subsection to the Sec-retary for review or approval. 
‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL CONTROL .—The Secretary shall 
not have the authority to mandate, direct, con-trol, coerce, or exercise any direction or super-vision over any of the challenging State aca-demic standards adopted or implemented by a State. 
‘‘(H) E
XISTING STANDARDS .—Nothing in this 
part shall prohibit a State from revising, con-sistent with this section, any standards adopted under this part before or after the date of enact-ment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
‘‘(2) A
CADEMIC ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that the State educational agency, in consultation with local educational agencies, has implemented a set of high-quality student academic assessments in mathematics, reading or language arts, and science. The State retains the right to implement such assessments in any other subject chosen by the State. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The assessments under 
subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph (D), 
be— 
‘‘(I) the same academic assessments used to 
measure the achievement of all public elemen-tary school and secondary school students in the State; and 
‘‘(II) administered to all public elementary 
school and secondary school students in the State; 
‘‘(ii) be aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards, and provide coherent and timely information about student attainment of such standards and whether the student is per-forming at the student’s grade level; 
‘‘(iii) be used for purposes for which such as-
sessments are valid and reliable, consistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical testing standards, objectively measure academic achievement, knowledge, and skills, and be tests that do not evaluate or assess per-sonal or family beliefs and attitudes, or publicly disclose personally identifiable information; 
‘‘(iv) be of adequate technical quality for each 
purpose required under this Act and consistent with the requirements of this section, the evi-dence of which shall be made public, including on the website of the State educational agency; 
‘‘(v)(I) in the case of mathematics and reading 
or language arts, be administered— 
‘‘(aa) in each of grades 3 through 8; and ‘‘(bb) at least once in grades 9 through 12; ‘‘(II) in the case of science, be administered 
not less than one time during— 
‘‘(aa) grades 3 through 5; ‘‘(bb) grades 6 through 9; and ‘‘(cc) grades 10 through 12; and ‘‘(III) in the case of any other subject chosen 
by the State, be administered at the discretion of the State; 
‘‘(vi) involve multiple up-to-date measures of 
student academic achievement, including meas-ures that assess higher-order thinking skills and understanding, which may include measures of student academic growth and may be partially delivered in the form of portfolios, projects, or extended performance tasks; ‘‘(vii) provide for— 
‘‘(I) the participation in such assessments of 
all students; 
‘‘(II) the appropriate accommodations, such 
as interoperability with, and ability to use, as-sistive technology, for children with disabilities (as defined in section 602(3) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401(3))), including students with the most sig-nificant cognitive disabilities, and students with a disability who are provided accommodations under an Act other than the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), necessary to measure the academic achievement of such children relative to the challenging State academic standards or alter-nate academic achievement standards described in paragraph (1)(E); and 
‘‘(III) the inclusion of English learners, who 
shall be assessed in a valid and reliable manner and provided appropriate accommodations on assessments administered to such students under this paragraph, including, to the extent prac-ticable, assessments in the language and form most likely to yield accurate data on what such students know and can do in academic content areas, until such students have achieved English language proficiency, as determined under subparagraph (G); 
‘‘(viii) at the State’s discretion— ‘‘(I) be administered through a single 
summative assessment; or 
‘‘(II) be administered through multiple state-
wide interim assessments during the course of the academic year that result in a single summative score that provides valid, reliable, and transparent information on student achievement or growth; 
‘‘(ix) notwithstanding clause (vii)(III), pro-
vide for assessments (using tests in English) of reading or language arts of any student who has attended school in the United States (not including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) for 3 or more consecutive school years, except that if the local educational agency determines, on a case-by-case individual basis, that academic as-sessments in another language or form would likely yield more accurate and reliable informa-tion on what such student knows and can do, the local educational agency may make a deter-mination to assess such student in the appro-priate language other than English for a period that does not exceed 2 additional consecutive years, provided that such student has not yet reached a level of English language proficiency sufficient to yield valid and reliable information on what such student knows and can do on tests (written in English) of reading or language arts; 
‘‘(x) produce individual student interpretive, 
descriptive, and diagnostic reports, consistent with clause (iii), regarding achievement on such assessments that allow parents, teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders to understand and address the specific academic needs of stu-dents, and that are provided to parents, teach-ers, and school leaders, as soon as is practicable after the assessment is given, in an understand-able and uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can un-derstand; 
‘‘(xi) enable results to be disaggregated within 
each State, local educational agency, and school by— 
‘‘(I) each major racial and ethnic group; ‘‘(II) economically disadvantaged students as 
compared to students who are not economically disadvantaged; 
‘‘(III) children with disabilities as compared 
to children without disabilities; 
‘‘(IV) English proficiency status; ‘‘(V) gender; and ‘‘(VI) migrant status, 
except that such disaggregation shall not be re-
quired in the case of a State, local educational agency, or a school in which the number of stu-dents in a subgroup is insufficient to yield sta-tistically reliable information or the results 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8452 November 30, 2015 
would reveal personally identifiable information 
about an individual student; 
‘‘(xii) enable itemized score analyses to be pro-
duced and reported, consistent with clause (iii), to local educational agencies and schools, so that parents, teachers, principals, other school leaders, and administrators can interpret and address the specific academic needs of students as indicated by the students’ achievement on as-sessment items; and 
‘‘(xiii) be developed, to the extent practicable, 
using the principles of universal design for learning. 
‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR ADVANCED MATHEMATICS  
IN MIDDLE SCHOOL .—A State may exempt any 
8th grade student from the assessment in mathe-matics described in subparagraph (B)(v)(I)(aa) if— 
‘‘(i) such student takes the end-of-course as-
sessment the State typically administers to meet the requirements of subparagraph (B)(v)(I)(bb) in mathematics; 
‘‘(ii) such student’s achievement on such end- 
of-course assessment is used for purposes of sub-section (c)(4)(B)(i), in lieu of such student’s achievement on the mathematics assessment re-quired under subparagraph (B)(v)(I)(aa), and such student is counted as participating in the assessment for purposes of subsection (c)(4)(B)(vi); and 
‘‘(iii) in high school, such student takes a 
mathematics assessment pursuant to subpara-graph (B)(v)(I)(bb) that— 
‘‘(I) is any end-of-course assessment or other 
assessment that is more advanced than the as-sessment taken by such student under clause (i) of this subparagraph; and 
‘‘(II) shall be used to measure such student’s 
academic achievement for purposes of subsection (c)(4)(B)(i). 
‘‘(D) A
LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS FOR STUDENTS  
WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT COGNITIVE DISABIL -
ITIES.— 
‘‘(i) A LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS ALIGNED WITH  
ALTERNATE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT STAND -
ARDS.—A State may provide for alternate assess-
ments aligned with the challenging State aca-demic standards and alternate academic achievement standards described in paragraph (1)(E) for students with the most significant cog-nitive disabilities, if the State— 
‘‘(I) consistent with clause (ii), ensures that, 
for each subject, the total number of students assessed in such subject using the alternate as-sessments does not exceed 1 percent of the total number of all students in the State who are as-sessed in such subject; 
‘‘(II) ensures that the parents of such stu-
dents are clearly informed, as part of the proc-ess for developing the individualized education program (as defined in section 614(d)(1)(A) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1414(d)(1)(A)))— 
‘‘(aa) that their child’s academic achievement 
will be measured based on such alternate stand-ards; and 
‘‘(bb) how participation in such assessments 
may delay or otherwise affect the student from completing the requirements for a regular high school diploma; 
‘‘(III) promotes, consistent with the Individ-
uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the involvement and progress of students with the most significant cognitive dis-abilities in the general education curriculum; 
‘‘(IV) describes in the State plan the steps the 
State has taken to incorporate universal design for learning, to the extent feasible, in alternate assessments; 
‘‘(V) describes in the State plan that general 
and special education teachers, and other ap-propriate staff— 
‘‘(aa) know how to administer the alternate 
assessments; and 
‘‘(bb) make appropriate use of accommoda-
tions for students with disabilities on all assess-ments required under this paragraph; 
‘‘(VI) develops, disseminates information on, 
and promotes the use of appropriate accom-modations to increase the number of students 
with significant cognitive disabilities— 
‘‘(aa) participating in academic instruction 
and assessments for the grade level in which the student is enrolled; and 
‘‘(bb) who are tested based on challenging 
State academic standards for the grade level in which the student is enrolled; and 
‘‘(VII) does not preclude a student with the 
most significant cognitive disabilities who takes an alternate assessment based on alternate aca-demic achievement standards from attempting to complete the requirements for a regular high school diploma. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(I) R ESPONSIBILITY UNDER IDEA .—Subject to 
the authority and requirements for the individ-ualized education program team for a child with a disability under section 614(d)(1)(A)(i)(VI)(bb) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1414(d)(1)(A)(i)(VI)(bb)), such team, consistent with the guidelines established by the State and required under section 612(a)(16)(C) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1412(c)(16)(C)) and clause (i)(II) of this subpara-graph, shall determine when a child with a sig-nificant cognitive disability shall participate in an alternate assessment aligned with the alter-nate academic achievement standards. 
‘‘(II) P
ROHIBITION ON LOCAL CAP .—Nothing in 
this subparagraph shall be construed to permit the Secretary or a State educational agency to impose on any local educational agency a cap on the percentage of students administered an alternate assessment under this subparagraph, except that a local educational agency exceed-ing the cap applied to the State under clause (i)(I) shall submit information to the State edu-cational agency justifying the need to exceed such cap. 
‘‘(III) S
TATE SUPPORT .—A State shall provide 
appropriate oversight, as determined by the State, of any local educational agency that is required to submit information to the State under subclause (II). 
‘‘(IV) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—This subpara-
graph shall be subject to the waiver authority under section 8401. 
‘‘(E) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—If a State edu-
cational agency provides evidence, which is sat-isfactory to the Secretary, that neither the State educational agency nor any other State govern-ment official, agency, or entity has sufficient authority, under State law, to adopt chal-lenging State academic standards, and academic assessments aligned with such standards, which will be applicable to all students enrolled in the State’s public elementary schools and secondary schools, then the State educational agency may meet the requirements of this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) adopting academic standards and aca-
demic assessments that meet the requirements of this subsection, on a statewide basis, and lim-iting their applicability to students served under this part; or 
‘‘(ii) adopting and implementing policies that 
ensure that each local educational agency in the State that receives grants under this part will adopt academic content and student aca-demic achievement standards, and academic as-sessments aligned with such standards, which— 
‘‘(I) meet all of the criteria in this subsection 
and any regulations regarding such standards and assessments that the Secretary may publish; and 
‘‘(II) are applicable to all students served by 
each such local educational agency. 
‘‘(F) L
ANGUAGE ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall iden-
tify the languages other than English that are present to a significant extent in the partici-pating student population of the State and indi-cate the languages for which annual student academic assessments are not available and are needed. 
‘‘(ii) S
ECRETARIAL ASSISTANCE .—The State 
shall make every effort to develop such assess-ments and may request assistance from the Sec-retary if linguistically accessible academic as-
sessment measures are needed. Upon request, the Secretary shall assist with the identification of appropriate academic assessment measures in the needed languages, but shall not mandate a specific academic assessment or mode of instruc-tion. 
‘‘(G) A
SSESSMENTS OF ENGLISH LANGUAGE PRO -
FICIENCY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that local educational agencies in the State will provide for an annual assessment of English proficiency of all English learners in the schools served by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(ii) A
LIGNMENT .—The assessments described 
in clause (i) shall be aligned with the State’s English language proficiency standards de-scribed in paragraph (1)(F). 
‘‘(H) L
OCALLY -SELECTED ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this paragraph 
shall be construed to prohibit a local edu-cational agency from administering a locally-se-lected assessment in lieu of the State-designed academic assessment under subclause (I)(bb) and subclause (II)(cc) of subparagraph (B)(v), if the local educational agency selects a nation-ally-recognized high school academic assessment that has been approved for use by the State as described in clause (iii) or (iv) of this subpara-graph. 
‘‘(ii) S
TATE TECHNICAL CRITERIA .—To allow for 
State approval of nationally-recognized high school academic assessments that are available for local selection under clause (i), a State edu-cational agency shall establish technical criteria to determine if any such assessment meets the requirements of clause (v). 
‘‘(iii) S
TATE APPROVAL .—If a State edu-
cational agency chooses to make a nationally- recognized high school assessment available for selection by a local educational agency under clause (i), which has not already been approved under this clause, such State educational agen-cy shall— 
‘‘(I) conduct a review of the assessment to de-
termine if such assessment meets or exceeds the technical criteria established by the State edu-cational agency under clause (ii); 
‘‘(II) submit evidence in accordance with sub-
section (a)(4) that demonstrates such assessment meets the requirements of clause (v); and 
‘‘(III) after fulfilling the requirements of sub-
clauses (I) and (II), approve such assessment for selection and use by any local educational agency that requests to use such assessment under clause (i). 
‘‘(iv) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY OPTION .— 
‘‘(I) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—If a local 
educational agency chooses to submit a nation-ally-recognized high school academic assessment to the State educational agency, subject to the approval process described in subclause (I) and subclause (II) of clause (iii) to determine if such assessment fulfills the requirements of clause (v), the State educational agency may approve the use of such assessment consistent with clause (i). 
‘‘(II) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—Upon 
such approval, the State educational agency shall approve the use of such assessment in any other local educational agency in the State that subsequently requests to use such assessment without repeating the process described in sub-clauses (I) and (II) of clause (iii). 
‘‘(v) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To receive approval 
from the State educational agency under clause (iii), a locally-selected assessment shall— 
‘‘(I) be aligned to the State’s academic content 
standards under paragraph (1), address the depth and breadth of such standards, and be equivalent in its content coverage, difficulty, and quality to the State-designed assessments under this paragraph (and may be more rig-orous in its content coverage and difficulty than such State-designed assessments); 
‘‘(II) provide comparable, valid, and reliable 
data on academic achievement, as compared to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8453 November 30, 2015 
the State-designed assessments, for all students 
and for each subgroup of students defined in subsection (c)(2), with results expressed in terms consistent with the State’s academic achieve-ment standards under paragraph (1), among all local educational agencies within the State; 
‘‘(III) meet the requirements for the assess-
ments under subparagraph (B) of this para-graph, including technical criteria, except the requirement under clause (i) of such subpara-graph; and 
‘‘(IV) provide unbiased, rational, and con-
sistent differentiation between schools within the State to meet the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(vi) P
ARENTAL NOTIFICATION .—A local edu-
cational agency shall notify the parents of high school students served by the local educational agency— 
‘‘(I) of its request to the State educational 
agency for approval to administer a locally-se-lected assessment; and 
‘‘(II) upon approval, and at the beginning of 
each subsequent school year during which the locally selected assessment will be administered, that the local educational agency will be admin-istering a different assessment than the State- designed assessments under subclause (I)(bb) and subclause (II)(cc) of subparagraph (B)(v). 
‘‘(I) D
EFERRAL .—A State may defer the com-
mencement, or suspend the administration, but not cease the development, of the assessments described in this paragraph, for 1 year for each year for which the amount appropriated for grants under part B is less than $369,100,000. 
‘‘(J) A
DAPTIVE ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), a 
State retains the right to develop and administer computer adaptive assessments as the assess-ments described in this paragraph, provided the computer adaptive assessments meet the require-ments of this paragraph, except that— 
‘‘(I) subparagraph (B)(i) shall not be inter-
preted to require that all students taking the computer adaptive assessment be administered the same assessment items; and 
‘‘(II) such assessment— ‘‘(aa) shall measure, at a minimum, each stu-
dent’s academic proficiency based on the chal-lenging State academic standards for the stu-dent’s grade level and growth toward such standards; and 
‘‘(bb) may measure the student’s level of aca-
demic proficiency and growth using items above or below the student’s grade level, including for use as part of a State’s accountability system under subsection (c). 
‘‘(ii) S
TUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT  
COGNITIVE DISABILITIES AND ENGLISH LEARN -
ERS.—In developing and administering computer 
adaptive assessments— 
‘‘(I) as the assessments allowed under sub-
paragraph (D), a State shall ensure that such computer adaptive assessments— 
‘‘(aa) meet the requirements of this para-
graph, including subparagraph (D), except such assessments shall not be required to meet the re-quirements of clause (i)(II); and 
‘‘(bb) assess the student’s academic achieve-
ment to measure, in the subject being assessed, whether the student is performing at the stu-dent’s grade level; and 
‘‘(II) as the assessments required under sub-
paragraph (G), a State shall ensure that such computer adaptive assessments— 
‘‘(aa) meet the requirements of this para-
graph, including subparagraph (G), except such assessment shall not be required to meet the re-quirements of clause (i)(II); and 
‘‘(bb) assess the student’s language pro-
ficiency, which may include growth towards such proficiency, in order to measure the stu-dent’s acquisition of English. 
‘‘(K) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON PARENT  
RIGHTS .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be 
construed as preempting a State or local law re-garding the decision of a parent to not have the parent’s child participate in the academic as-sessments under this paragraph. ‘‘(L) L
IMITATION ON ASSESSMENT TIME .—Sub-
ject to Federal or State requirements related to assessments, evaluations, and accommodations, each State may, at the sole discretion of such State, set a target limit on the aggregate amount of time devoted to the administration of assess-ments for each grade, expressed as a percentage of annual instructional hours. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR RECENTLY ARRIVED  
ENGLISH LEARNERS .— 
‘‘(A) A SSESSMENTS .—With respect to recently 
arrived English learners who have been enrolled in a school in one of the 50 States in the United States or the District of Columbia for less than 12 months, a State may choose to— 
‘‘(i) exclude— ‘‘(I) such an English learner from one admin-
istration of the reading or language arts assess-ment required under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(II) such an English learner’s results on any 
of the assessments required under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I) or (2)(G) for the first year of the English learner’s enrollment in such a school for the purposes of the State-determined account-ability system under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii)(I) assess, and report the performance of, 
such an English learner on the reading or lan-guage arts and mathematics assessments re-quired under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I) in each year of the student’s enrollment in such a school; and 
‘‘(II) for the purposes of the State-determined 
accountability system— 
‘‘(aa) for the first year of the student’s enroll-
ment in such a school, exclude the results on the assessments described in subclause (I); 
‘‘(bb) include a measure of student growth on 
the assessments described in subclause (I) in the second year of the student’s enrollment in such a school; and 
‘‘(cc) include proficiency on the assessments 
described in subclause (I) in the third year of the student’s enrollment in such a school, and each succeeding year of such enrollment. 
‘‘(B) E
NGLISH LEARNER SUBGROUP .—With re-
spect to a student previously identified as an English learner and for not more than 4 years after the student ceases to be identified as an English learner, a State may include the results of the student’s assessments under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I) within the English learner subgroup of the subgroups of students (as defined in sub-section (c)(2)(D)) for the purposes of the State- determined accountability system. 
‘‘(c) S
TATEWIDE ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall de-
scribe a statewide accountability system that complies with the requirements of this sub-section and subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) S
UBGROUP OF STUDENTS .—In this sub-
section and subsection (d), the term ‘subgroup of students’ means— 
‘‘(A) economically disadvantaged students; ‘‘(B) students from major racial and ethnic 
groups; 
‘‘(C) children with disabilities; and ‘‘(D) English learners. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF STUDENTS .—Each 
State shall describe— 
‘‘(A) with respect to any provisions under this 
part that require disaggregation of information by each subgroup of students— 
‘‘(i) the minimum number of students that the 
State determines are necessary to be included to carry out such requirements and how that num-ber is statistically sound, which shall be the same State-determined number for all students and for each subgroup of students in the State; 
‘‘(ii) how such minimum number of students 
was determined by the State, including how the State collaborated with teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, and other stake-holders when determining such minimum num-ber; and 
‘‘(iii) how the State ensures that such min-
imum number is sufficient to not reveal any per-sonally identifiable information. 
‘‘(4) D
ESCRIPTION OF SYSTEM .—The statewide 
accountability system described in paragraph (1) shall be based on the challenging State aca-
demic standards for reading or language arts and mathematics described in subsection (b)(1) to improve student academic achievement and school success. In designing such system to meet the requirements of this part, the State shall carry out the following: 
‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF LONG -TERM GOALS .— 
Establish ambitious State-designed long-term goals, which shall include measurements of in-terim progress toward meeting such goals— 
‘‘(i) for all students and separately for each 
subgroup of students in the State— 
‘‘(I) for, at a minimum, improved— ‘‘(aa) academic achievement, as measured by 
proficiency on the annual assessments required under subsection (b)(2)(B)(v)(I); and 
‘‘(bb) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(AA) the four-year adjusted cohort gradua-
tion rate; and 
‘‘(BB) at the State’s discretion, the extended- 
year adjusted cohort graduation rate, except that the State shall set a more rigorous long- term goal for such graduation rate, as compared to the long-term goal set for the four-year ad-justed cohort graduation rate; 
‘‘(II) for which the term set by the State for 
such goals is the same multi-year length of time for all students and for each subgroup of stu-dents in the State; and 
‘‘(III) that, for subgroups of students who are 
behind on the measures described in items (aa) and (bb) of subclause (I), take into account the improvement necessary on such measures to make significant progress in closing statewide proficiency and graduation rate gaps; and 
‘‘(ii) for English learners, for increases in the 
percentage of such students making progress in achieving English language proficiency, as de-fined by the State and measured by the assess-ments described in subsection (b)(2)(G), within a State-determined timeline. 
‘‘(B) I
NDICATORS .—Except for the indicator 
described in clause (iv), annually measure, for all students and separately for each subgroup of students, the following indicators: 
‘‘(i) For all public schools in the State, based 
on the long-term goals established under sub-paragraph (A), academic achievement— 
‘‘(I) as measured by proficiency on the annual 
assessments required under subsection (b)(2)(B)(v)(I); and 
‘‘(II) at the State’s discretion, for each public 
high school in the State, student growth, as measured by such annual assessments. 
‘‘(ii) For public elementary schools and sec-
ondary schools that are not high schools in the State— 
‘‘(I) a measure of student growth, if deter-
mined appropriate by the State; or 
‘‘(II) another valid and reliable statewide aca-
demic indicator that allows for meaningful dif-ferentiation in school performance. 
‘‘(iii) For public high schools in the State, and 
based on State-designed long term goals estab-lished under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(I) the four-year adjusted cohort graduation 
rate; and 
‘‘(II) at the State’s discretion, the extended- 
year adjusted cohort graduation rate. 
‘‘(iv) For public schools in the State, progress 
in achieving English language proficiency, as defined by the State and measured by the as-sessments described in subsection (b)(2)(G), within a State-determined timeline for all English learners— 
‘‘(I) in each of the grades 3 through 8; and ‘‘(II) in the grade for which such English 
learners are otherwise assessed under subsection (b)(2)(B)(v)(I) during the grade 9 through grade 12 period, with such progress being measured against the results of the assessments described in subsection (b)(2)(G) taken in the previous grade. 
‘‘(v)(I) For all public schools in the State, not 
less than one indicator of school quality or stu-dent success that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8454 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(aa) allows for meaningful differentiation in 
school performance; 
‘‘(bb) is valid, reliable, comparable, and state-
wide (with the same indicator or indicators used for each grade span, as such term is determined by the State); and 
‘‘(cc) may include one or more of the measures 
described in subclause (II). 
‘‘(II) For purposes of subclause (I), the State 
may include measures of— 
‘‘(III) student engagement; ‘‘(IV) educator engagement; ‘‘(V) student access to and completion of ad-
vanced coursework; 
‘‘(VI) postsecondary readiness; ‘‘(VII) school climate and safety; and ‘‘(VIII) any other indicator the State chooses 
that meets the requirements of this clause. 
‘‘(C) A
NNUAL MEANINGFUL DIFFERENTIATION .— 
Establish a system of meaningfully differen-tiating, on an annual basis, all public schools in the State, which shall— 
‘‘(i) be based on all indicators in the State’s 
accountability system under subparagraph (B), for all students and for each of subgroup of stu-dents, consistent with the requirements of such subparagraph; 
‘‘(ii) with respect to the indicators described 
in clauses (i) through (iv) of subparagraph (B) afford— 
‘‘(I) substantial weight to each such indicator; 
and 
‘‘(II) in the aggregate, much greater weight 
than is afforded to the indicator or indicators utilized by the State and described in subpara-graph (B)(v), in the aggregate; and 
‘‘(iii) include differentiation of any such 
school in which any subgroup of students is consistently underperforming, as determined by the State, based on all indicators under sub-paragraph (B) and the system established under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF SCHOOLS .—Based on 
the system of meaningful differentiation de-scribed in subparagraph (C), establish a State- determined methodology to identify— 
‘‘(i) beginning with school year 2017–2018, and 
at least once every three school years thereafter, one statewide category of schools for com-prehensive support and improvement, as de-scribed in subsection (d)(1), which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(I) not less than the lowest-performing 5 per-
cent of all schools receiving funds under this part in the State; 
‘‘(II) all public high schools in the State fail-
ing to graduate one third or more of their stu-dents; and 
‘‘(III) public schools in the State described 
under subsection (d)(3)(A)(i)(II); and 
‘‘(ii) at the discretion of the State, additional 
statewide categories of schools. 
‘‘(E) A
NNUAL MEASUREMENT OF ACHIEVE -
MENT .—(i) Annually measure the achievement of 
not less than 95 percent of all students, and 95 percent of all students in each subgroup of stu-dents, who are enrolled in public schools on the assessments described under subsection (b)(2)(v)(I). 
‘‘(ii) For the purpose of measuring, calcu-
lating, and reporting on the indicator described in subparagraph (B)(i), include in the denomi-nator the greater of— 
‘‘(I) 95 percent of all such students, or 95 per-
cent of all such students in the subgroup, as the case may be; or 
‘‘(II) the number of students participating in 
the assessments. 
‘‘(iii) Provide a clear and understandable ex-
planation of how the State will factor the re-quirement of clause (i) of this subparagraph into the statewide accountability system. 
‘‘(F) P
ARTIAL ATTENDANCE .—(i) In the case of 
a student who has not attended the same school within a local educational agency for at least half of a school year, the performance of such student on the indicators described in clauses (i), (ii), (iv), and (v) of subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(I) may not be used in the system of mean-
ingful differentiation of all public schools as de-scribed in subparagraph (C) for such school year; and 
‘‘(II) shall be used for the purpose of reporting 
on the State and local educational agency re-port cards under subsection (h) for such school year. 
‘‘(ii) In the case of a high school student who 
has not attended the same school within a local educational agency for at least half of a school year and has exited high school without a reg-ular high school diploma and without transfer-ring to another high school that grants a reg-ular high school diploma during such school year, the local educational agency shall, in order to calculate the graduation rate pursuant to subparagraph (B)(iii), assign such student to the high school— 
‘‘(I) at which such student was enrolled for 
the greatest proportion of school days while en-rolled in grades 9 through 12; or 
‘‘(II) in which the student was most recently 
enrolled. 
‘‘(5) A
CCOUNTABILITY FOR CHARTER  
SCHOOLS .—The accountability provisions under 
this Act shall be overseen for charter schools in accordance with State charter school law. 
‘‘(d) S
CHOOL SUPPORT AND IMPROVEMENT AC-
TIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPREHENSIVE SUPPORT AND IMPROVE -
MENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall no-tify each local educational agency in the State of any school served by the local educational agency that is identified for comprehensive sup-port and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i). 
‘‘(B) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ACTION .— 
Upon receiving such information from the State, the local educational agency shall, for each school identified by the State and in partnership with stakeholders (including principals and other school leaders, teachers, and parents), lo-cally develop and implement a comprehensive support and improvement plan for the school to improve student outcomes, that— 
‘‘(i) is informed by all indicators described in 
subsection (c)(4)(B), including student perform-ance against State-determined long-term goals; 
‘‘(ii) includes evidence-based interventions; ‘‘(iii) is based on a school-level needs assess-
ment; 
‘‘(iv) identifies resource inequities, which may 
include a review of local educational agency and school-level budgeting, to be addressed through implementation of such comprehensive support and improvement plan; 
‘‘(v) is approved by the school, local edu-
cational agency, and State educational agency; and 
‘‘(vi) upon approval and implementation, is 
monitored and periodically reviewed by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DISCRE -
TION.—With respect to any high school in the 
State identified under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i)(II), the State educational agency may— 
‘‘(i) permit differentiated improvement activi-
ties that utilize evidence-based interventions in the case of such a school that predominantly serves students— 
‘‘(I) returning to education after having 
exited secondary school without a regular high school diploma; or 
‘‘(II) who, based on their grade or age, are 
significantly off track to accumulate sufficient academic credits to meet high school graduation requirements, as established by the State; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of such a school that has a 
total enrollment of less than 100 students, permit the local educational agency to forego imple-mentation of improvement activities required under this paragraph. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC SCHOOL CHOICE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agency 
may provide all students enrolled in a school identified by the State for comprehensive sup-
port and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i) with the option to transfer to an-other public school served by the local edu-cational agency, unless such an option is pro-hibited by State law. 
‘‘(ii) P
RIORITY .—In providing students the op-
tion to transfer to another public school, the local educational agency shall give priority to the lowest-achieving children from low-income families, as determined by the local educational agency for the purposes of allocating funds to schools under section 1113(a)(3). 
‘‘(iii) T
REATMENT .—A student who uses the 
option to transfer to another public school shall 
be enrolled in classes and other activities in the public school to which the student transfers in the same manner as all other students at the public school. 
‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE .—A local educational 
agency shall permit a student who transfers to another public school under this paragraph to remain in that school until the student has com-pleted the highest grade in that school. 
‘‘(v) F
UNDING FOR TRANSPORTATION .—A local 
educational agency may spend an amount equal to not more than 5 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 of this part to pay for the provi-sion of transportation for students who transfer under this paragraph to the public schools to which the students transfer. 
‘‘(2) T
ARGETED SUPPORT AND IMPROVEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall, using the meaningful differentiation of schools described in subsection (c)(4)(C)— 
‘‘(i) notify each local educational agency in 
the State of any school served by the local edu-cational agency in which any subgroup of stu-dents is consistently underperforming, as de-scribed in subsection (c)(4)(C)(iii); and 
‘‘(ii) ensure such local educational agency 
provides notification to such school with respect to which subgroup or subgroups of students in such school are consistently underperforming as described in subsection (c)(4)(C)(iii). 
‘‘(B) T
ARGETED SUPPORT AND IMPROVEMENT  
PLAN.—Each school receiving a notification de-
scribed in this paragraph, in partnership with stakeholders (including principals and other school leaders, teachers and parents), shall de-velop and implement a school-level targeted sup-port and improvement plan to improve student outcomes based on the indicators in the state-wide accountability system established under subsection (c)(4), for each subgroup of students that was the subject of notification that— 
‘‘(i) is informed by all indicators described in 
subsection (c)(4)(B), including student perform-ance against long-term goals; 
‘‘(ii) includes evidence-based interventions; ‘‘(iii) is approved by the local educational 
agency prior to implementation of such plan; 
‘‘(iv) is monitored, upon submission and im-
plementation, by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(v) results in additional action following un-
successful implementation of such plan after a number of years determined by the local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL TARGETED SUPPORT .—A plan 
described in subparagraph (B) that is developed and implemented in any school receiving a noti-fication under this paragraph from the local educational agency in which any subgroup of students, on its own, would lead to identifica-tion under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i)(I) using the State’s methodology under subsection (c)(4)(D) shall also identify resource inequities (which may include a review of local educational agen-cy and school level budgeting), to be addressed through implementation of such plan. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE .—The State educational 
agency, based on the State’s differentiation of schools under subsection (c)(4)(C) for school year 2017–2018, shall notify local educational agencies of any schools served by the local edu-cational agency in which any subgroup of stu-dents, on its own, would lead to identification 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8455 November 30, 2015 
under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i)(I) using the State’s 
methodology under subsection (c)(4)(D), after which notification of such schools under this paragraph shall result from differentiation of schools pursuant to subsection (c)(4)(C)(iii). 
‘‘(3) C
ONTINUED SUPPORT FOR SCHOOL AND  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY IMPROVEMENT .—To 
ensure continued progress to improve student academic achievement and school success in the State, the State educational agency— 
‘‘(A) shall— ‘‘(i) establish statewide exit criteria for— ‘‘(I) schools identified by the State for com-
prehensive support and improvement under sub-section (c)(4)(D)(i), which, if not satisfied with-in a State-determined number of years (not to exceed four years), shall result in more rigorous State-determined action, such as the implemen-tation of interventions (which may include ad-dressing school-level operations); and 
‘‘(II) schools described in paragraph (2)(C), 
which, if not satisfied within a State-determined number of years, shall, in the case of such schools receiving assistance under this part, re-sult in identification of the school by the State for comprehensive support and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i)(III); 
‘‘(ii) periodically review resource allocation to 
support school improvement in each local edu-cational agency in the State serving— 
‘‘(I) a significant number of schools identified 
for comprehensive support and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i); and 
‘‘(II) a significant number of schools imple-
menting targeted support and improvement plans under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(iii) provide technical assistance to each 
local educational agency in the State serving a significant number of— 
‘‘(I) schools implementing comprehensive sup-
port and improvement plans under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(II) schools implementing targeted support 
and improvement plans under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(B) may— ‘‘(i) take action to initiate additional improve-
ment in any local educational agency with— 
‘‘(I) a significant number of schools that are 
consistently identified by the State for com-prehensive support and improvement under sub-section (c)(4)(D)(i) and not meeting exit criteria established by the State under subparagraph (A)(i)(I); or 
‘‘(II) a significant number of schools imple-
menting targeted support and improvement plans under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(ii) consistent with State law, establish alter-
native evidence-based State determined strate-gies that can be used by local educational agen-cies to assist a school identified for comprehen-sive support and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i). 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR COLLECTIVE  
BARGAINING .—Nothing in this subsection shall 
be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agree-ments between such employers and their employ-ees. 
‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act shall be 
construed to authorize or permit the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) when promulgating any rule or regula-
tion, to promulgate any rule or regulation on the development or implementation of the state-wide accountability system established under this section that would— 
‘‘(i) add new requirements that are incon-
sistent with or outside the scope of this part; 
‘‘(ii) add new criteria that are inconsistent 
with or outside the scope of this part; or 
‘‘(iii) be in excess of statutory authority 
granted to the Secretary; ‘‘(B) as a condition of approval of the State 
plan, or revisions or amendments to, the State plan, or approval of a waiver request submitted under section 8401, to— 
‘‘(i) require a State to add any requirements 
that are inconsistent with or outside the scope of this part; 
‘‘(ii) require a State to add or delete one or 
more specific elements of the challenging State academic standards; or 
‘‘(iii) prescribe— ‘‘(I) numeric long-term goals or measurements 
of interim progress that States establish for all students, for any subgroups of students, and for English learners with respect to English lan-guage proficiency, under this part, including— 
‘‘(aa) the length of terms set by States in de-
signing such goals; or 
‘‘(bb) the progress expected from any sub-
groups of students in meeting such goals; 
‘‘(II) specific academic assessments or assess-
ment items that States or local educational agencies use to meet the requirements of sub-section (b)(2) or otherwise use to measure stu-dent academic achievement or student growth under this part; 
‘‘(III) indicators that States use within the 
State accountability system under this section, including any requirement to measure student growth, or, if a State chooses to measure student growth, the specific metrics used to measure such growth under this part; 
‘‘(IV) the weight of any measure or indicator 
used to identify or meaningfully differentiate schools, under this part; 
‘‘(V) the specific methodology used by States 
to meaningfully differentiate or identify schools under this part; 
‘‘(VI) any specific school support and im-
provement strategies or activities that State or local educational agencies establish and imple-ment to intervene in, support, and improve schools and improve student outcomes under this part; 
‘‘(VII) exit criteria established by States under 
subsection (d)(3)(A)(i); 
‘‘(VIII) provided that the State meets the re-
quirements in subsection (c)(3), a minimum num-ber of students established by a State under such subsection; 
‘‘(IX) any aspect or parameter of a teacher, 
principal, or other school leader evaluation sys-tem within a State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(X) indicators or specific measures of teach-
er, principal, or other school leader effectiveness or quality; or 
‘‘(XI) the way in which the State factors the 
requirement under subsection (c)(4)(E)(i) into the statewide accountability system under this section; or 
‘‘(C) to issue new non-regulatory guidance 
that— 
‘‘(i) in seeking to provide explanation of re-
quirements under this section for State or local educational agencies, either in response to re-quests for information or in anticipation of such requests, provides a strictly limited or exhaus-tive list to illustrate successful implementation of provisions under this section; or 
‘‘(ii) purports to be legally binding; or ‘‘(D) to require data collection under this part 
beyond data derived from existing Federal, State, and local reporting requirements. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINING TERMS .—In carrying out this 
part, the Secretary shall not, through regulation or as a condition of approval of the State plan or revisions or amendments to the State plan, promulgate a definition of any term used in this part, or otherwise prescribe any specification for any such term, that is inconsistent with or out-side the scope of this part or is in violation of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) E
XISTING STATE LAW.—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to alter any State law or regulation granting parents authority over schools that repeatedly failed to make adequate yearly progress under this part, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. ‘‘(g) O
THER PLANPROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESCRIPTIONS .—Each State plan shall de-
scribe— 
‘‘(A) how the State will provide assistance to 
local educational agencies and individual ele-mentary schools choosing to use funds under this part to support early childhood education programs; 
‘‘(B) how low-income and minority children 
enrolled in schools assisted under this part are not served at disproportionate rates by ineffec-tive, out-of-field, or inexperienced teachers, and the measures the State educational agency will use to evaluate and publicly report the progress of the State educational agency with respect to such description (except that nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as requiring a State to develop or implement a teacher, prin-cipal, or other school leader evaluation system); 
‘‘(C) how the State educational agency will 
support local educational agencies receiving as-sistance under this part to improve school condi-tions for student learning, including through re-ducing— 
‘‘(i) incidences of bullying and harassment; ‘‘(ii) the overuse of discipline practices that 
remove students from the classroom; and 
‘‘(iii) the use of aversive behavioral interven-
tions that compromise student health and safe-ty; 
‘‘(D) how the State will support local edu-
cational agencies receiving assistance under this part in meeting the needs of students at all lev-els of schooling (particularly students in the middle grades and high school), including how the State will work with such local educational agencies to provide effective transitions of stu-dents to middle grades and high school to de-crease the risk of students dropping out; 
‘‘(E) the steps a State educational agency will 
take to ensure collaboration with the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under parts B and E of title IV of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq. and 670 et seq.) to ensure the educational stability of children in foster care, including assurances that— 
‘‘(i) any such child enrolls or remains in such 
child’s school of origin, unless a determination is made that it is not in such child’s best interest to attend the school of origin, which decision shall be based on all factors relating to the child’s best interest, including consideration of the appropriateness of the current educational setting and the proximity to the school in which the child is enrolled at the time of placement; 
‘‘(ii) when a determination is made that it is 
not in such child’s best interest to remain in the school of origin, the child is immediately en-rolled in a new school, even if the child is un-able to produce records normally required for enrollment; 
‘‘(iii) the enrolling school shall immediately 
contact the school last attended by any such child to obtain relevant academic and other records; and 
‘‘(iv) the State educational agency will des-
ignate an employee to serve as a point of con-tact for child welfare agencies and to oversee implementation of the State agency responsibil-ities required under this subparagraph, and such point of contact shall not be the State’s Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths under section 722(d)(3) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(d)(3)); 
‘‘(F) how the State educational agency will 
provide support to local educational agencies in the identification, enrollment, attendance, and school stability of homeless children and youths; and 
‘‘(G) such other factors the State educational 
agency determines appropriate to provide stu-dents an opportunity to achieve the knowledge and skills described in the challenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Each State plan shall con-
tain assurances that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8456 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(A) the State will make public any methods 
or criteria the State is using to measure teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness for the purpose of meeting the requirements de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B); 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency will notify 
local educational agencies, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, schools, teachers, parents, and the public of the challenging State aca-demic standards, academic assessments, and State accountability system, developed under this section; 
‘‘(C) the State educational agency will assist 
each local educational agency and school af-fected by the State plan to meet the require-
ments of this part; 
‘‘(D) the State will participate in the biennial 
State academic assessments in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 of the National Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(3) of the National Assess-ment of Educational Progress Authorization Act (20 U.S.C. 9622(b)(3)) if the Secretary pays the costs of administering such assessments; 
‘‘(E) the State educational agency will modify 
or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources to improve educational opportunities and reduce unnecessary fiscal and accounting require-ments; 
‘‘(F) the State educational agency will sup-
port the collection and dissemination to local educational agencies and schools of effective parent and family engagement strategies, in-cluding those included in the parent and family engagement policy under section 1116; 
‘‘(G) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the least restrictive and burdensome regula-tions for local educational agencies and indi-vidual schools participating in a program as-sisted under this part; 
‘‘(H) the State educational agency will ensure 
that local educational agencies, in developing and implementing programs under this part, will, to the extent feasible, work in consultation with outside intermediary organizations (such as educational service agencies), or individuals, that have practical expertise in the development or use of evidence-based strategies and programs to improve teaching, learning, and schools; 
‘‘(I) the State educational agency has appro-
priate procedures and safeguards in place to en-sure the validity of the assessment process; 
‘‘(J) the State educational agency will ensure 
that all teachers and paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part meet applicable State certification and li-censure requirements, including any require-ments for certification obtained through alter-native routes to certification; 
‘‘(K) the State educational agency will coordi-
nate activities funded under this part with other Federal activities as appropriate; 
‘‘(L) the State educational agency has in-
volved the committee of practitioners established under section 1603(b) in developing the plan and monitoring its implementation; 
‘‘(M) the State has professional standards for 
paraprofessionals working in a program sup-ported with funds under this part, including qualifications that were in place on the day be-fore the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act; and 
‘‘(N) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the information described in clauses (ii), (iii), and (vii) of subsection (h)(1)(C) to the pub-lic in an easily accessible and user-friendly manner that can be cross-tabulated by, at a minimum, each major racial and ethnic group, gender, English proficiency status, and children with or without disabilities, which— 
‘‘(i) may be accomplished by including such 
information on the annual State report card de-scribed subsection (h)(1)(C); and 
‘‘(ii) shall be presented in a manner that— ‘‘(I) is first anonymized and does not reveal 
personally identifiable information about an in-dividual student; ‘‘(II) does not include a number of students in 
any subgroup of students that is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or that would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student; and 
‘‘(III) is consistent with the requirements of 
section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (2)(N) shall be construed to— 
‘‘(A) require groups of students obtained by 
any entity that cross-tabulates the information provided under such paragraph to be considered subgroups of students, as defined in subsection (c)(2), for the purposes of the State account-ability system under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(B) require or prohibit States or local edu-
cational agencies from publicly reporting data in a cross-tabulated manner, in order to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(N). 
‘‘(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon request by 
a State educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to such agency to— 
‘‘(A) meet the requirements of paragraph 
(2)(N); or 
‘‘(B) in the case of a State educational agency 
choosing, at its sole discretion, to disaggregate data described in clauses (ii) and (iii)(II) of sub-section (h)(1)(C) for Asian and Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander students using the same race response categories as the decennial census of the population, assist such State educational agency in such disaggregation and in using such data to improve academic outcomes for such students. 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL STATE REPORT CARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives as-
sistance under this part shall prepare and dis-seminate widely to the public an annual State report card for the State as a whole that meets the requirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The State report card 
required under this paragraph shall be— 
‘‘(i) concise; ‘‘(ii) presented in an understandable and uni-
form format that is developed in consultation with parents and, to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
‘‘(iii) widely accessible to the public, which 
shall include making available on a single webpage of the State educational agency’s website, the State report card, all local edu-cational agency report cards for each local edu-cational agency in the State required under paragraph (2), and the annual report to the Sec-retary under paragraph (5). 
‘‘(C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
report card required under this subsection shall include the following information: 
‘‘(i) A clear and concise description of the 
State’s accountability system under subsection (c), including— 
‘‘(I) the minimum number of students that the 
State determines are necessary to be included in each of the subgroups of students, as defined in subsection (c)(2), for use in the accountability system; 
‘‘(II) the long-term goals and measurements of 
interim progress for all students and for each of the subgroups of students, as defined in sub-section (c)(2); 
‘‘(III) the indicators described in subsection 
(c)(4)(B) used to meaningfully differentiate all public schools in the State; 
‘‘(IV) the State’s system for meaningfully dif-
ferentiating all public schools in the State, in-cluding— 
‘‘(aa) the specific weight of the indicators de-
scribed in subsection (c)(4)(B) in such differen-tiation; 
‘‘(bb) the methodology by which the State dif-
ferentiates all such schools; 
‘‘(cc) the methodology by which the State dif-
ferentiates a school as consistently underper-forming for any subgroup of students described in section (c)(4)(C)(iii), including the time period 
used by the State to determine consistent under-performance; and 
‘‘(dd) the methodology by which the State 
identifies a school for comprehensive support and improvement as required under subsection 
(c)(4)(D)(i); 
‘‘(V) the number and names of all public 
schools in the State identified by the State for comprehensive support and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i) or implementing targeted support and improvement plans under sub-section (d)(2); and 
‘‘(VI) the exit criteria established by the State 
as required under clause (i) of subsection (d)(3)(A), including the length of years estab-lished under clause (i)(II) of such subsection. 
‘‘(ii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each subgroup of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)(xi), homeless status, status as a child in foster care, and status as a student with a parent who is a member of the Armed Forces (as defined in section 101(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code) on active duty (as defined in section 101(d)(5) of such title), information on student achievement on the academic assess-ments described in subsection (b)(2) at each level of achievement, as determined by the State under subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(iii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each of the subgroups of students, as defined in subsection (c)(2), and for purposes of subclause (II) of this clause, homeless status and status as a child in foster care— 
‘‘(I) information on the performance on the 
other academic indicator under subsection (c)(4)(B)(ii) for public elementary schools and secondary schools that are not high schools, used by the State in the State accountability system; and 
‘‘(II) high school graduation rates, including 
four-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and, at the State’s discretion, extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates. 
‘‘(iv) Information on the number and percent-
age of English learners achieving English lan-guage proficiency. 
‘‘(v) For all students and disaggregated by 
each of the subgroups of students, as defined in subsection (c)(2), information on the perform-ance on the other indicator or indicators of school quality or student success under sub-section (c)(4)(B)(v) used by the State in the State accountability system. 
‘‘(vi) Information on the progress of all stu-
dents and each subgroup of students, as defined in subsection (c)(2), toward meeting the State- designed long term goals under subsection (c)(4)(A), including the progress of all students and each such subgroup of students against the State measurements of interim progress estab-lished under such subsection. 
‘‘(vii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each subgroup of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)(xi), the percentage of students assessed and not assessed. 
‘‘(viii) Information submitted by the State 
educational agency and each local educational agency in the State, in accordance with data collection conducted pursuant to section 203(c)(1) of the Department of Education Orga-nization Act (20 U.S.C. 3413(c)(1)), on— 
‘‘(I) measures of school quality, climate, and 
safety, including rates of in-school suspensions, out-of-school suspensions, expulsions, school-re-lated arrests, referrals to law enforcement, chronic absenteeism (including both excused and unexcused absences), incidences of violence, including bullying and harassment; and 
‘‘(II) the number and percentage of students 
enrolled in— 
‘‘(aa) preschool programs; and ‘‘(bb) accelerated coursework to earn postsec-
ondary credit while still in high school, such as Advanced Placement and International Bacca-laureate courses and examinations, and dual or concurrent enrollment programs. 
‘‘(ix) The professional qualifications of teach-
ers in the State, including information (that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8457 November 30, 2015 
shall be presented in the aggregate and 
disaggregated by high-poverty compared to low- poverty schools) on the number and percentage of— 
‘‘(I) inexperienced teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders; 
‘‘(II) teachers teaching with emergency or 
provisional credentials; and 
‘‘(III) teachers who are not teaching in the 
subject or field for which the teacher is certified or licensed. 
‘‘(x) The per-pupil expenditures of Federal, 
State, and local funds, including actual per-sonnel expenditures and actual nonpersonnel expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, disaggregated by source of funds, for each local educational agency and each school in the State for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(xi) The number and percentages of students 
with the most significant cognitive disabilities who take an alternate assessment under sub-section (b)(2)(D), by grade and subject. 
‘‘(xii) Results on the State academic assess-
ments in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 of the National Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(3) of the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act (20 U.S.C. 9622(b)(3)), compared to the national average of such results. 
‘‘(xiii) Where available, for each high school 
in the State, and beginning with the report card prepared under this paragraph for 2017, the co-hort rate (in the aggregate, and disaggregated for each subgroup of students defined in sub-section (c)(2)), at which students who graduate from the high school enroll, for the first aca-demic year that begins after the students’ grad-uation— 
‘‘(I) in programs of public postsecondary edu-
cation in the State; and 
‘‘(II) if data are available and to the extent 
practicable, in programs of private postsec-ondary education in the State or programs of postsecondary education outside the State. 
‘‘(xiv) Any additional information that the 
State believes will best provide parents, stu-dents, and other members of the public with in-formation regarding the progress of each of the State’s public elementary schools and secondary schools, which may include the number and per-centage of students attaining career and tech-nical proficiencies (as defined by section 113(b) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2323(b)) and re-ported by States only in a manner consistent with section 113(c) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 2323(c)). 
‘‘(D) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subparagraph (C)(viii) shall be construed as re-quiring— 
‘‘(i) reporting of any data that are not col-
lected in accordance with section 203(c)(1) of the Department of Education Organization Act (20 U.S.C. 3413(c)(1); or 
‘‘(ii) disaggregation of any data other than as 
required under subsection (b)(2)(B)(xi). 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RE -
PORT CARDS .— 
‘‘(A) P REPARATION AND DISSEMINATION .—A 
local educational agency that receives assist-ance under this part shall prepare and dissemi-nate an annual local educational agency report card that includes information on such agency as a whole and each school served by the agen-cy. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Each local edu-
cational agency report card shall be— 
‘‘(i) concise; ‘‘(ii) presented in an understandable and uni-
form format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
‘‘(iii) accessible to the public, which shall in-
clude— 
‘‘(I) placing such report card on the website of 
the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(II) in any case in which a local educational 
agency does not operate a website, providing the information to the public in another manner de-
termined by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The State 
educational agency shall ensure that each local educational agency collects appropriate data and includes in the local educational agency’s annual report the information described in paragraph (1)(C), disaggregated in the same manner as required under such paragraph, ex-cept for clause (xii) of such paragraph, as ap-plied to the local educational agency and each school served by the local educational agency, including— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a local educational agency, 
information that shows how students served by the local educational agency achieved on the academic assessments described in subsection (b)(2) compared to students in the State as a whole; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school, information that 
shows how the school’s students’ achievement on the academic assessments described in sub-section (b)(2) compared to students served by the local educational agency and the State as a whole; and 
‘‘(iii) any other information that the local 
educational agency determines is appropriate and will best provide parents, students, and other members of the public with information re-garding the progress of each public school served by the local educational agency, whether or not such information is included in the an-nual State report card. 
‘‘(D) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—In the case 
of a local educational agency that issues a re-port card for all students, the local educational agency may include the information under this section as part of such report. 
‘‘(3) P
REEXISTING REPORT CARDS .—A State 
educational agency or local educational agency may use public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State, that were in effect prior to the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act for the purpose of this subsection, so long as any such report card is modified, as may be needed, to contain the information required by this subsection, and protects the privacy of indi-vidual students. 
‘‘(4) C
OST REDUCTION .—Each State edu-
cational agency and local educational agency receiving assistance under this part shall, wher-ever possible, take steps to reduce data collec-tion costs and duplication of effort by obtaining the information required under this subsection through existing data collection efforts. 
‘‘(5) A
NNUAL STATE REPORT TO THE SEC -
RETARY .—Each State educational agency receiv-
ing assistance under this part shall report an-nually to the Secretary, and make widely avail-able within the State— 
‘‘(A) information on the achievement of stu-
dents on the academic assessments required by subsection (b)(2), including the disaggregated results for the subgroups of students as defined in subsection (c)(2); 
‘‘(B) information on the acquisition of English 
proficiency by English learners; 
‘‘(C) the number and names of each public 
school in the State— 
‘‘(i) identified for comprehensive support and 
improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i); and 
‘‘(ii) implementing targeted support and im-
provement plans under subsection (d)(2); and 
‘‘(D) information on the professional quali-
fications of teachers in the State, including in-formation on the number and the percentage of the following teachers: 
‘‘(i) Inexperienced teachers. ‘‘(ii) Teachers teaching with emergency or 
provisional credentials. 
‘‘(iii) Teachers who are not teaching in the 
subject or field for which the teacher is certified or licensed. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall transmit annually to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a 
report that provides national and State-level data on the information collected under para-graph (5). Such report shall be submitted through electronic means only. 
‘‘(i) P
RIVACY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Information collected or 
disseminated under this section (including any information collected for or included in the re-ports described in subsection (h)) shall be col-lected and disseminated in a manner that pro-tects the privacy of individuals consistent with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) and this Act. 
‘‘(2) S
UFFICIENCY .—The reports described in 
subsection (h) shall only include data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion. 
‘‘(3) D
ISAGGREGATION .—Disaggregation under 
this section shall not be required if such disaggregation will reveal personally identifi-able information about any student, teacher, principal, or other school leader, or will provide data that are insufficient to yield statistically reliable information. 
‘‘(j) V
OLUNTARY PARTNERSHIPS .—A State re-
tains the right to enter into a voluntary part-nership with another State to develop and im-plement the challenging State academic stand-ards and assessments required under this sec-tion, except that the Secretary shall not attempt to influence, incentivize, or coerce State— 
‘‘(1) adoption of the Common Core State 
Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other aca-demic standards common to a significant num-ber of States, or assessments tied to such stand-ards; or 
‘‘(2) participation in such partnerships. ‘‘(k) S
PECIAL RULEWITHRESPECT TO BUREAU - 
FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the assess-
ments to be used by each school operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education re-ceiving funds under this part, the following shall apply until the requirements of section 8204(c) have been met: 
‘‘(1) Each such school that is accredited by 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments and other academic indicators the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate assessment and academic indicators as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(2) Each such school that is accredited by a 
regional accrediting organization (in consulta-tion with and with the approval of the Sec-retary of the Interior, and consistent with as-sessments and academic indicators adopted by other schools in the same State or region) shall adopt an appropriate assessment and other aca-demic indicators that meet the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(3) Each such school that is accredited by a 
tribal accrediting agency or tribal division of education shall use an assessment and other academic indicators developed by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the In-terior shall ensure that such assessment and academic indicators meet the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(l) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this part 
shall be construed to prescribe the use of the academic assessments described in this part for student promotion or graduation purposes.’’. 
SEC. 1006. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PLANS. 
Section 1112 (20 U.S.C. 6312) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1112. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) S UBGRANTS .—A local educational agency 
may receive a subgrant under this part for any fiscal year only if such agency has on file with the State educational agency a plan, approved by the State educational agency, that— 
‘‘(A) is developed with timely and meaningful 
consultation with teachers, principals, other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8458 November 30, 2015 
school leaders, paraprofessionals, specialized in-
structional support personnel, charter school leaders (in a local educational agency that has charter schools), administrators (including ad-ministrators of programs described in other parts of this title), other appropriate school personnel, and with parents of children in schools served under this part; and 
‘‘(B) as appropriate, is coordinated with other 
programs under this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (20 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.), the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.), the Adult Education and Family Lit-eracy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.), and other Acts as appropriate. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED APPLICATION .—The plan 
may be submitted as part of a consolidated ap-plication under section 8305. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be filed according to a sched-ule established by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .—The State educational agen-
cy shall approve a local educational agency’s plan only if the State educational agency deter-mines that the local educational agency’s plan— 
‘‘(i) provides that schools served under this 
part substantially help children served under this part meet the challenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of this section. ‘‘(4) D
URATION .—Each local educational agen-
cy plan shall be submitted for the first year for which this part is in effect following the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act and shall remain in effect for the duration of the agency’s participation under this part. 
‘‘(5) R
EVIEW .—Each local educational agency 
shall periodically review and, as necessary, re-vise its plan. 
‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Consultation 
required under paragraph (1)(A) shall not inter-fere with the timely submission of the plan re-quired under this section. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN PROVISIONS .—To ensure that all 
children receive a high-quality education, and to close the achievement gap between children meeting the challenging State academic stand-ards and those children who are not meeting such standards, each local educational agency plan shall describe— 
‘‘(1) how the local educational agency will 
monitor students’ progress in meeting the chal-lenging State academic standards by— 
‘‘(A) developing and implementing a well- 
rounded program of instruction to meet the aca-demic needs of all students; 
‘‘(B) identifying students who may be at risk 
for academic failure; 
‘‘(C) providing additional educational assist-
ance to individual students the local edu-cational agency or school determines need help in meeting the challenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(D) identifying and implementing instruc-
tional and other strategies intended to strength-en academic programs and improve school con-ditions for student learning; 
‘‘(2) how the local educational agency will 
identify and address, as required under State plans as described in section 1111(g)(1)(B), any disparities that result in low-income students and minority students being taught at higher rates than other students by ineffective, inexpe-rienced, or out-of-field teachers; 
‘‘(3) how the local educational agency will 
carry out its responsibilities under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(d); 
‘‘(4) the poverty criteria that will be used to 
select school attendance areas under section 1113; 
‘‘(5) in general, the nature of the programs to 
be conducted by such agency’s schools under sections 1114 and 1115 and, where appropriate, 
educational services outside such schools for children living in local institutions for neglected or delinquent children, and for neglected and delinquent children in community day school programs; 
‘‘(6) the services the local educational agency 
will provide homeless children and youths, in-cluding services provided with funds reserved under section 1113(c)(3)(A), to support the en-rollment, attendance, and success of homeless children and youths, in coordination with the services the local educational agency is pro-viding under the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.); 
‘‘(7) the strategy the local educational agency 
will use to implement effective parent and fam-ily engagement under section 1116; 
‘‘(8) if applicable, how the local educational 
agency will support, coordinate, and integrate services provided under this part with early childhood education programs at the local edu-cational agency or individual school level, in-cluding plans for the transition of participants in such programs to local elementary school pro-grams; 
‘‘(9) how teachers and school leaders, in con-
sultation with parents, administrators, para-professionals, and specialized instructional sup-port personnel, in schools operating a targeted assistance school program under section 1115, will identify the eligible children most in need of services under this part; 
‘‘(10) how the local educational agency will 
implement strategies to facilitate effective tran-sitions for students from middle grades to high school and from high school to postsecondary education including, if applicable— 
‘‘(A) through coordination with institutions of 
higher education, employers, and other local partners; and 
‘‘(B) through increased student access to early 
college high school or dual or concurrent enroll-ment opportunities, or career counseling to iden-tify student interests and skills; 
‘‘(11) how the local educational agency will 
support efforts to reduce the overuse of dis-cipline practices that remove students from the classroom, which may include identifying and supporting schools with high rates of discipline, disaggregated by each of the subgroups of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(c)(2); 
‘‘(12) if determined appropriate by the local 
educational agency, how such agency will sup-port programs that coordinate and integrate— 
‘‘(A) academic and career and technical edu-
cation content through coordinated instruc-tional strategies, that may incorporate experien-tial learning opportunities and promote skills attainment important to in-demand occupations or industries in the State; and 
‘‘(B) work-based learning opportunities that 
provide students in-depth interaction with in-dustry professionals and, if appropriate, aca-demic credit; and 
‘‘(13) any other information on how the local 
educational agency proposes to use funds to meet the purposes of this part, and that the local educational agency determines appropriate to provide, which may include how the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(A) assist schools in identifying and serving 
gifted and talented students; and 
‘‘(B) assist schools in developing effective 
school library programs to provide students an opportunity to develop digital literacy skills and improve academic achievement. 
‘‘(c) A
SSURANCES .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall provide assurances that the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(1) ensure that migratory children and for-
merly migratory children who are eligible to re-ceive services under this part are selected to re-ceive such services on the same basis as other children who are selected to receive services under this part; 
‘‘(2) provide services to eligible children at-
tending private elementary schools and sec-ondary schools in accordance with section 1117, 
and timely and meaningful consultation with private school officials regarding such services; 
‘‘(3) participate, if selected, in the National 
Assessment of Educational Progress in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 carried out under section 303(b)(3) of the National Assess-ment of Educational Progress Authorization Act (20 U.S.C. 9622(b)(3)); 
‘‘(4) coordinate and integrate services pro-
vided under this part with other educational services at the local educational agency or indi-vidual school level, such as services for English learners, children with disabilities, migratory children, American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian children, and homeless chil-dren and youths, in order to increase program effectiveness, eliminate duplication, and reduce fragmentation of the instructional program; 
‘‘(5) collaborate with the State or local child 
welfare agency to— 
‘‘(A) designate a point of contact if the cor-
responding child welfare agency notifies the local educational agency, in writing, that the agency has designated an employee to serve as a point of contact for the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) by not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, develop and implement clear written procedures governing how transportation to maintain chil-dren in foster care in their school of origin when in their best interest will be provided, arranged, and funded for the duration of the time in foster care, which procedures shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure that children in foster care need-
ing transportation to the school of origin will promptly receive transportation in a cost-effec-tive manner and in accordance with section 475(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675(4)(A)); and 
‘‘(ii) ensure that, if there are additional costs 
incurred in providing transportation to main-tain children in foster care in their schools of origin, the local educational agency will provide transportation to the school of origin if— 
‘‘(I) the local child welfare agency agrees to 
reimburse the local educational agency for the cost of such transportation; 
‘‘(II) the local educational agency agrees to 
pay for the cost of such transportation; or 
‘‘(III) the local educational agency and the 
local child welfare agency agree to share the cost of such transportation; and 
‘‘(6) ensure that all teachers and paraprofes-
sionals working in a program supported with funds under this part meet applicable State cer-tification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification; and 
‘‘(7) in the case of a local educational agency 
that chooses to use funds under this part to pro-vide early childhood education services to low- income children below the age of compulsory school attendance, ensure that such services comply with the performance standards estab-lished under section 641A(a) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9836a(a)). 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE.—For local educational 
agencies using funds under this part for the purposes described in subsection (c)(7), the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(1) consult with the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services and establish procedures (tak-ing into consideration existing State and local laws, and local teacher contracts) to assist local educational agencies to comply with such sub-section; and 
‘‘(2) disseminate to local educational agencies 
the education performance standards in effect under section 641A(a) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9836a(a)), and such agencies affected by such subsection (c)(7) shall plan to comply with such subsection (taking into consideration exist-ing State and local laws, and local teacher con-tracts), including by pursuing the availability of other Federal, State, and local funding sources to assist with such compliance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8459 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(e) P ARENTS RIGHT-TO-KNOW .— 
‘‘(1) I NFORMATION FOR PARENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At the beginning of each 
school year, a local educational agency that re-ceives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school re-ceiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), in-formation regarding the professional qualifica-tions of the student’s classroom teachers, in-cluding at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(i) Whether the student’s teacher— ‘‘(I) has met State qualification and licensing 
criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruction; 
‘‘(II) is teaching under emergency or other 
provisional status through which State quali-fication or licensing criteria have been waived; and 
‘‘(III) is teaching in the field of discipline of 
the certification of the teacher. 
‘‘(ii) Whether the child is provided services by 
paraprofessionals and, if so, their qualifica-tions. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—In addition 
to the information that parents may request under subparagraph (A), a school that receives funds under this part shall provide to each indi-vidual parent of a child who is a student in such school, with respect to such student— 
‘‘(i) information on the level of achievement 
and academic growth of the student, if applica-ble and available, on each of the State academic assessments required under this part; and 
‘‘(ii) timely notice that the student has been 
assigned, or has been taught for 4 or more con-secutive weeks by, a teacher who does not meet applicable State certification or licensure re-quirements at the grade level and subject area in which the teacher has been assigned. 
‘‘(2) T
ESTING TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At the beginning of each 
school year, a local educational agency that re-ceives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school re-ceiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the local educational agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding any State or local educational agency policy regard-ing student participation in any assessments mandated by section 1111(b)(2) and by the State or local educational agency, which shall include a policy, procedure, or parental right to opt the child out of such assessment, where applicable. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Subject to 
subparagraph (C), each local educational agen-cy that receives funds under this part shall make widely available through public means (including by posting in a clear and easily ac-cessible manner on the local educational agen-cy’s website and, where practicable, on the website of each school served by the local edu-cational agency) for each grade served by the local educational agency, information on each assessment required by the State to comply with section 1111, other assessments required by the State, and where such information is available and feasible to report, assessments required dis-trictwide by the local educational agency, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) the subject matter assessed; ‘‘(ii) the purpose for which the assessment is 
designed and used; 
‘‘(iii) the source of the requirement for the as-
sessment; and 
‘‘(iv) where such information is available— ‘‘(I) the amount of time students will spend 
taking the assessment, and the schedule for the assessment; and 
‘‘(II) the time and format for disseminating re-
sults. 
‘‘(C) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY THAT DOES  
NOT OPERATE A WEBSITE .—In the case of a local 
educational agency that does not operate a website, such local educational agency shall de-termine how to make the information described in subparagraph (A) widely available, such as 
through distribution of that information to the media, through public agencies, or directly to parents. 
‘‘(3) L
ANGUAGE INSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(A) N OTICE .—Each local educational agency 
using funds under this part or title III to pro-vide a language instruction educational pro-gram as determined under title III shall, not later than 30 days after the beginning of the school year, inform parents of an English learn-er identified for participation or participating in such a program, of— 
‘‘(i) the reasons for the identification of their 
child as an English learner and in need of placement in a language instruction educational program; 
‘‘(ii) the child’s level of English proficiency, 
how such level was assessed, and the status of the child’s academic achievement; 
‘‘(iii) the methods of instruction used in the 
program in which their child is, or will be, par-ticipating and the methods of instruction used in other available programs, including how such programs differ in content, instructional goals, and the use of English and a native language in instruction; 
‘‘(iv) how the program in which their child is, 
or will be, participating will meet the edu-cational strengths and needs of their child; 
‘‘(v) how such program will specifically help 
their child learn English and meet age-appro-priate academic achievement standards for grade promotion and graduation; 
‘‘(vi) the specific exit requirements for the pro-
gram, including the expected rate of transition from such program into classrooms that are not tailored for English learners, and the expected rate of graduation from high school (including four-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates for such program) if funds under this part are used for children in high schools; 
‘‘(vii) in the case of a child with a disability, 
how such program meets the objectives of the in-dividualized education program of the child, as described in section 614(d) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1414(d)); and 
‘‘(viii) information pertaining to parental 
rights that includes written guidance— 
‘‘(I) detailing the right that parents have to 
have their child immediately removed from such program upon their request; 
‘‘(II) detailing the options that parents have 
to decline to enroll their child in such program or to choose another program or method of in-struction, if available; and 
‘‘(III) assisting parents in selecting among 
various programs and methods of instruction, if more than 1 program or method is offered by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE APPLICABLE DURING THE  
SCHOOL YEAR .—For those children who have not 
been identified as English learners prior to the beginning of the school year but are identified as English learners during such school year, the local educational agency shall notify the chil-dren’s parents during the first 2 weeks of the child being placed in a language instruction educational program consistent with subpara-graph (A). 
‘‘(C) P
ARENTAL PARTICIPATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall im-plement an effective means of outreach to par-ents of English learners to inform the parents regarding how the parents can— 
‘‘(I) be involved in the education of their chil-
dren; and 
‘‘(II) be active participants in assisting their 
children to— 
‘‘(aa) attain English proficiency; ‘‘(bb) achieve at high levels within a well- 
rounded education; and 
‘‘(cc) meet the challenging State academic 
standards expected of all students. 
‘‘(ii) R
EGULAR MEETINGS .—Implementing an 
effective means of outreach to parents under clause (i) shall include holding, and sending no-
tice of opportunities for, regular meetings for the purpose of formulating and responding to recommendations from parents of students as-sisted under this part or title III. 
‘‘(D) B
ASIS FOR ADMISSION OR EXCLUSION .—A 
student shall not be admitted to, or excluded from, any federally assisted education program on the basis of a surname or language-minority status. 
‘‘(4) N
OTICE AND FORMAT .—The notice and in-
formation provided to parents under this sub-section shall be in an understandable and uni-form format and, to the extent practicable, pro-vided in a language that the parents can under-stand.’’. 
SEC. 1007. ELIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE 
AREAS. 
Section 1113 (20 U.S.C. 6313) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ANKING ORDER .— 
‘‘(A) R ANKING .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), if funds allocated in accordance with subsection (c) are insufficient to serve all eligible school attendance areas, a local edu-cational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) annually rank, without regard to grade 
spans, such agency’s eligible school attendance areas in which the concentration of children from low-income families exceeds 75 percent from highest to lowest according to the percent-age of children from low-income families; and 
‘‘(ii) serve such eligible school attendance 
areas in rank order. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—A local educational agency 
may lower the threshold in subparagraph (A)(i) to 50 percent for high schools served by such agency.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) M
EASURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), a local educational agency shall use the same measure of poverty, which measure shall be the number of children aged 5 through 17 in poverty counted in the most recent census data approved by the Secretary, the number of children eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), the number of children in families receiving assist-ance under the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, or the number of children eligible to receive med-ical assistance under the Medicaid Program, or a composite of such indicators, with respect to all school attendance areas in the local edu-cational agency— 
‘‘(i) to identify eligible school attendance 
areas; 
‘‘(ii) to determine the ranking of each area; 
and 
‘‘(iii) to determine allocations under sub-
section (c). 
‘‘(B) S
ECONDARY SCHOOLS .—For measuring 
the number of students in low-income families in secondary schools, the local educational agency shall use the same measure of poverty, which shall be— 
‘‘(i) the measure described under subpara-
graph (A); or 
‘‘(ii) subject to meeting the conditions of sub-
paragraph (C), an accurate estimate of the num-ber of students in low-income families in a sec-ondary school that is calculated by applying the average percentage of students in low-income families of the elementary school attendance areas as calculated under subparagraph (A) that feed into the secondary school to the num-ber of students enrolled in such school. 
‘‘(C) M
EASURE OF POVERTY .—The local edu-
cational agency shall have the option to use the measure of poverty described in subparagraph (B)(ii) after— 
‘‘(i) conducting outreach to secondary schools 
within such agency to inform such schools of the option to use such measure; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8460 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(ii) a majority of such schools have approved 
the use of such measure.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(D)(i), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 1120A(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1118(c)’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agency 
shall reserve such funds as are necessary under this part, determined in accordance with sub-paragraphs (B) and (C), to provide services com-parable to those provided to children in schools funded under this part to serve— 
‘‘(i) homeless children and youths, including 
providing educationally related support services to children in shelters and other locations where children may live; 
‘‘(ii) children in local institutions for ne-
glected children; and 
‘‘(iii) if appropriate, children in local institu-
tions for delinquent children, and neglected or delinquent children in community day pro-grams. 
‘‘(B) M
ETHOD OF DETERMINATION .—The share 
of funds determined under subparagraph (A) shall be determined— 
‘‘(i) based on the total allocation received by 
the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) prior to any allowable expenditures or 
transfers by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(C) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS .— 
Funds reserved under subparagraph (A)(i) may be— 
‘‘(i) determined based on a needs assessment 
of homeless children and youths in the local educational agency, taking into consideration the number and needs of homeless children and youths in the local educational agency, and which needs assessment may be the same needs assessment as conducted under section 723(b)(1) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11433(b)(1)); and 
‘‘(ii) used to provide homeless children and 
youths with services not ordinarily provided to other students under this part, including pro-viding— 
‘‘(I) funding for the liaison designated pursu-
ant to section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(g)(1)(J)(ii)); and 
‘‘(II) transportation pursuant to section 
722(g)(1)(J)(iii) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(g)(1)(J)(iii)).’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘school im-
provement, corrective action, and restructuring under section 1116(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘com-prehensive support and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d)’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION .—A local 
educational agency may reserve funds made available to carry out this section to provide early childhood education programs for eligible children.’’. 
SEC. 1008. SCHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS. 
Section 1114 (20 U.S.C. 6314) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS FOR SCHOOLWIDE PRO -
GRAMS .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY .—A local educational agen-
cy may consolidate and use funds under this part, together with other Federal, State, and local funds, in order to upgrade the entire edu-cational program of a school that serves an eli-gible school attendance area in which not less than 40 percent of the children are from low-in-come families, or not less than 40 percent of the children enrolled in the school are from such families. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—A school that serves an eli-
gible school attendance area in which less than 40 percent of the children are from low-income families, or a school for which less than 40 per-cent of the children enrolled in the school are 
from such families, may operate a schoolwide program under this section if the school receives a waiver from the State educational agency to do so, after taking into account how a schoolwide program will best serve the needs of the students in the school served under this part in improving academic achievement and other factors. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION OF STUDENTS NOT RE -
QUIRED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—No school participating in 
a schoolwide program shall be required to iden-tify— 
‘‘(i) particular children under this part as eli-
gible to participate in a schoolwide program; or 
‘‘(ii) individual services as supplementary. 
‘‘(B) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS .—In accordance 
with the method of determination described in section 1118(b)(2), a school participating in a schoolwide program shall use funds available to carry out this section only to supplement the amount of funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available from non-Federal sources for the school, including funds needed to provide services that are re-quired by law for children with disabilities and English learners. 
‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION FROM STATUTORY AND REGU -
LATORY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) E XEMPTION .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the Secretary may, through pub-lication of a notice in the Federal Register, ex-empt schoolwide programs under this section from statutory or regulatory provisions of any other noncompetitive formula grant program ad-ministered by the Secretary (other than formula or discretionary grant programs under the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), except as provided in sec-tion 613(a)(2)(D) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1413(a)(2)(D))), or any discretionary grant pro-gram administered by the Secretary, to support schoolwide programs if the intent and purposes of such other programs are met. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A school that chooses 
to use funds from such other programs shall not be relieved of the requirements relating to health, safety, civil rights, student and parental participation and involvement, services to pri-vate school children, comparability of services, maintenance of effort, uses of Federal funds to supplement, not supplant non-Federal funds (in accordance with the method of determination described in section 1118(b)(2)), or the distribu-tion of funds to State educational agencies or local educational agencies that apply to the re-ceipt of funds from such programs. 
‘‘(C) R
ECORDS .—A school that chooses to con-
solidate and use funds from different Federal programs under this section shall not be re-quired to maintain separate fiscal accounting records, by program, that identify the specific activities supported by those particular funds as long as the school maintains records that dem-onstrate that the schoolwide program, consid-ered as a whole, addresses the intent and pur-poses of each of the Federal programs that were consolidated to support the schoolwide pro-gram.’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(b) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAM PLAN.—An eligi-
ble school operating a schoolwide program shall develop a comprehensive plan (or amend a plan for such a program that was in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act) that— 
‘‘(1) is developed during a 1-year period, un-
less— 
‘‘(A) the local educational agency determines, 
in consultation with the school, that less time is needed to develop and implement the schoolwide program; or 
‘‘(B) the school is operating a schoolwide pro-
gram on the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, in which case such school may continue to operate such program, but shall develop amendments to 
its existing plan during the first year of assist-ance after that date to reflect the provisions of this section; 
‘‘(2) is developed with the involvement of par-
ents and other members of the community to be served and individuals who will carry out such plan, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals present in the school, administrators (including administrators of programs described in other parts of this title), the local educational agency, to the ex-tent feasible, tribes and tribal organizations present in the community, and, if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel, technical assistance providers, school staff, if the plan relates to a secondary school, students, and other individuals determined by the school; 
‘‘(3) remains in effect for the duration of the 
school’s participation under this part, except that the plan and its implementation shall be regularly monitored and revised as necessary based on student needs to ensure that all stu-dents are provided opportunities to meet the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(4) is available to the local educational agen-
cy, parents, and the public, and the information contained in such plan shall be in an under-standable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand; and 
‘‘(5) if appropriate and applicable, is devel-
oped in coordination and integration with other Federal, State, and local services, resources, and programs, such as programs supported under this Act, violence prevention programs, nutri-tion programs, housing programs, Head Start programs, adult education programs, career and technical education programs, and schools im-plementing comprehensive support and improve-ment activities or targeted support and improve-ment activities under section 1111(d); 
‘‘(6) is based on a comprehensive needs assess-
ment of the entire school that takes into account information on the academic achievement of children in relation to the challenging State academic standards, particularly the needs of those children who are failing, or are at-risk of failing, to meet the challenging State academic standards and any other factors as determined by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(7) includes a description of— ‘‘(A) the strategies that the school will be im-
plementing to address school needs, including a description of how such strategies will— 
‘‘(i) provide opportunities for all children, in-
cluding each of the subgroups of students (as defined in section 1111(c)(2)) to meet the chal-lenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(ii) use methods and instructional strategies 
that strengthen the academic program in the school, increase the amount and quality of learning time, and help provide an enriched and accelerated curriculum, which may include pro-grams, activities, and courses necessary to pro-vide a well-rounded education; and 
‘‘(iii) address the needs of all children in the 
school, but particularly the needs of those at risk of not meeting the challenging State aca-demic standards, through activities which may include— 
‘‘(I) counseling, school-based mental health 
programs, specialized instructional support serv-ices, mentoring services, and other strategies to improve students’ skills outside the academic subject areas; 
‘‘(II) preparation for and awareness of oppor-
tunities for postsecondary education and the workforce, which may include career and tech-nical education programs and broadening sec-ondary school students’ access to coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school (such as Advanced Placement, Inter-national Baccalaureate, dual or concurrent en-rollment, or early college high schools); 
‘‘(III) implementation of a schoolwide tiered 
model to prevent and address problem behavior, and early intervening services, coordinated with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8461 November 30, 2015 
similar activities and services carried out under 
the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); 
‘‘(IV) professional development and other ac-
tivities for teachers, paraprofessionals, and other school personnel to improve instruction and use of data from academic assessments, and to recruit and retain effective teachers, particu-larly in high-need subjects; and 
‘‘(V) strategies for assisting preschool children 
in the transition from early childhood education programs to local elementary school programs; and 
‘‘(B) if programs are consolidated, the specific 
State educational agency and local educational agency programs and other Federal programs that will be consolidated in the schoolwide pro-gram.’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(c) P
RESCHOOL PROGRAMS .—A school that 
operates a schoolwide program under this sec-tion may use funds available under this part to establish or enhance preschool programs for children who are under 6 years of age. 
‘‘(d) D
ELIVERY OF SERVICES .—The services of 
a schoolwide program under this section may be delivered by nonprofit or for-profit external pro-viders with expertise in using evidence-based or other effective strategies to improve student achievement. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR DUAL OR CONCURRENT  
ENROLLMENT PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A secondary school oper-
ating a schoolwide program under this section may use funds received under this part to oper-ate dual or concurrent enrollment programs that address the needs of low-achieving secondary school students and those at risk of not meeting the challenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(2) F
LEXIBILITY OF FUNDS .—A secondary 
school using funds received under this part for a dual or concurrent enrollment program de-scribed in paragraph (1) may use such funds for any of the costs associated with such program, including the costs of— 
‘‘(A) training for teachers, and joint profes-
sional development for teachers in collaboration with career and technical educators and edu-cators from institutions of higher education, where appropriate, for the purpose of inte-grating rigorous academics in such program; 
‘‘(B) tuition and fees, books, required instruc-
tional materials for such program, and innova-tive delivery methods; and 
‘‘(C) transportation to and from such pro-
gram. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to impose on any State any requirement or rule regarding dual or concurrent enrollment programs that is incon-sistent with State law.’’. 
SEC. 1009. TARGETED ASSISTANCE SCHOOLS. 
Section 1115 (20 U.S.C. 6315) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In all schools selected to 
receive funds under section 1113(c) that are in-eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1114, have not received a waiver under section 1114(a)(1)(B) to operate such a schoolwide pro-gram, or choose not to operate such a schoolwide program, a local educational agency serving such school may use funds received under this part only for programs that provide services to eligible children under subsection (c) identified as having the greatest need for special assistance.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as 
subsections (c) and (b), respectively, and moving those redesignated subsections so as to appear in alphabetical order; 
(3) by striking subsection (b), as redesignated 
by paragraph (2), and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) T
ARGETED ASSISTANCE SCHOOL PRO-
GRAM .—To assist targeted assistance schools 
and local educational agencies to meet their re-sponsibility to provide for all their students 
served under this part the opportunity to meet the challenging State academic standards, each targeted assistance program under this section shall— 
‘‘(1) determine which students will be served; ‘‘(2) serve participating students identified as 
eligible children under subsection (c), including by— 
‘‘(A) using resources under this part to help 
eligible children meet the challenging State aca-demic standards, which may include programs, activities, and academic courses necessary to provide a well-rounded education; 
‘‘(B) using methods and instructional strate-
gies to strengthen the academic program of the school through activities, which may include— 
‘‘(i) expanded learning time, before- and after- 
school programs, and summer programs and op-portunities; and 
‘‘(ii) a schoolwide tiered model to prevent and 
address behavior problems, and early inter-vening services, coordinated with similar activi-ties and services carried out under the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); 
‘‘(C) coordinating with and supporting the 
regular education program, which may include services to assist preschool children in the tran-sition from early childhood education programs such as Head Start, the literacy program under subpart 2 of part B of title II, or State-run pre-school programs to elementary school programs; 
‘‘(D) providing professional development with 
resources provided under this part, and, to the extent practicable, from other sources, to teach-ers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals, and, if appropriate, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, and other school per-sonnel who work with eligible children in pro-grams under this section or in the regular edu-cation program; 
‘‘(E) implementing strategies to increase the 
involvement of parents of eligible children in ac-cordance with section 1116; and 
‘‘(F) if appropriate and applicable, coordi-
nating and integrating Federal, State, and local services and programs, such as programs sup-ported under this Act, violence prevention pro-grams, nutrition programs, housing programs, Head Start programs, adult education programs, career and technical education programs, and comprehensive support and improvement activi-ties or targeted support and improvement activi-ties under section 1111(d); and 
‘‘(G) provide to the local educational agency 
assurances that the school will— 
‘‘(i) help provide an accelerated, high-quality 
curriculum; 
‘‘(ii) minimize the removal of children from the 
regular classroom during regular school hours for instruction provided under this part; and 
‘‘(iii) on an ongoing basis, review the progress 
of eligible children and revise the targeted as-sistance program under this section, if nec-essary, to provide additional assistance to en-able such children to meet the challenging State academic standards.’’; 
(4) in subsection (c), as redesignated by para-
graph (2)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(B)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the State’s challenging stu-
dent academic achievement standards’’ and in-serting ‘‘the challenging State academic stand-ards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such criteria as teacher judg-
ment, interviews with parents, and develop-mentally appropriate measures’’ and inserting ‘‘criteria, including objective criteria, estab-lished by the local educational agency and sup-plemented by the school’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking the heading and inserting 
‘‘
HEAD START AND PRESCHOOL CHILDREN ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Head Start, Even Start, or 
Early Reading First program,’’ and inserting ‘‘Head Start program, the literacy program under subpart 2 of part B of title II,’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the 
heading and inserting ‘‘
MIGRANT CHILDREN ’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (ii); (ii) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (v); 
and 
(iii) by inserting after clause (ii) the following 
new clauses: 
‘‘(iii) family support and engagement services; ‘‘(iv) integrated student supports; and’’; and (iv) in clause (v), as redesignated by clause 
(iii), by striking ‘‘pupil services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR DUAL OR CONCURRENT  
ENROLLMENT PROGRAMS .—A secondary school 
operating a targeted assistance program under this section may use funds received under this part to provide dual or concurrent enrollment program services described under section 1114(e) to eligible children under subsection (c)(1)(B) who are identified as having the greatest need for special assistance. 
‘‘(g) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to require a local educational agen-cy or school to submit the results of a com-prehensive needs assessment or plan under sec-tion 1114(b), or a program described in sub-section (b), for review or approval by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(h) D
ELIVERY OF SERVICES .—The services of 
a targeted assistance program under this section may be delivered by nonprofit or for-profit ex-ternal providers with expertise in using evi-dence-based or other effective strategies to im-prove student achievement.’’. 
SEC. 1010. PARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT. 
Section 1116, as redesignated by section 
1000(2), is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ PA-
RENTAL INVOLVEMENT ’’ and inserting 
‘‘PARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘conducts outreach to all par-
ents and family members and’’ after ‘‘only if such agency’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ after 
‘‘and procedures for the involvement of par-ents’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ after ‘‘, 
and distribute to, parents’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘written parent involvement 
policy’’ and inserting ‘‘written parent and fam-ily engagement policy’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘expectations for parent in-
volvement’’ and inserting ‘‘expectations and ob-jectives for meaningful parent and family in-volvement’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraphs (A) through (F) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) involve parents and family members in 
jointly developing the local educational agency plan under section 1112, and the development of support and improvement plans under para-graphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(d). 
‘‘(B) provide the coordination, technical as-
sistance, and other support necessary to assist and build the capacity of all participating schools within the local educational agency in planning and implementing effective parent and family involvement activities to improve student academic achievement and school performance, which may include meaningful consultation with employers, business leaders, and philan-thropic organizations, or individuals with exper-tise in effectively engaging parents and family members in education; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8462 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(C) coordinate and integrate parent and 
family engagement strategies under this part with parent and family engagement strategies, to the extent feasible and appropriate, with other relevant Federal, State, and local laws and programs; 
‘‘(D) conduct, with the meaningful involve-
ment of parents and family members, an annual evaluation of the content and effectiveness of the parent and family engagement policy in im-proving the academic quality of all schools served under this part, including identifying— 
‘‘(i) barriers to greater participation by par-
ents in activities authorized by this section (with particular attention to parents who are economically disadvantaged, are disabled, have limited English proficiency, have limited lit-eracy, or are of any racial or ethnic minority background); 
‘‘(ii) the needs of parents and family members 
to assist with the learning of their children, in-cluding engaging with school personnel and teachers; and 
‘‘(iii) strategies to support successful school 
and family interactions; 
‘‘(E) use the findings of such evaluation in 
subparagraph (D) to design evidence-based strategies for more effective parental involve-ment, and to revise, if necessary, the parent and family engagement policies described in this sec-tion; and 
‘‘(F) involve parents in the activities of the 
schools served under this part, which may in-clude establishing a parent advisory board com-prised of a sufficient number and representative group of parents or family members served by the local educational agency to adequately rep-resent the needs of the population served by such agency for the purposes of developing, re-vising, and reviewing the parent and family en-gagement policy.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency shall reserve at least 1 percent of its al-location under subpart 2 to assist schools to carry out the activities described in this section, except that this subparagraph shall not apply if 1 percent of such agency’s allocation under sub-part 2 for the fiscal year for which the deter-mination is made is $5,000 or less. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to limit local educational agencies from reserving more than 1 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to assist schools to carry out activities described in this section.’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) P
A-
RENTAL INPUT .—Parents of children’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(B) P ARENT AND FAMILY MEMBER INPUT .— 
Parents and family members of children’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘95 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘90 
percent’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, with priority given to 
high-need schools’’ after ‘‘schools served under this part’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds reserved under 
subparagraph (A) by a local educational agency shall be used to carry out activities and strate-gies consistent with the local educational agen-cy’s parent and family engagement policy, in-cluding not less than 1 of the following: 
‘‘(i) Supporting schools and nonprofit organi-
zations in providing professional development for local educational agency and school per-sonnel regarding parent and family engagement strategies, which may be provided jointly to teachers, principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, para-professionals, early childhood educators, and parents and family members. 
‘‘(ii) Supporting programs that reach parents 
and family members at home, in the community, and at school. 
‘‘(iii) Disseminating information on best prac-
tices focused on parent and family engagement, especially best practices for increasing the en-
gagement of economically disadvantaged par-ents and family members. 
‘‘(iv) Collaborating, or providing subgrants to 
schools to enable such schools to collaborate, with community-based or other organizations or employers with a record of success in improving and increasing parent and family engagement. 
‘‘(v) Engaging in any other activities and 
strategies that the local educational agency de-termines are appropriate and consistent with such agency’s parent and family engagement policy.’’; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘P
ARENTAL INVOLVEMENT POLICY ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘P ARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT POL-
ICY’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ after 
‘‘distribute to, parents’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘written parental involvement 
policy’’ and inserting ‘‘written parent and fam-ily engagement policy’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘parental involvement policy’’ 
and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policy’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ after 
‘‘that applies to all parents’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘parental involvement policy’’ 
and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policy’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members in all 
schools served by the local educational agency’’ after ‘‘policy that applies to all parents’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘parental involvement policy’’ 
and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policy’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘1114(b)(2)’’ and inserting 
‘‘1114(b)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘the pro-
ficiency levels students are expected to meet’’ and inserting ‘‘the achievement levels of the challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘1114(b)(2)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘1114(b)’’; 
(5) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘parental involvement policy’’ and in-serting ‘‘parent and family engagement policy’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the State’s student academic 
achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, such as monitoring attend-
ance, homework completion, and television watching’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) ensuring regular two-way, meaningful 
communication between family members and school staff, and, to the extent practicable, in a language that family members can under-stand.’’; 
(6) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the State’s 
academic content standards and State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘tech-
nology’’ and inserting ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright pi-racy)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘pupil serv-
ices personnel, principals’’ and inserting ‘‘spe-cialized instructional support personnel, prin-cipals, and other school leaders’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Head Start, 
Reading First, Early Reading First, Even Start, the Home Instruction Programs for Preschool Youngsters, the Parents as Teachers Program, 
and public preschool and other programs,’’ and inserting ‘‘other Federal, State, and local pro-grams, including public preschool programs,’’; 
(7) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(f) A
CCESSIBILITY .—In carrying out the par-
ent and family engagement requirements of this part, local educational agencies and schools, to the extent practicable, shall provide opportuni-ties for the informed participation of parents and family members (including parents and family members who have limited English pro-ficiency, parents and family members with dis-abilities, and parents and family members of mi-gratory children), including providing informa-tion and school reports required under section 1111 in a format and, to the extent practicable, in a language such parents understand.’’; 
(8) by striking subsection (g) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(g) F
AMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION PRO-
GRAMS .—In a State operating a program under 
part E of title IV, each local educational agency or school that receives assistance under this part shall inform parents and organizations of the existence of the program.’’; and 
(9) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘parental in-
volvement policies’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policies’’. 
SEC. 1011. PARTICIPATION OF CHILDREN EN-
ROLLED IN PRIVATE SCHOOLS. 
Section 1117, as redesignated by section 
1000(3), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent consistent 
with the number of eligible children identified under section 1115(c) in the school district served by a local educational agency who are enrolled in private elementary schools and sec-ondary schools, a local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(A) after timely and meaningful consultation 
with appropriate private school officials, pro-vide such children, on an equitable basis and in-dividually or in combination, as requested by the officials to best meet the needs of such chil-dren, special educational services, instructional services (including evaluations to determine the progress being made in meeting such students’ academic needs), counseling, mentoring, one-on- one tutoring, or other benefits under this part (such as dual or concurrent enrollment, edu-cational radio and television, computer equip-ment and materials, other technology, and mo-bile educational services and equipment) that address their needs; and 
‘‘(B) ensure that teachers and families of the 
children participate, on an equitable basis, in services and activities developed pursuant to section 1116.’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) E
QUITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Educational services and 
other benefits for such private school children shall be equitable in comparison to services and other benefits for public school children partici-pating under this part, and shall be provided in a timely manner. 
‘‘(B) O
MBUDSMAN .—To help ensure such eq-
uity for such private school children, teachers, and other educational personnel, the State edu-cational agency involved shall designate an om-budsman to monitor and enforce the require-ments of this part.’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) E
XPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) D ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Expenditures for edu-
cational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall be equal to the pro-portion of funds allocated to participating school attendance areas based on the number of children from low-income families who attend private schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8463 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(ii) P ROPORTIONAL SHARE .—The proportional 
share of funds shall be determined based on the total amount of funds received by the local edu-cational agency under this part prior to any al-lowable expenditures or transfers by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(B) O
BLIGATION OF FUNDS .—Funds allocated 
to a local educational agency for educational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall be obligated in the fiscal year for which the funds are received by the agency. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE OF ALLOCATION .—Each State 
educational agency shall provide notice in a timely manner to the appropriate private school officials in the State of the allocation of funds for educational services and other benefits under this part that the local educational agen-cies have determined are available for eligible private school children. 
‘‘(D) T
ERM OF DETERMINATION .—The local 
educational agency may determine the equitable share under subparagraph (A) each year or every 2 years.’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘agency’’ 
and inserting ‘‘agency, or, in a case described in subsection (b)(6)(C), the State educational agen-cy involved,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘part,’’ and inserting ‘‘part. Such agency and private school officials shall both have the goal of reaching agreement on how to provide equitable and effective programs for eli-gible private school children, the results of which agreement shall be transmitted to the om-budsman designated under subsection (a)(3)(B). Such process shall include consultation’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘the proportion 
of funds’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘(a)(4)’’ and inserting 
‘‘(a)(4)(A)’’ ; and 
(III) by inserting ‘‘, and how that proportion 
of funds is determined’’ after ‘‘such services’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(iv) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(I) whether the agency shall provide services 
directly or through a separate government agen-cy, consortium, entity, or third-party con-tractor; 
‘‘(J) whether to provide equitable services to 
eligible private school children— 
‘‘(i) by creating a pool or pools of funds with 
all of the funds allocated under subsection (a)(4)(A) based on all the children from low-in-come families in a participating school attend-ance area who attend private schools; or 
‘‘(ii) in the agency’s participating school at-
tendance area who attend private schools with the proportion of funds allocated under sub-section (a)(4)(A) based on the number of chil-dren from low-income families who attend pri-vate schools; 
‘‘(K) when, including the approximate time of 
day, services will be provided; and 
‘‘(L) whether to consolidate and use funds 
provided under subsection (a)(4) in coordination with eligible funds available for services to pri-vate school children under applicable programs, as defined in section 8501(b)(1)to provide serv-ices to eligible private school children partici-pating in programs.’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(5) as paragraphs (3) through (6), respectively; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) D
ISAGREEMENT .—If a local educational 
agency disagrees with the views of private school officials with respect to an issue de-scribed in paragraph (1), the local educational agency shall provide in writing to such private school officials the reasons why the local edu-cational agency disagrees.’’; (D) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (B))— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘meaningful’’ before ‘‘con-
sultation’’ in the first sentence; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘The written affirmation 
shall provide the option for private school offi-cials to indicate such officials’ belief that timely and meaningful consultation has not occurred or that the program design is not equitable with respect to eligible private school children.’’ after ‘‘occurred.’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘has taken place’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘has, or attempts at such consultation have, taken place’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (B))— 
(i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘right to complain to’’ and in-
serting ‘‘right to file a complaint with’’; 
(II) by inserting ‘‘asserting’’ after ‘‘State edu-
cational agency’’; 
(III) by striking ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘did not give due 
consideration’’; and 
(IV) by inserting ‘‘, or did not make a decision 
that treats the private school students equitably as required by this section’’ before the period at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to com-
plain,’’ and inserting ‘‘to file a complaint,’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—A State 
educational agency shall provide services under this section directly or through contracts with public or private agencies, organizations, or in-stitutions, if the appropriate private school offi-cials have— 
‘‘(i) requested that the State educational 
agency provide such services directly; and 
‘‘(ii) demonstrated that the local educational 
agency involved has not met the requirements of this section in accordance with the procedures for making such a request, as prescribed by the State educational agency.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
9505’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8503’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘sections 
9503 and 9504’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8503 and 8504’’. 
SEC. 1012. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
Section 1118, as redesignated by section 
1000(4), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
9521’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8521’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(b) F EDERAL FUNDS TOSUPPLEMENT , NOT 
SUPPLANT , NON-FEDERAL FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agency 
or local educational agency shall use Federal funds received under this part only to supple-ment the funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available from State and local sources for the education of stu-dents participating in programs assisted under this part, and not to supplant such funds. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE .—To demonstrate compli-
ance with paragraph (1), a local educational agency shall demonstrate that the methodology used to allocate State and local funds to each school receiving assistance under this part en-sures that such school receives all of the State and local funds it would otherwise receive if it were not receiving assistance under this part. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—No local educational 
agency shall be required to— 
‘‘(A) identify that an individual cost or serv-
ice supported under this part is supplemental; or 
‘‘(B) provide services under this part through 
a particular instructional method or in a par-ticular instructional setting in order to dem-onstrate such agency’s compliance with para-graph (1). 
‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize or permit the Secretary to prescribe the specific methodology a local educational agency uses to allocate State and local funds to each school receiving assist-ance under this part. ‘‘(5) T
IMELINE .—A local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) shall meet the compliance requirement 
under paragraph (2) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act; and 
‘‘(B) may demonstrate compliance with the re-
quirement under paragraph (1) before the end of such 2-year period using the method such local educational agency used on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act.’’. 
SEC. 1013. COORDINATION REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1119, as redesignated by section 
1000(5), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘such as the Early Reading 
First program’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Each local educational agency shall develop agreements with such Head Start agen-cies and other entities to carry out such activi-ties.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘early childhood development pro-grams, such as the Early Reading First pro-gram,’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood edu-cation programs’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘early child-
hood development program such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education program’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘early child-
hood development programs such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘early child-
hood development programs such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
(E) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Early Reading First program 
staff,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘early childhood development 
program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood edu-cation program’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and entities 
carrying out Early Reading First programs’’. 
SEC. 1014. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR. 
Section 1121 (20 U.S.C. 6331) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1121. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS.—Subject to sub-
section (e), from the amount appropriated for payments to States for any fiscal year under section 1002(a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve 0.4 percent to provide assistance 
to the outlying areas in accordance with sub-section (b); and 
‘‘(2) reserve 0.7 percent to provide assistance 
to the Secretary of the Interior in accordance with subsection (d). 
‘‘(b) A
SSISTANCE TO OUTLYING AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) F UNDS RESERVED .—From the amount 
made available for any fiscal year under sub-section (a)(1), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) first reserve $1,000,000 for the Republic of 
Palau, until Palau enters into an agreement for extension of United States educational assist-ance under the Compact of Free Association, and subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary may establish, except that Public Law 95–134, permitting the consolidation of grants, shall not apply; and 
‘‘(B) use the remaining funds to award grants 
to the outlying areas in accordance with para-graphs (2) through (5). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF GRANTS .—The Secretary shall 
allocate the amount available under paragraph (1)(B) to the outlying areas in proportion to their relative numbers of children, aged 5 to 17, inclusive, from families below the poverty level, on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data available from the Department of Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8464 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(3) H OLD-HARMLESS AMOUNTS .—For each fis-
cal year, the amount made available to each outlying area under this subsection shall be— 
‘‘(A) not less than 95 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the number of children counted under para-graph (2) is not less than 30 percent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the outlying area; 
‘‘(B) not less than 90 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is between 15 percent and 30 percent; and 
‘‘(C) not less than 85 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is below 15 percent. 
‘‘(4) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS .—If the amount 
made available under paragraph (1)(B) for any fiscal year is insufficient to pay the full amounts that the outlying areas are eligible to receive under paragraphs (2) and (3) for that fiscal year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce those amounts. 
‘‘(5) U
SES.—Grant funds awarded under para-
graph (1)(A) may be used only— 
‘‘(A) for programs described in this Act, in-
cluding teacher training, curriculum develop-ment, instructional materials, or general school improvement and reform; and 
‘‘(B) to provide direct educational services 
that assist all students with meeting the chal-lenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purpose of this 
section, the term ‘outlying area’ means the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
‘‘(d) A
LLOTMENT TO THE SECRETARY OF THE  
INTERIOR .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount allotted for 
payments to the Secretary of the Interior under subsection (a)(2) for any fiscal year shall be used, in accordance with such criteria as the Secretary may establish, to meet the unique edu-cational needs of— 
‘‘(A) Indian children on reservations served 
by elementary schools and secondary schools for Indian children operated or supported by the Department of the Interior; and 
‘‘(B) out-of-State Indian children in elemen-
tary schools and secondary schools in local edu-cational agencies under special contracts with the Department of the Interior. 
‘‘(2) P
AYMENTS .—From the amount allotted 
for payments to the Secretary of the Interior under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary of the In-terior shall make payments to local educational agencies, on such terms as the Secretary deter-mines will best carry out the purposes of this part, with respect to out-of-State Indian chil-dren described in paragraph (1). The amount of such payment may not exceed, for each such child, the greater of— 
‘‘(A) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the State in which the agency is lo-cated; or 
‘‘(B) 48 percent of such expenditure in the 
United States. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON APPLICABILITY .—If, by 
reason of the application of subsection (a) for any fiscal year, the total amount available for allocation to all States under this part would be less than the amount allocated to all States for fiscal year 2016 under this part, the Secretary shall provide assistance to the outlying areas and the Secretary of the Interior in accordance with this section, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act.’’. 
SEC. 1015. ALLOCATIONS TO STATES. 
Section 1122(a) (20 U.S.C. 6332(a)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘2002–2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2017–2020’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the 
following: ‘‘(3) an amount equal to 100 percent of the 
amount, if any, by which the total amount made available under this subsection for the current fiscal year for which the determination is made exceeds the total amount available to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out sections 1125 and 1125A and such amount shall be divided equally between sections 1125 and 1125A.’’. 
SEC. 1016. ADEQUACY OF FUNDING RULE. 
Section 1125AA (20 U.S.C. 6336) is amended by 
striking the section heading and all that follows through ‘‘Pursuant’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘A
DEQUACY OF FUNDING TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES IN FISCAL YEARS AFTER FIS-
CALYEAR2001.—Pursuant’’. 
SEC. 1017. EDUCATION FINANCE INCENTIVE 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 1125A (20 U.S.C. 6337) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘funds ap-
propriated under subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘funds made available under section 1122(a)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘appro-
priated pursuant to subsection (f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘made available for any fiscal year to carry out this section’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘total 
appropriations’’ and inserting ‘‘the total amount reserved under section 1122(a) to carry out this section’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘clause ‘‘(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this sec-tion for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per student or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the preceding fiscal year was not less than 90 percent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expenditures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall reduce 
the amount of the allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year in the exact propor-tion by which a State fails to meet the require-ment of paragraph (1) by falling below 90 per-cent of both the fiscal effort per student and ag-gregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fis-cal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort required under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial re-
sources of the State.’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (f); (7) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f); and 
(8) in subsection (f), as redesignated by para-
graph (7)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under this 
section’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this sec-tion’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall be’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be—’’. PART B—STATE ASSESSMENT GRANTS 
SEC. 1201. STATE ASSESSMENT GRANTS. 
Part B of title I (20 U.S.C. 6361 et seq.) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART B—STATE ASSESSMENT GRANTS 
‘‘SEC. 1201. GRANTS FOR STATE ASSESSMENTS 
AND RELATED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From amounts 
made available in accordance with section 1203, the Secretary shall make grants to State edu-cational agencies to enable the States to carry out 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) To pay the costs of the development of 
the State assessments and standards adopted under section 1111(b), which may include the costs of working in voluntary partnerships with other States, at the sole discretion of each such State. 
‘‘(2) If a State has developed the assessments 
adopted under section 1111(b), to administer those assessments or to carry out other assess-ment activities described in this part, such as the following: 
‘‘(A) Ensuring the provision of appropriate 
accommodations available to English learners and children with disabilities to improve the rates of inclusion in regular assessments of such children, including professional development ac-tivities to improve the implementation of such accommodations in instructional practice. 
‘‘(B) Developing challenging State academic 
standards and aligned assessments in academic subjects for which standards and assessments are not required under section 1111(b). 
‘‘(C) Developing or improving assessments for 
English learners, including assessments of English language proficiency as required under section 1111(b)(2)(G) and academic assessments in languages other than English to meet the State’s obligations under section 1111(b)(2)(F). 
‘‘(D) Ensuring the continued validity and reli-
ability of State assessments. 
‘‘(E) Refining State assessments to ensure 
their continued alignment with the challenging State academic standards and to improve the alignment of curricula and instructional mate-rials. 
‘‘(F) Developing or improving balanced assess-
ment systems that include summative, interim, and formative assessments, including supporting local educational agencies in developing or im-proving such assessments. 
‘‘(G) At the discretion of the State, refining 
science assessments required under section 1111(b)(2) in order to integrate engineering de-sign skills and practices into such assessments. 
‘‘(H) Developing or improving models to meas-
ure and assess student progress or student growth on State assessments under section 1111(b)(2) and other assessments not required under section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(I) Developing or improving assessments for 
children with disabilities, including alternate assessments aligned to alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities described in section 1111(b)(2)(D), and using the principles of universal design for learning. 
‘‘(J) Allowing for collaboration with institu-
tions of higher education, other research insti-tutions, or other organizations to improve the quality, validity, and reliability of State aca-demic assessments beyond the requirements for such assessments described in section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(K) Measuring student academic achieve-
ment using multiple measures of student aca-demic achievement from multiple sources. 
‘‘(L) Evaluating student academic achieve-
ment through the development of comprehensive academic assessment instruments (such as per-formance and technology-based academic as-sessments, computer adaptive assessments, projects, or extended performance task assess-ments) that emphasize the mastery of standards and aligned competencies in a competency-based education model. 
‘‘(M) Designing the report cards and reports 
under section 1111(h) in an easily accessible, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8465 November 30, 2015 
user friendly-manner that cross-tabulates stu-
dent information by any category the State de-termines appropriate, as long as such cross-tab-ulation— 
‘‘(i) does not reveal personally identifiable in-
formation about an individual student; and 
‘‘(ii) is derived from existing State and local 
reporting requirements. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (a)(2)(M) shall be construed as au-thorizing, requiring, or allowing any additional reporting requirements, data elements, or infor-mation to be reported to the Secretary unless such reporting, data, or information is explicitly authorized under this Act. 
‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving a grant under this section shall submit an annual report to the Secretary describing the State’s activities under the grant and the result of such activities. 
‘‘SEC. 1202. STATE OPTION TO CONDUCT ASSESS-
MENT SYSTEM AUDIT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
under section 1203(a)(3) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall make grants to States to enable the States to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a grant awarded under this 
section to a State for the first time— 
‘‘(A) audit State assessment systems and en-
sure that local educational agencies audit local assessments under subsection (e)(1); 
‘‘(B) execute the State plan under subsection 
(e)(3)(D); and 
‘‘(C) award subgrants under subsection (f); 
and 
‘‘(2) in the case of a grant awarded under this 
section to a State that has previously received a grant under this section— 
‘‘(A) execute the State plan under subsection 
(e)(3)(D); and 
‘‘(B) award subgrants under subsection (f). ‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Each State that re-
ceives a grant under this section shall receive an annual grant amount of not less than $1,500,000. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOCATION .—If a State chooses not to 
apply for a grant under this section, the Sec-retary shall reallocate such grant amount to other States in accordance with the formula de-scribed in section 1203(a)(4)(B). 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—A State desiring to receive 
a grant under this section shall submit an appli-cation to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall require. The ap-plication shall include a description of— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a State that is receiving a 
grant under this section for the first time— 
‘‘(A) the audit the State will carry out under 
subsection (e)(1); and 
‘‘(B) the stakeholder feedback the State will 
seek in designing such audit; 
‘‘(2) in the case of a State that is not receiving 
a grant under this section for the first time, the plan described in subsection (e)(3)(D); and 
‘‘(3) how the State will award subgrants to 
local educational agencies under subsection (f). 
‘‘(e) A
UDITS OF STATE ASSESSMENT SYSTEMS  
ANDLOCAL ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A UDIT REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date a State receives an initial grant under this section, the State shall— 
‘‘(A) conduct a State assessment system audit 
as described in paragraph (3); 
‘‘(B) ensure that each local educational agen-
cy receiving funds under this section— 
‘‘(i) conducts an audit of local assessments 
administered by the local educational agency as described in paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(ii) submits the results of such audit to the 
State; and 
‘‘(C) report the results of each State and local 
educational agency audit conducted under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B), in a format that is widely accessible and publicly available. 
‘‘(2) R
ESOURCES FOR LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), 
each State shall provide local educational agen-cies with resources, such as guidelines and pro-tocols, to assist in conducting and reporting audit results. ‘‘(3) S
TATE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DESCRIP -
TION.—Each State assessment system audit con-
ducted under paragraph (1)(A) shall include— 
‘‘(A) the schedule for the administration of all 
State assessments; 
‘‘(B) for each State assessment— ‘‘(i) the purpose for which the assessment was 
designed and the purpose for which the assess-ment is used; and 
‘‘(ii) the legal authority for the administration 
of the assessment; 
‘‘(C) feedback on such system from stake-
holders, which shall include information such as— 
‘‘(i) how teachers, principals, other school 
leaders, and administrators use assessment data to improve and differentiate instruction; 
‘‘(ii) the timing of release of assessment data; ‘‘(iii) the extent to which assessment data is 
presented in an accessible and understandable format for all stakeholders; 
‘‘(iv) the opportunities, resources, and train-
ing teachers, principals, other school leaders, and administrators are given to review assess-ment results and make effective use of assess-ment data; 
‘‘(v) the distribution of technological resources 
and personnel necessary to administer assess-ments; 
‘‘(vi) the amount of time teachers spend on as-
sessment preparation and administration; 
‘‘(vii) the assessments that administrators, 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, par-ents, and students, if appropriate, do and do not find useful; and 
‘‘(viii) other information as appropriate; and ‘‘(D) a plan, based on the information gath-
ered as a result of the activities described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), to improve and streamline the State assessment system, includ-ing activities such as— 
‘‘(i) eliminating any unnecessary assessments, 
which may include paying the cost associated with terminating procurement contracts; 
‘‘(ii) supporting the dissemination of best 
practices from local educational agencies or other States that have successfully improved as-sessment quality and efficiency to improve teaching and learning; and 
‘‘(iii) supporting local educational agencies or 
consortia of local educational agencies to carry out efforts to streamline local assessment sys-tems and implement a regular process of review and evaluation of assessment use in local edu-cational agencies. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL ASSESSMENT DESCRIPTION .—An 
audit of local assessments conducted in accord-ance with paragraph (1)(B)(i) shall include the same information described in paragraph (3) that is required of a State audit, except that such information shall be included as applicable to the local educational agency and the local assessments. 
‘‘(f) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State shall reserve 
not less than 20 percent of the grant funds awarded to the State under this section to make subgrants to local educational agencies in the State or consortia of such local educational agencies, based on demonstrated need in the agency’s or consortium’s application, to enable such agencies or consortia to improve assess-ment quality and use, and alignment, including, if applicable, alignment to the challenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLICA -
TION.—Each local educational agency, or con-
sortium of local educational agencies, seeking a subgrant under this subsection shall submit an application to the State at such time, in such manner, and containing such other information as determined necessary by the State. The appli-cation shall include a description of the agen-cy’s or consortium’s needs relating to the im-provement of assessment quality, use, and align-ment. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A subgrant awarded 
under this subsection to a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may be 
used to— 
‘‘(A) conduct an audit of local assessments 
under subsection (e)(1)(B)(i); 
‘‘(B) carry out the plan described in sub-
section (e)(3)(D) as it pertains to such agency or consortium; 
‘‘(C) improve assessment delivery systems and 
schedules, including by increasing access to technology and assessment proctors, where ap-propriate; 
‘‘(D) hire instructional coaches, or promote 
teachers who may receive increased compensa-tion to serve as instructional coaches, to support teachers in the development of classroom-based assessments, interpreting assessment data, and designing instruction; 
‘‘(E) provide for appropriate accommodations 
to maximize inclusion of children with disabil-ities and English learners participating in as-sessments; and 
‘‘(F) improve the capacity of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders to disseminate assessment data in an accessible and under-standable format for parents and families, in-cluding for children with disabilities and English learners. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) L OCAL ASSESSMENT .—The term ‘local as-
sessment’ means an academic assessment se-lected and carried out by a local educational agency that is separate from an assessment re-quired under section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 1203. ALLOTMENT OF APPROPRIATED 
FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) A MOUNTS EQUAL TO OR LESSTHANTRIG-
GER AMOUNT .—From amounts made available 
for each fiscal year under subsection 1002(b) that are equal to or less than the amount de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(I), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve one-half of 1 percent for the Bu-
reau of Indian Education; 
‘‘(2) reserve one-half of 1 percent for the out-
lying areas; 
‘‘(3) reserve not more than 20 percent to carry 
out section 1202; and 
‘‘(4) from the remainder, carry out section 
1201 by allocating to each State an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) $3,000,000, except for a fiscal year for 
which the amounts available are insufficient to allocate such amount to each State, the Sec-retary shall ratably reduce such amount for each State; and 
‘‘(B) with respect to any amounts remaining 
after the allocation under subparagraph (A), an amount that bears the same relationship to such total remaining amounts as the number of stu-dents aged 5 through 17 in the State (as deter-mined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total num-ber of such students in all States. 
‘‘(b) A
MOUNTS ABOVE TRIGGER AMOUNT .—For 
any fiscal year for which the amount made available for a fiscal year under subsection 1002(b) exceeds the amount described in section 1111(b)(2)(I), the Secretary shall make such ex-cess amount available as follows: 
‘‘(1) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall first 
use such funds to award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to State educational agencies or con-sortia of State educational agencies that have submitted applications described in subpara-graph (B) to enable such States to carry out the activities described in subparagraphs (C), (H), (I), (J), (K), and (L) of section 1201(a)(2). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATIONS .—A State, or a consortium 
of States, that desires a competitive grant under subparagraph (A) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. The application shall demonstrate that the require-ments of this section will be met for the uses of funds described under subparagraph (A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8466 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(C) A MOUNT OF COMPETITIVE GRANTS .—In 
determining the amount of a grant under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that a State or consortium’s grant, as the case may be, shall include an amount that bears the same re-lationship to the total funds available to carry out this subsection for the fiscal year as the number of students aged 5 through 17 in the State, or, in the case of a consortium, in each State that comprises the consortium, (as deter-mined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total num-ber of such students in all States. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOTMENTS .—Any amounts remaining 
after the Secretary awards funds under para-graph (1) shall be allotted to each State, or con-sortium of States, that did not receive a grant under such paragraph, in an amount that bears the same relationship to the remaining amounts as the number of students aged 5 through 17 in the State, or, in the case of a consortium, in the States of the consortium, (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satis-factory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this part, the term 
‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION .—In making funds available 
to States under this part, the Secretary shall comply with the prohibitions described in sec-tion 8529. 
‘‘SEC. 1204. INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT AND AC-
COUNTABILITY DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) I NNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—The term ‘innovative assessment system’ 
means a system of assessments that may in-clude— 
‘‘(1) competency-based assessments, 
instructionally embedded assessments, interim assessments, cumulative year-end assessments, or performance-based assessments that combine into an annual summative determination for a student, which may be administered through computer adaptive assessments; and 
‘‘(2) assessments that validate when students 
are ready to demonstrate mastery or proficiency and allow for differentiated student support based on individual learning needs. 
‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may provide 
a State educational agency, or a consortium of State educational agencies, in accordance with paragraph (3), with the authority to establish an innovative assessment system (referred to in this section as ‘demonstration authority’). 
‘‘(2) D
EMONSTRATION PERIOD .—In accordance 
with the requirements described in subsection (e), each State educational agency, or consor-tium of State educational agencies, that submits an application under this section shall propose in its application the period of time over which the State educational agency or consortium de-sires to exercise the demonstration authority, ex-cept that such period shall not exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) I
NITIAL DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY AND  
EXPANSION .—During the first 3 years that the 
Secretary provides State educational agencies and consortia with demonstration authority (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘initial dem-onstration period’) the Secretary shall provide such demonstration authority to— 
‘‘(A) a total number of not more than 7 par-
ticipating State educational agencies, including those participating in consortia, that have ap-plications approved under subsection (e); and 
‘‘(B) consortia that include not more than 4 
State educational agencies. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRESS REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the end of the initial demonstration period, and prior to providing additional State edu-cational agencies with demonstration authority, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall publish a report detailing the initial progress of innovative assessment systems car-
ried out through demonstration authority under this section. 
‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The progress report under 
paragraph (1) shall be based on the annual in-formation submitted by participating States de-scribed in subsection (e)(2)(B)(ix) and examine the extent to which— 
‘‘(A) with respect to each innovative assess-
ment system— 
‘‘(i) the State educational agency has solicited 
feedback from teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; 
‘‘(ii) teachers, principals, and other school 
leaders have demonstrated a commitment and capacity to implement or continue to implement the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(iii) substantial evidence exists dem-
onstrating that the innovative assessment sys-tem has been developed in accordance with the requirements of subsection (e); and 
‘‘(B) each State with demonstration authority 
has demonstrated that— 
‘‘(i) the same innovative assessment system 
was used to measure the achievement of all stu-dents that participated in the innovative assess-ment system; and 
‘‘(ii) of the total number of all students, and 
the total number of each of the subgroups of students defined in section 1111(c)(2), eligible to participate in the innovative assessment system in a given year, the State assessed in that year an equal or greater percentage of such eligible students, as measured under section 1111(c)(4)(E), as were assessed in the State in such year using the assessment system under section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF REPORT .—Upon completion of the 
progress report, the Secretary shall provide a re-sponse to the findings of the progress report, in-cluding a description of how the findings of the report will be used— 
‘‘(A) to support State educational agencies 
with demonstration authority through technical assistance; and 
‘‘(B) to inform the peer-review process de-
scribed in subsection (f) for advising the Sec-retary on the awarding of the demonstration authority to the additional State educational agencies described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(4) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE .—The Secretary 
shall make the progress report under this sub-section and the response described in paragraph (3) publicly available on the website of the De-partment. 
‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
require States that have demonstration author-ity to submit any information for the purposes of the progress report that is in addition to the information the State is already required to pro-vide under subsection (e)(2)(B)(x). 
‘‘(d) E
XPANSION OF THE DEMONSTRATION AU-
THORITY .—Upon completion and publication of 
the report described in subsection (c), the Sec-retary may grant demonstration authority to additional State educational agencies or con-sortia that submit an application under sub-section (e). Such State educational agencies or consortia of State educational agencies shall be subject to all of the same terms, conditions, and requirements of this section. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agen-
cy, or consortium of State educational agencies, that desires to participate in the program of demonstration authority under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Such application shall in-
clude a description of the innovative assessment system, the experience the applicant has in im-plementing any components of the innovative assessment system, and the timeline over which the State or consortium proposes to exercise the demonstration authority. In addition, the appli-cation shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) A demonstration that the innovative as-
sessment system will— 
‘‘(i) meet all the requirements of section 
1111(b)(2)(B), except the requirements of clauses (i) and (v) of such section; 
‘‘(ii) be aligned to the challenging State aca-
demic standards and address the depth and breadth of such standards; 
‘‘(iii) express student results or student com-
petencies in terms consistent with the State’s aligned academic achievement standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(iv) generate results that are valid and reli-
able, and comparable, for all students and for each subgroup of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), as compared to the results for such students on the State assessments under section 1111(b)(2); 
‘‘(v) be developed in collaboration with— ‘‘(I) stakeholders representing the interests of 
children with disabilities, English learners, and other vulnerable children; 
‘‘(II) teachers, principals, and other school 
leaders; 
‘‘(III) local educational agencies; ‘‘(IV) parents; and ‘‘(V) civil rights organizations in the State; ‘‘(vi) be accessible to all students, such as by 
incorporating the principles of universal design for learning; 
‘‘(vii) provide teachers, principals, other 
school leaders, students, and parents with time-ly data, disaggregated by each subgroup of stu-dents described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), to inform and improve instructional practice and student supports; 
‘‘(viii) identify which students are not making 
progress toward the challenging State academic standards so that teachers can provide instruc-tional support and targeted interventions to all students; 
‘‘(ix) annually measure the progress of not 
less than the same percentage of all students and students in each of the subgroups of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(c)(2), who are enrolled in schools that are participating in the innovative assessment system and are required to take such assessments, as measured under section 1111(c)(4)(E), as were assessed by schools administering the assessment under section 1111(b)(2); 
‘‘(x) generate an annual, summative achieve-
ment determination, based on the aligned State academic achievement standards under section 1111(b)(1) and based on annual data, for each individual student; and 
‘‘(xi) allow the State educational agency to 
validly and reliably aggregate data from the in-novative assessment system for purposes of— 
‘‘(I) accountability, consistent with the re-
quirements of section 1111(c); and 
‘‘(II) reporting, consistent with the require-
ments of section 1111(h). 
‘‘(B) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will— 
‘‘(i) continue use of the statewide academic 
assessments required under section 1111(b)(2) if such assessments will be used for accountability purposes for the duration of the demonstration authority period; 
‘‘(ii) identify the distinct purposes for each as-
sessment that is part of the innovative assess-ment system; 
‘‘(iii) provide support and training to local 
educational agency and school staff to imple-ment the innovative assessment system described in this subsection; 
‘‘(iv) inform parents of students in partici-
pating local educational agencies about the in-novative assessment system at the beginning of each school year during which the innovative assessment system will be implemented; 
‘‘(v) engage and support teachers in devel-
oping and scoring assessments that are part of the innovative assessment system, including through the use of high-quality professional de-velopment, standardized and calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strategies, consistent with rel-evant nationally recognized professional and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8467 November 30, 2015 
technical standards, to ensure inter-rater reli-
ability and comparability; 
‘‘(vi) acclimate students to the innovative as-
sessment system; 
‘‘(vii) ensure that students with the most sig-
nificant cognitive disabilities may be assessed with alternate assessments consistent with sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(D); 
‘‘(viii) if the State is proposing to administer 
the innovative assessment system initially in a subset of local educational agencies, scale up the innovative assessment system to administer such system statewide, or with additional local educational agencies, in the State’s proposed demonstration authority period; 
‘‘(ix) gather data, solicit regular feedback 
from teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents, and assess the results of each year of the program of demonstration authority under this section, and respond by making needed changes to the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(x) report data from the innovative assess-
ment system annually to the Secretary, includ-ing— 
‘‘(I) demographics of participating local edu-
cational agencies, if such system is not state-wide, and additional local educational agencies if added to the system during the course of the State’s demonstration authority period or 2-year extension, except that such data shall not reveal any personally identifiable information, includ-ing a description of how the inclusion of addi-tional local educational agencies contributes to progress toward achieving high-quality and consistent implementation across demographi-cally diverse local educational agencies throughout the demonstration authority period; 
‘‘(II) the performance of all participating stu-
dents, and for each subgroup of students de-fined in section 1111(c)(2), on the innovative as-sessment, consistent with the requirements in section 1111(h), except that such data shall not reveal any personally identifiable information; 
‘‘(III) feedback from teachers, principals, 
other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment sys-tem; and 
‘‘(IV) if such system is not statewide, a de-
scription of the State’s progress in scaling up the innovative assessment system to additional local educational agencies during the State’s demonstration authority period, as described in clause (viii). 
‘‘(C) A description of the State educational 
agency’s plan to— 
‘‘(i) ensure that all students and each of the 
subgroups of students defined in section 1111(c)(2) participating in the innovative assess-ment system receive the instructional support needed to meet State aligned academic achieve-ment standards; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that each local educational agen-
cy has the technological infrastructure to imple-ment the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(iii) hold all schools in the local educational 
agencies participating in the program of dem-onstration authority accountable for meeting the State’s expectations for student achieve-ment. 
‘‘(D) If the innovative assessment system will 
initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies— 
‘‘(i) a description of the local educational 
agencies within the State educational agency that will participate, including what criteria the State has for approving any additional local educational agencies to participate during the demonstration authority period; 
‘‘(ii) assurances from such local educational 
agencies that such agencies will comply with the requirements of this subsection; 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the State will— ‘‘(I) ensure that the inclusion of additional 
local educational agencies contributes to progress toward achieving high-quality and consistent implementation across demographi-cally diverse local educational agencies during the demonstration authority period; and ‘‘(II) ensure that the participating local edu-
cational agencies, as a group, will be demo-graphically similar to the State as a whole by the end of the State’s demonstration authority period; and 
‘‘(iv) a description of the State educational 
agency’s plan to hold all students and each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2), to the same high standard as other students in the State. 
‘‘(f) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) implement a peer-review process to in-
form— 
‘‘(A) the awarding of demonstration authority 
under this section and the approval to operate an innovative assessment system for the pur-poses of subsections (b)(2) and (c) of section 1111, as described in subsection (h); and 
‘‘(B) determinations about whether an inno-
vative assessment system— 
‘‘(i) is comparable to the State assessments 
under section 1111(b)(2)(B)(v), valid, reliable, of high technical quality, and consistent with rel-evant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards; and 
‘‘(ii) provides an unbiased, rational, and con-
sistent determination of progress toward the goals described under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(i) for all students; 
‘‘(2) ensure that the peer-review team consists 
of practitioners and experts who are knowledge-able about the innovative assessment system being proposed for all participating students, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) individuals with past experience devel-
oping systems of assessment innovation that support all students, including English learners, children with disabilities, and disadvantaged students; and 
‘‘(B) individuals with experience implementing 
innovative assessment and accountability sys-tems; 
‘‘(3) make publicly available the applications 
submitted under subsection (c) and the peer-re-view comments and recommendations regarding such applications; 
‘‘(4) make a determination and inform the 
State regarding approval or disapproval of the application under subsection (c) not later than 90 days after receipt of the complete application; 
‘‘(5) if the Secretary disapproves an applica-
tion under paragraph (4), offer the State an op-portunity to— 
‘‘(A) revise and resubmit such application 
within 60 days of the disapproval determination; and 
‘‘(B) submit additional evidence that the 
State’s application meets the requirements of subsection (c); and 
‘‘(6) make a determination regarding applica-
tion approval or disapproval of a resubmitted application under paragraph (5) not later than 45 days after receipt of the resubmitted applica-tion. 
‘‘(g) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may extend 
an authorization of demonstration authority under this section for an additional 2 years if the State educational agency demonstrates with evidence that the State educational agency’s in-novative assessment system is continuing to meet the requirements of subsection (c), includ-ing by demonstrating a plan for, and the capac-ity to, transition to statewide use of the innova-tive assessment system by the end of the 2-year extension period. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT SYS-
TEM.—A State may, during the State’s approved 
demonstration authority period or 2-year exten-sion, include results from the innovative assess-ment systems developed under this section in ac-countability determinations for each student in the participating local educational agencies in-stead of, or in addition to, results from the as-sessment system under section 1111(b)(2) if the State demonstrates that the State has met the requirements under subsection (c). The State shall continue to meet all other requirements of section 1111(c). ‘‘(i) W
ITHDRAWAL OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary shall withdraw the authorization for demonstration authority provided to a State educational agency under this section and such State shall return to use of the statewide assess-ment system under section 1111(b)(2) for all local educational agencies in the State if, at any time during a State’s approved demonstration au-thority period or 2-year extension, the State educational agency cannot present to the Sec-retary evidence that the innovative assessment system developed under this section— 
‘‘(1) meets the requirements under subsection 
(c); 
‘‘(2) includes all students attending schools 
participating in the innovative assessment sys-tem in a State that has demonstration author-ity, including each of the subgroups of students, as defined under section 1111(c)(2); 
‘‘(3) provides an unbiased, rational, and con-
sistent determination of progress toward the goals described under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(i) for all students, which are comparable to measures of academic achievement under section 1111(c)(4)(B)(i) across the State in which the local educational agencies are located; 
‘‘(4) presents a high-quality plan to transition 
to full statewide use of the innovative assess-ment system by the end of the State’s approved demonstration authority period or 2-year exten-sion, if the innovative assessment system will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(5) demonstrates comparability to the state-
wide assessments under section 1111(b)(2) in content coverage, difficulty, and quality. 
‘‘(j) T
RANSITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) O PERATION OF INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT  
SYSTEM .—If, after a State’s approved dem-
onstration authority period or 2-year extension, the State educational agency has met all the re-quirements of this section, including having scaled the innovative assessment system up to statewide use, and demonstrated that such sys-tem is of high quality, as described in subpara-graph (B), the State shall be permitted to oper-ate the innovative assessment system approved under the program of demonstration authority under this section for the purposes of sub-sections (b)(2) and (c) of section 1111. 
‘‘(B) H
IGH QUALITY .—Such system shall be 
considered of high quality if the Secretary, through the peer-review process described in section 1111(a)(4), determines that— 
‘‘(i) the innovative assessment system meets 
all of the requirements of this section; 
‘‘(ii) the State has examined the effects of the 
system on other measures of student success, in-cluding indicators in the accountability system under section 1111(c)(4)(B); 
‘‘(iii) the innovative assessment system pro-
vides coherent and timely information about student achievement based on the challenging State academic standards, including objective measurement of academic achievement, knowl-edge, and skills that are valid, reliable, and con-sistent with relevant, nationally-recognized pro-fessional and technical standards; 
‘‘(iv) the State has solicited feedback from 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the inno-vative assessment system; and 
‘‘(v) the State has demonstrated that the same 
innovative assessment system was used to meas-ure— 
‘‘(I) the achievement of all students that par-
ticipated in such innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(II) not less than the percentage of such stu-
dents overall and in each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2), as measured under section 1111(c)(4)(E), as were assessed under the assessment required by sec-tion 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) B
ASELINE .—For the purposes of the eval-
uation described in paragraph (1), the baseline year shall be considered the first year that each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8468 November 30, 2015 
local educational agency in the State used the 
innovative assessment system. 
‘‘(3) W AIVER AUTHORITY .—A State may re-
quest, and the Secretary shall review such re-quest and may grant, a delay of the withdrawal of authority under subsection (i) for the purpose of providing the State with the time necessary to implement the innovative assessment system statewide, if, at the conclusion of the State’s ap-proved demonstration authority period and 2- year extension— 
‘‘(A) the State has met all of the requirements 
of this section, except transition to full state-wide use of the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(B) the State continues to comply with the 
other requirements of this section, and dem-onstrates a high-quality plan for transition to statewide use of the innovative assessment sys-tem in a reasonable period of time. 
‘‘(k) A
VAILABLE FUNDS.—A State may use 
funds available under section 1201 to carry out this section. 
‘‘(l) C
ONSORTIUM .—A consortium of States 
may apply to participate in the program of dem-onstration authority under this section, and the Secretary may provide each State member of such consortium with such authority if each such State member meets all of the requirements of this section. Such consortium shall be subject to the limitation described in subsection (b)(3)(B) during the initial 3 years of the dem-onstration authority. 
‘‘(m) D
ISSEMINATION OF BESTPRACTICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Following the publication 
of the progress report described in subsection (c), the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall collect and disseminate the best practices on the development and implementation of inno-vative assessment systems that meet the require-ments of this section, including best practices re-garding the development of— 
‘‘(A) summative assessments that— ‘‘(i) meet the requirements of section 
1111(b)(2)(B); 
‘‘(ii) are comparable with statewide assess-
ments under section 1111(b)(2); and 
‘‘(iii) include assessment tasks that determine 
proficiency or mastery of State-approved com-petencies aligned to challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(B) effective supports for local educational 
agencies and school staff to implement innova-tive assessment systems; 
‘‘(C) effective engagement and support of 
teachers in developing and scoring assessments and the use of high-quality professional devel-opment; 
‘‘(D) effective supports for all students, par-
ticularly each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2), participating in the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(E) standardized and calibrated scoring ru-
brics, and other strategies, to ensure inter-rater reliability and comparability of determinations of mastery or proficiency across local edu-cational agencies and the State. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall make 
the information described in paragraph (1) available on the website of the Department and shall publish an update to the information not less often than once every 3 years.’’. 
PART C—EDUCATION OF MIGRATORY 
CHILDREN 
SEC. 1301. EDUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHIL-
DREN. 
(a) P ROGRAM PURPOSES .—Section 1301 (20 
U.S.C. 6391) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1301. PROGRAM PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are as follows: 
‘‘(1) To assist States in supporting high-qual-
ity and comprehensive educational programs and services during the school year and, as ap-plicable, during summer or intersession periods, that address the unique educational needs of migratory children. ‘‘(2) To ensure that migratory children who 
move among the States are not penalized in any manner by disparities among the States in cur-riculum, graduation requirements, and chal-lenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(3) To ensure that migratory children receive 
full and appropriate opportunities to meet the same challenging State academic standards that all children are expected to meet. 
‘‘(4) To help migratory children overcome edu-
cational disruption, cultural and language bar-riers, social isolation, various health-related problems, and other factors that inhibit the abil-ity of such children to succeed in school. 
‘‘(5) To help migratory children benefit from 
State and local systemic reforms.’’. 
(b) S
TATE ALLOCATIONS .—Section 1303 (20 
U.S.C. 6393) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) through 
(e) as subsections (d) through (f), respectively; 
(2) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(a) S TATE ALLOCATIONS .—Except as provided 
in subsection (c), each State (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) is entitled to re-ceive under this part an amount equal to the product of— 
‘‘(1) the sum of— ‘‘(A) the average number of identified eligible 
migratory children aged 3 through 21 residing in the State, based on data for the preceding 3 years; and 
‘‘(B) the number of identified eligible migra-
tory children, aged 3 through 21, who received services under this part in summer or interses-sion programs provided by the State during the previous year; multiplied by 
‘‘(2) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the State, except that the amount determined under this paragraph shall not be less than 32 percent, nor more than 48 percent, of the average per-pupil expenditure in the United States. 
‘‘(b) H
OLDHARMLESS .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, no State shall receive less than 90 percent of the State’s allocation under this section for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) A
LLOCATION TO PUERTO RICO.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the 
grant that the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall be eligible to receive under this part shall be the amount determined by multiplying the number of children who would be counted under subsection (a)(1) if such subsection applied to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico by the prod-uct of— 
‘‘(A) the percentage that the average per- 
pupil expenditure in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico is of the lowest average per-pupil expenditure of any of the 50 States, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3); and 
‘‘(B) 32 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the United States. 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percentage 
described in paragraph (1)(A) shall not be less than 85 percent. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—If the application of para-
graph (2) for any fiscal year would result in any of the 50 States or the District of Columbia re-ceiving less under this part than it received under this part for the preceding fiscal year, then the percentage described in paragraph (1)(A) that is used for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for the fiscal year for which the de-termination is made shall be the greater of the percentage in paragraph (1)(A) for such fiscal year or the percentage used for the preceding fiscal year.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d), as redesignated by para-
graph (1)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(A) If, 
after’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS .—If, after’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B) If additional’’ and insert-
ing the following: ‘‘(B) R
EALLOCATION .—If additional’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘purpose’’ and inserting ‘‘pur-
poses’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(A) The 
Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) F
URTHER REDUCTIONS .—The Secretary’’; 
and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) The 
Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) R EALLOCATION .—The Secretary’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(3)(B), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘welfare or edu-cational attainment of children’’ and inserting ‘‘academic achievement of children’’; 
(5) in subsection (f), as redesignated by para-
graph (1)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘estimated’’ and inserting ‘‘identified’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) use the most recent information that most 
accurately reflects the actual number of migra-tory children;’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) develop and implement a procedure for 
monitoring the accuracy of such information;’’; 
(E) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C)— 
(i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘full-time equivalent’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘special needs’’ and inserting 
‘‘unique needs’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘special programs provided 
under this part’’ and inserting ‘‘effective special programs provided under this part’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (5), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C), by striking ‘‘the child whose education has been interrupted’’ and inserting ‘‘migratory children, including the most at-risk migratory children’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) N
ONPARTICIPATING STATES .—In the case 
of a State desiring to receive an allocation under this part for a fiscal year that did not re-ceive an allocation for the previous fiscal year or that has been participating for less than 3 consecutive years, the Secretary shall calculate the State’s number of identified migratory chil-dren aged 3 through 21 for purposes of sub-section (a)(1)(A) by using the most recent data available that identifies the migratory children residing in the State until data is available to calculate the 3-year average number of such children in accordance with such subsection.’’. 
(c) S
TATE APPLICATIONS ; SERVICES .—Section 
1304 (20 U.S.C. 6394) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘special educational needs’’ 
and inserting ‘‘unique educational needs’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘and migratory children who 
have dropped out of school’’ after ‘‘preschool migratory children’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘migrant children’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘migratory children’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘part A or B of title III’’ and 
inserting ‘‘part A of title III’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (D) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(D) measurable program objectives and out-
comes;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘challenging 
State academic content standards and chal-lenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, consistent 
with procedures the Secretary may require,’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8469 November 30, 2015 
(E) by striking paragraph (6); 
(F) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-
graph (6); and 
(G) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (F), by striking ‘‘who have parents who do not have a high school diploma’’ and in-serting ‘‘whose parents do not have a high school diploma’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘, satisfactory to the Secretary,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subsections 
(b) and (c) of section 1120A, and part I’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsections (b) and (c) of section 1118, and part F’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘parent advisory councils’’ and 
inserting ‘‘parents of migratory children, in-cluding parent advisory councils,’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of 1 school year in duration’’ 
and inserting ‘‘not less than 1 school year in du-ration’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 
1118’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1116’’; 
(D) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and mi-
gratory children who have dropped out of school’’ after ‘‘preschool migratory children’’; 
(E) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-
graph (8); 
(F) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(6) such programs and projects will provide 
for outreach activities for migratory children and their families to inform such children and families of other education, health, nutrition, and social services to help connect them to such services; 
‘‘(7) to the extent feasible, such programs and 
projects will provide for— 
‘‘(A) advocacy and other outreach activities 
for migratory children and their families, in-cluding helping such children and families gain access to other education, health, nutrition, and social services; 
‘‘(B) professional development programs, in-
cluding mentoring, for teachers and other pro-gram personnel; 
‘‘(C) family literacy programs; ‘‘(D) the integration of information tech-
nology into educational and related programs; and 
‘‘(E) programs to facilitate the transition of 
secondary school students to postsecondary edu-cation or employment; and’’; and 
(G) in paragraph (8), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (E), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(B)(i) of section 1303(a), through such procedures as the Secretary may require’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1303(a)(1)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY FOR SERVICES .—In providing 
services with funds received under this part, each recipient of such funds shall give priority to migratory children who have made a quali-fying move within the previous 1-year period and who— 
‘‘(1) are failing, or most at risk of failing, to 
meet the challenging State academic standards; or 
‘‘(2) have dropped out of school.’’; and (4) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘secondary 
school students’’ and inserting ‘‘students’’. 
(d) S
ECRETARIAL APPROVAL ; PEERREVIEW .— 
Section 1305 (20 U.S.C. 6395) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1305. SECRETARIAL APPROVAL; PEER RE-
VIEW. 
‘‘The Secretary shall approve each State ap-
plication that meets the requirements of this part, and may review any such application with the assistance and advice of State officials and other officials with relevant expertise.’’. 
(e) C
OMPREHENSIVE NEEDS ASSESSMENT AND  
SERVICE -DELIVERY PLAN; AUTHORIZED ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 1306 (20 U.S.C. 6396) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘special’’ and inserting ‘‘unique’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘section 9302’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8302’’; and 
(ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘special’’ and in-
serting ‘‘unique’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State academic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘part A 
or B of title III’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title III’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall have 
the flexibility to’’ and inserting ‘‘retains the flexibility to’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘special edu-
cational’’ and inserting ‘‘unique educational’’. 
(f) B
YPASS .—Section 1307 (20 U.S.C. 6397) is 
amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘nonprofit’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘welfare or 
educational attainment’’ and inserting ‘‘edu-cational achievement’’. 
(g) C
OORDINATION OF MIGRANT EDUCATION  
ACTIVITIES .—Section 1308 (20 U.S.C. 6398) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘nonprofit’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘through’’ after ‘‘including’’; 
and 
(C) by striking ‘‘students’’ and inserting 
‘‘children’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘developing 
effective methods for’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘The Secretary, in consultation’’ and all that follows through ‘‘include—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the States, shall ensure the linkage of mi-grant student record systems for the purpose of electronically exchanging, among the States, health and educational information regarding all migratory students eligible under this part. The Secretary shall ensure that such linkage oc-curs in a cost-effective manner, utilizing systems used by the States prior to, or developed after, the date of the enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. Such information may include—’’; 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘required under 
section 1111(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 1111(b)(2)’’; and 
(III) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘high stand-
ards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State aca-demic standards’’; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-
paragraph (C); 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
maintain ongoing consultation with the States, local educational agencies, and other migratory student service providers on— 
‘‘(i) the effectiveness of the system described 
in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) the ongoing improvement of such sys-
tem.’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by 
clause (ii)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘the proposed data elements’’ 
and inserting ‘‘any new proposed data ele-ments’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘Such publication shall occur 
not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001.’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (4). (h) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1309 (20 U.S.C. 
6399) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘non-
profit’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(2) M IGRATORY AGRICULTURAL WORKER .— 
The term ‘migratory agricultural worker’ means an individual who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months and, after doing so, en-gaged in new temporary or seasonal employment or personal subsistence in agriculture, which may be dairy work or the initial processing of raw agricultural products. If an individual did not engage in such new employment soon after a qualifying move, such individual may be con-sidered a migratory agricultural worker if the individual actively sought such new employ-ment and has a recent history of moves for tem-porary or seasonal agricultural employment. 
‘‘(3) M
IGRATORY CHILD .—The term ‘migratory 
child’ means a child or youth who made a quali-fying move in the preceding 36 months— 
‘‘(A) as a migratory agricultural worker or a 
migratory fisher; or 
‘‘(B) with, or to join, a parent or spouse who 
is a migratory agricultural worker or a migra-tory fisher. 
‘‘(4) M
IGRATORY FISHER .—The term ‘migratory 
fisher’ means an individual who made a quali-fying move in the preceding 36 months and, after doing so, engaged in new temporary or seasonal employment or personal subsistence in fishing. If the individual did not engage in such new employment soon after the move, the indi-vidual may be considered a migratory fisher if the individual actively sought such new employ-ment and has a recent history of moves for tem-porary or seasonal fishing employment. 
‘‘(5) Q
UALIFYING MOVE .—The term ‘qualifying 
move’ means a move due to economic necessity— 
‘‘(A) from one residence to another residence; 
and 
‘‘(B) from one school district to another school 
district, except— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a State that is comprised of 
a single school district, wherein a qualifying move is from one administrative area to another within such district; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school district of more 
than 15,000 square miles, wherein a qualifying move is a distance of 20 miles or more to a tem-porary residence.’’. 
PART D—PREVENTION AND INTERVEN-
TION PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHO ARE NEGLECTED, DELIN-QUENT, OR AT-RISK 
SEC. 1401. PREVENTION AND INTERVENTION 
PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHO ARE NEGLECTED, DE-LINQUENT, OR AT-RISK. 
Part D of title I (20 U.S.C. 6421 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 1401(a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘youth in 
local’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘challenging State academic 
content standards and challenging State stu-dent academic achievement standards’’ and in-serting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and the 
involvement of their families and communities’’ after ‘‘to ensure their continued education’’; 
(2) in section 1412(b), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percentage 
in paragraph (1)(A) shall not be less than 85 percent.’’; 
(3) in section 1414— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘from cor-
rectional facilities to locally operated programs’’ and inserting ‘‘between correctional facilities and locally operated programs’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘the program goals, objec-
tives, and performance measures established by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8470 November 30, 2015 
the State’’ and inserting ‘‘the program objectives 
and outcomes established by the State’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(III) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); 
(IV) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) describe how the State will place a pri-
ority for such children to attain a regular high school diploma, to the extent feasible;’’; 
(V) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by 
subclause (III)— 
(aa) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(bb) by striking clause (ii) and redesignating 
clause (iii) as clause (ii); and 
(cc) by striking clause (iv); and (VI) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) provide assurances that the State edu-
cational agency has established— 
‘‘(i) procedures to ensure the timely re-enroll-
ment of each student who has been placed in the juvenile justice system in secondary school or in a re-entry program that best meets the needs of the student, including the transfer of credits that such student earns during place-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) opportunities for such students to par-
ticipate in credit-bearing coursework while in secondary school, postsecondary education, or career and technical education programming.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and, to the 
extent practicable, provide for such assessment upon entry into a correctional facility’’ after ‘‘to be served under this subpart’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (6)— (I) by striking ‘‘carry out the evaluation re-
quirements of section 9601 and how’’ and insert-ing ‘‘use’’; 
(II) by inserting ‘‘under section 8601’’ after 
‘‘recent evaluation’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘will be used’’; (iii) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘section 
9521’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8521’’; 
(iv) paragraph (8)— (I) by striking ‘‘Public Law 105–220’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; 
(v) in paragraph (9)— 
(I) by inserting ‘‘and after’’ after ‘‘prior to’’; 
and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘in order to facilitate the 
transition of such children and youth between the correctional facility and the local edu-cational agency or alternative education pro-gram’’ after ‘‘the local educational agency or al-ternative education program’’; 
(vi) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘transition 
of children and youth from such facility or in-stitution to’’ and inserting ‘‘transition of such children and youth between such facility or in-stitution and’’; 
(vii) in paragraph (16)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and attain a regular high 
school diploma’’ after ‘‘to encourage the chil-dren and youth to reenter school’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘achieve a secondary school 
diploma’’ and inserting ‘‘attain a regular high school diploma’’; 
(viii) in paragraph (17), by inserting ‘‘certified 
or licensed’’ after ‘‘provides an assurance that’’; 
(ix) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(x) in paragraph (19), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(xi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) describes how the State agency will, to 
the extent feasible— 
‘‘(A) note when a youth has come into contact 
with both the child welfare and juvenile justice systems; and ‘‘(B) deliver services and interventions de-
signed to keep such youth in school that are evi-dence-based (to the extent a State determines that such evidence is reasonably available).’’; 
(4) in section 1415— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘voca-
tional or technical training’’ and inserting ‘‘ca-reer and technical education’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) may include— ‘‘(i) the acquisition of equipment; ‘‘(ii) pay-for-success initiatives; or ‘‘(iii) providing targeted services for youth 
who have come in contact with both the child welfare system and juvenile justice system;’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the State’s 
challenging academic content standards and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
(bb) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘supplement 
and improve’’ and inserting ‘‘respond to the educational needs of such children and youth, including by supplementing and improving’’; and 
(cc) in clause (iii)— (AA) by striking ‘‘challenging State academic 
achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘chal-lenging State academic standards’’; and 
(BB) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 1120A and part I’’ 
and inserting ‘‘section 1118 and part F’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(IV) by striking subparagraph (D); and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
1120A’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1118’’; 
(5) in section 1416— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘challenging State academic 
content standards and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘chal-lenging State academic standards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘complete secondary school, 
attain a secondary diploma’’ and inserting ‘‘at-tain a regular high school diploma’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘pupil’’ and inserting ‘‘special-
ized instructional support’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, and how relevant and ap-
propriate academic records and plans regarding the continuation of educational services for such children or youth are shared jointly be-tween the State agency operating the institution or program and local educational agency in order to facilitate the transition of such children and youth between the local educational agency and the State agency’’ after ‘‘children and youth described in paragraph (1)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘student 
progress’’ and inserting ‘‘and improve student achievement’’; 
(6) in section 1418(a)— 
(A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) projects that facilitate the transition of 
children and youth between State-operated in-stitutions, or institutions in the State operated by the Secretary of the Interior, and schools served by local educational agencies or schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; or’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ each place the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘secondary’’ and inserting ‘‘regular high’’; 
(7) in section 1419— (A) by striking the section heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘for a fiscal year’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘to provide’’ and inserting ‘‘for 
a fiscal year to provide’’; (8) in section 1421(3), by inserting ‘‘, including 
schools operated or funded by the Bureau of In-dian Education,’’ after ‘‘local schools’’; 
(9) in section 1422(d), by striking ‘‘impact on 
meeting the transitional’’ and inserting ‘‘impact on meeting such transitional’’; 
(10) in section 1423— (A) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such facilities operated by the Secretary of the Interior and Indian tribes’’ after ‘‘the ju-venile justice system’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) a description of the program operated by 
participating schools to facilitate the successful transition of children and youth returning from correctional facilities and, as appropriate, the types of services that such schools will provide such children and youth and other at-risk chil-dren and youth;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (7)— (i) by inserting ‘‘institutions of higher edu-
cation or’’ after ‘‘partnerships with’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘develop training, curriculum- 
based youth entrepreneurship education’’ and inserting ‘‘facilitate postsecondary and work-force success for children and youth returning from correctional facilities, such as through par-ticipation in credit-bearing coursework while in secondary school, enrollment in postsecondary education, participation in career and technical education programming’’; 
(D) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘and family 
members’’ after ‘‘will involve parents’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘vocational’’ 
and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘regular’’ 
and inserting ‘‘traditional’’; 
(11) in section 1424— (A) in the matter before paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Funds provided’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Funds provided’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, includ-
ing’’ and all that follows through ‘‘gang mem-bers’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting ‘‘ca-
reer’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (D) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; 
(E) by inserting the following after paragraph 
(5): 
‘‘(6) programs for at-risk Indian children and 
youth, including such children and youth in correctional facilities in the area served by the local educational agency that are operated by the Secretary of the Interior or Indian tribes; and 
‘‘(7) pay for success initiatives.’’; and (F) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—A local edu-
cational agency may use a subgrant received under this subpart to carry out the activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (7) of sub-section (a) directly or through subgrants, con-tracts, or cooperative agreements.’’; 
(12) in section 1425— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and attain a regular high 
school diploma’’ after ‘‘reenter school’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘a secondary school diploma’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a regular high school diploma’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘high aca-
demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
(C) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘vocational’’ 
and inserting ‘‘career’’; 
(D) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(E) in paragraph (11), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) upon the child’s or youth’s entry into 
the correctional facility, work with the child’s or youth’s family members and the local edu-cational agency that most recently provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8471 November 30, 2015 
services to the child or youth (if applicable) to 
ensure that the relevant and appropriate aca-demic records and plans regarding the continu-ation of educational services for such child or youth are shared jointly between the correc-tional facility and local educational agency in order to facilitate the transition of such children and youth between the local educational agency and the correctional facility; and 
‘‘(13) consult with the local educational agen-
cy for a period jointly determined necessary by the correctional facility and local educational agency upon discharge from that facility, to co-ordinate educational services so as to minimize disruption to the child’s or youth’s achieve-ment.’’; 
(13) in section 1426— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘reducing 
dropout rates for male students and for female students over a 3-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘the number of children and youth attaining a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘obtaining a secondary school 
diploma’’ and inserting ‘‘attaining a regular high school diploma’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘obtaining employment’’ and 
inserting ‘‘attaining employment’’; 
(14) in section 1431(a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
inserting ‘‘while protecting individual student privacy,’’ after ‘‘age’’; 
(B) striking ‘‘secondary’’ each place the term 
appears and inserting ‘‘high’’; 
(C) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and to 
graduate from high school in the number of years established by the State under either the four-year adjusted cohort graduation rate or the extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate, if applicable’’ after ‘‘educational achievement’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or school 
operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education’’ after ‘‘local educational agency’’; and 
(15) in section 1432(2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘dependency adjudication, or 
delinquency adjudication,’’ after ‘‘failure,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘has limited English pro-
ficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘is an English learner’’; and 
(C) by inserting ‘‘or child welfare system’’ 
after ‘‘juvenile justice system’’. 
PART E—FLEXIBILITY FOR EQUITABLE 
PER-PUPIL FUNDING 
SEC. 1501. FLEXIBILITY FOR EQUITABLE PER- 
PUPIL FUNDING. 
(a) R EORGANIZATION .—Title I (20 U.S.C. 6571 
et seq.), as amended by this title, is further amended— 
(1) by striking parts E through H; (2) by redesignating part I as part F; (3) by striking sections 1907 and 1908; (4) by redesignating sections 1901 through 1903 
as sections 1601 through 1603, respectively; and 
(5) by redesignating sections 1905 and 1906 as 
sections 1604 and 1605, respectively. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—Title I (20 U.S.C. 6571 et 
seq.), as amended by this title, is further amend-ed by inserting after section 1432 the following: 
‘‘PART E—FLEXIBILITY FOR EQUITABLE 
PER-PUPIL FUNDING 
‘‘SEC. 1501. FLEXIBILITY FOR EQUITABLE PER- 
PUPIL FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the program 
under this section is to provide local educational agencies with flexibility to consolidate eligible Federal funds and State and local education funding in order to create a single school fund-ing system based on weighted per-pupil alloca-tions for low-income and otherwise disadvan-taged students. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized 
to enter into local flexibility demonstration agreements— ‘‘(A) for not more than 3 years with local edu-
cational agencies that are selected under sub-section (c) and submit proposed agreements that meet the requirements of subsection (d); and 
‘‘(B) under which such agencies may consoli-
date and use funds in accordance with sub-section (d) in order to develop and implement a school funding system based on weighted per- pupil allocations for low-income and otherwise disadvantaged students. 
‘‘(2) F
LEXIBILITY .—Except as described in sub-
section (d)(1)(I), the Secretary is authorized to waive, for local educational agencies entering into agreements under this section, any provi-sion of this Act that would otherwise prevent such agency from using eligible Federal funds as part of such agreement. 
‘‘(c) S
ELECTION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter 
into local flexibility demonstration agreements with not more than 50 local educational agen-cies with an approved application under sub-section (d). 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION .—Each local educational 
agency shall be selected based on such agency— 
‘‘(A) submitting a proposed local flexibility 
demonstration agreement under subsection (d); 
‘‘(B) demonstrating that the agreement meets 
the requirements of such subsection; and 
‘‘(C) agreeing to meet the continued dem-
onstration requirements under subsection (e). 
‘‘(3) E XPANSION .—Beginning with the 2019– 
2020 academic year, the Secretary may extend funding flexibility authorized under this section to any local educational agency that submits and has approved an application under sub-section (d), as long as a significant majority of the demonstration agreements with local edu-cational agencies described in paragraph (1) meet the requirements of subsection (d)(2) and subsection (e)(1) as of the end of the 2018–2019 academic year. 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIRED TERMS OF LOCAL FLEXIBILITY  
DEMONSTRATION AGREEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATION .—Each local educational 
agency that desires to participate in the pro-gram under this section shall submit, at such time and in such form as the Secretary may pre-scribe, an application to enter into a local flexi-bility demonstration agreement with the Sec-retary in order to develop and implement a school funding system based on weighted per- pupil allocations that meets the requirements of this section. The application shall include— 
‘‘(A) a description of the school funding sys-
tem based on weighted per-pupil allocations, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) the weights used to allocate funds within 
such system; 
‘‘(ii) the local educational agency’s legal au-
thority to use State and local education funds consistent with this section; 
‘‘(iii) how such system will meet the require-
ments of paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(iv) how such system will support the aca-
demic achievement of students, including low- income students, the lowest-achieving students, English learners, and children with disabilities; 
‘‘(B) a list of funding sources, including eligi-
ble Federal funds, the local educational agency will include in such system; 
‘‘(C) a description of the amount and percent-
age of total local educational agency funding, including State and local education funds and eligible Federal funds, that will be allocated through such system; 
‘‘(D) the per-pupil expenditures (which shall 
include actual personnel expenditures, includ-ing staff salary differentials for years of em-ployment, and actual nonpersonnel expendi-tures) of State and local education funds for each school served by the agency for the pre-ceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(E) the per-pupil amount of eligible Federal 
funds each school served by the agency received in the preceding fiscal year, disaggregated by the programs supported by the eligible Federal funds; ‘‘(F) a description of how such system will en-
sure that any eligible Federal funds allocated through the system will meet the purposes of each Federal program supported by such funds, including serving students from low-income fam-ilies, English learners, migratory children, and children who are neglected, delinquent, or at risk, as applicable; 
‘‘(G) an assurance that the local educational 
agency developed and will implement the local flexibility demonstration agreement in consulta-tion with teachers, principals, other school lead-ers (including charter school leaders in a local educational agency that has charter schools), administrators of Federal programs impacted by the agreement, parents, community leaders, and other relevant stakeholders; 
‘‘(H) an assurance that the local educational 
agency will use fiscal control and sound ac-counting procedures that ensure proper dis-bursement of, and accounting for, eligible Fed-eral funds consolidated and used under such system; 
‘‘(I) an assurance that the local educational 
agency will continue to meet the requirements of sections 1117, 1118, and 8501; and 
‘‘(J) an assurance that the local educational 
agency will meet the requirements of all applica-ble Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the agreement and in consolidating and using funds under the agreement. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS OF THE SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agen-
cy’s school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations shall— 
‘‘(i) except as allowed under clause (iv), allo-
cate a significant portion of funds, including State and local education funds and eligible Federal funds, to the school level based on the number of students in a school and a formula developed by the agency under this section that determines per-pupil weighted amounts; 
‘‘(ii) use weights or allocation amounts that 
allocate substantially more funding to English learners, students from low-income families, and students with any other characteristics associ-ated with educational disadvantage chosen by the local educational agency, than to other stu-dents; 
‘‘(iii) ensure that each high-poverty school re-
ceives, in the first year of the demonstration agreement— 
‘‘(I) more per-pupil funding, including from 
Federal, State, and local sources, for low-income students than such funding received for low-in-come students in the year prior to entering into a demonstration agreement under this section; and 
‘‘(II) at least as much per-pupil funding, in-
cluding from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners as such funding received for English learners in the year prior to entering into a demonstration agreement under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(iv) be used to allocate to schools a signifi-
cant percentage, which shall be a percentage agreed upon during the application process, of all the local educational agency’s State and local education funds and eligible Federal funds; and 
‘‘(v) include all school-level actual personnel 
expenditures for instructional staff (including staff salary differentials for years of employ-ment) and actual nonpersonnel expenditures in the calculation of the local educational agency’s State and local education funds and eligible Federal funds to be allocated under clause (i). 
‘‘(B) P
ERCENTAGE .—In establishing the per-
centage described in subparagraph (A)(iv) for the system, the local educational agency shall demonstrate that the percentage— 
‘‘(i) under such subparagraph is sufficient to 
carry out the purposes of the demonstration agreement under this section and to meet each of the requirements of this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) of State and local education funds and 
eligible Federal funds that are not allocated through the local educational agency’s school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8472 November 30, 2015 
funding system based on weighted per-pupil al-
locations, does not undermine or conflict with the requirements of the demonstration agree-ment under this section. 
‘‘(C) E
XPENDITURES .—After allocating funds 
through the system, the local educational agen-cy shall charge schools for the per-pupil expend-itures of State and local education funds and el-igible Federal funds, including actual personnel expenditures (including staff salary differentials for years of employment) for instructional staff and actual nonpersonnel expenditures. 
‘‘(e) C
ONTINUED DEMONSTRATION .—Each local 
educational agency with an approved applica-tion under subsection (d) shall annually— 
‘‘(1) demonstrate to the Secretary that, as 
compared to the previous year, no high-poverty school served by the agency received— 
‘‘(A) less per-pupil funding, including from 
Federal, State, and local sources, for low-income students; or 
‘‘(B) less per-pupil funding, including from 
Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners; 
‘‘(2) make public and report to the Secretary 
the per-pupil expenditures (including actual personnel expenditures that include staff salary differentials for years of employment, and ac-tual non-personnel expenditures) of State and local education funds and eligible Federal funds for each school served by the agency, disaggregated by each quartile of students at-tending the school based on student level of pov-erty and by each major racial or ethnic group in the school, for the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(3) make public the total number of students 
enrolled in each school served by the agency and the number of students enrolled in each such school disaggregated by each of the sub-groups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2); and 
‘‘(4) notwithstanding paragraph (1), (2), or 
(3), ensure that any information to be reported or made public under this subsection is only re-ported or made public if such information does not reveal personally identifiable information. 
‘‘(f) L
IMITATIONS ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPEND -
ITURES .—Each local educational agency that 
has entered into a local flexibility demonstration agreement with the Secretary under this section may use, for administrative purposes, an amount of eligible Federal funds that is not more than the percentage of funds allowed for such purposes under any of the following: 
‘‘(1) This title. ‘‘(2) Title II. ‘‘(3) Title III. ‘‘(4) Part A of title IV. ‘‘(5) Part B of title V. ‘‘(g) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary may estab-
lish a peer-review process to assist in the review of a proposed local flexibility demonstration agreement. 
‘‘(h) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—The Secretary may, 
after providing notice and an opportunity for a hearing (including the opportunity to provide supporting evidence as provided for in sub-section (i)), terminate a local flexibility dem-onstration agreement under this section if there is evidence that the local educational agency has failed to comply with the terms of the agree-ment and the requirements under subsections (d) and (e). 
‘‘(i) E
VIDENCE .—If a local educational agency 
believes that the Secretary’s determination under subsection (h) is in error for statistical or other substantive reasons, the local educational agency may provide supporting evidence to the Secretary, and the Secretary shall consider that evidence before making a final determination. 
‘‘(j) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION .—From the 
amount reserved for evaluation activities under section 8601, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, in consultation with the relevant program office at the Department, evaluate— 
‘‘(1) the implementation of the local flexibility 
demonstration agreements under this section; and ‘‘(2) the impact of such agreements on improv-
ing the equitable distribution of State and local funding and increasing student achievement. 
‘‘(k) R
ENEWAL OF LOCAL FLEXIBILITY DEM-
ONSTRATION AGREEMENT .—The Secretary may 
renew for additional 3-year terms a local flexi-bility demonstration agreement under this sec-tion if— 
‘‘(1) the local educational agency has met the 
requirements under subsections (d)(2) and (e) and agrees to, and has a high likelihood of, con-tinuing to meet such requirements; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that renewing 
the local flexibility demonstration agreement is in the interest of students served under this title and title III. 
‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE FEDERAL FUNDS .—The term ‘eli-
gible Federal funds’ means funds received by a local educational agency under— 
‘‘(A) this title; ‘‘(B) title II; ‘‘(C) title III; ‘‘(D) part A of title IV; and ‘‘(E) part B of title V. ‘‘(2) H
IGH-POVERTY SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- 
poverty school’ means a school that is in the highest 2 quartiles of schools served by a local educational agency, based on the percentage of enrolled students from low-income families.’’. 
PART F—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 1601. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) F EDERAL REGULATIONS .—Section 1601 (20 
U.S.C. 6571), as redesignated by section 1501(a)(4) of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, in accord-
ance with subsections (b) through (d) and sub-ject to section 1111(e),’’ after ‘‘may issue’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘principals, 
other school leaders (including charter school leaders),’’ after ‘‘teachers,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘Such regional meetings and elec-tronic exchanges of information shall be public and notice of such meetings and exchanges shall be provided to interested stakeholders.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘stand-
ards and assessments’’ and inserting ‘‘stand-ards, assessments under section 1111(b)(2), and the requirement under section 1118 that funds under part A be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local funds’’; 
(D) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) P
ROCESS .—Such process— 
‘‘(A) shall not be subject to the Federal Advi-
sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.); and 
‘‘(B) shall, unless otherwise provided as de-
scribed in subsection (c), follow the provisions of subchapter III of chapter 5 of title V, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Nego-tiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’).’’; and 
(E) by striking paragraph (5); (3) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); 
(4) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) A
LTERNATIVE PROCESS FOR CERTAIN EX-
CEPTIONS .—If consensus, as defined in section 
562 of title 5, United States Code, on any pro-posed regulation is not reached by the individ-uals selected under subsection (b)(3)(B) for the negotiated rulemaking process, or if the Sec-retary determines that a negotiated rulemaking process is unnecessary, the Secretary may pro-pose a regulation in the following manner: 
‘‘(1) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 15 
business days prior to issuing a notice of pro-posed rulemaking in the Federal Register, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and other relevant congressional committees, notice of the Secretary’s intent to issue a notice of pro-posed rulemaking that shall include— ‘‘(A) a copy of the proposed regulation; 
‘‘(B) the need to issue the regulation; ‘‘(C) the anticipated burden, including the 
time, cost, and paperwork burden, the regula-tion will impose on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
‘‘(D) the anticipated benefits to State edu-
cational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; and 
‘‘(E) any regulations that will be repealed 
when the new regulation is issued. 
‘‘(2) C
OMMENT PERIOD FOR CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) before issuing any notice of proposed 
rulemaking under this subsection, provide Con-gress with a comment period of 15 business days to make comments on the proposed regulation, 
beginning on the date that the Secretary pro-vides the notice of intent to the appropriate committees of Congress under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) include and seek to address all comments 
submitted by Congress in the public rulemaking record for the regulation published in the Fed-eral Register. 
‘‘(3) C
OMMENT AND REVIEW PERIOD ; EMER -
GENCY SITUATIONS .—The comment and review 
period for any proposed regulation shall be not less than 60 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) designate the proposed regulation as an 
emergency with an explanation of the emer-gency in the notice to Congress under para-graph (1); 
‘‘(B) publish the length of the comment and 
review period in such notice and in the Federal Register; and 
‘‘(C) conduct immediately thereafter regional 
meetings to review such proposed regulation be-fore issuing any final regulation.’’; 
(5) in subsection (d), as redesignated by para-
graph (3), by striking ‘‘Regulations to carry out this part’’ and inserting ‘‘Regulations to carry out this title’’; and 
(6) by inserting after subsection (d), as redes-
ignated by paragraph (3), the following: 
‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section affects the applicability of subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Adminis-trative Procedure Act’) or chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Congressional Review Act’).’’. 
(b) A
GREEMENTS AND RECORDS .—Subsection 
(a) of section 1602 (20 U.S.C. 6572(a)), as redesig-nated by section 1501(a)(4) of this Act, is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) A
GREEMENTS .—In any case in which a 
negotiated rulemaking process is established under section 1601(b), all published proposed regulations shall conform to agreements that re-sult from the rulemaking described in section 1601 unless the Secretary reopens the negotiated rulemaking process.’’. 
(c) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—Section 1603 (20 
U.S.C. 6573), as redesignated by section 1501(a)(4) of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E)(i) identify any duplicative or contrasting 
requirements between the State and Federal rules or regulations; and 
‘‘(ii) eliminate the State rules and regulations 
that are duplicative of Federal requirements.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the chal-
lenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking subpara-
graphs (C) through (G) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8473 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(C) teachers from traditional public schools 
and charter schools (if there are charter schools in the State) and career and technical edu-cators; 
‘‘(D) principals and other school leaders; ‘‘(E) parents; ‘‘(F) members of local school boards; ‘‘(G) representatives of private school chil-
dren; 
‘‘(H) specialized instructional support per-
sonnel and paraprofessionals; 
‘‘(I) representatives of authorized public char-
tering agencies (if there are charter schools in the State); and 
‘‘(J) charter school leaders (if there are char-
ter schools in the State).’’. 
TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND RE-
CRUITING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEAD-ERS 
SEC. 2001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ITLEII TRANSFERS AND RELATED AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 2366(b) (20 U.S.C. 6736(b)) is 
amended by striking the matter following para-graph (2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) A State law that makes a limitation of li-
ability inapplicable if the civil action was brought by an officer of a State or local govern-ment pursuant to State or local law.’’. 
(2) Subpart 4 of part D of title II (20 U.S.C. 
6777) is amended, by striking the subpart des-ignation and heading and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Subpart 4—Internet Safety’’. 
(3) Subpart 5 of part C of title II (20 U.S.C. 
6731 et seq.) (as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection) is— 
(A) transferred to title IX; (B) inserted so as to appear after subpart 2 of 
part E of such title; 
(C) redesignated as subpart 3 of such part; 
and 
(D) further amended by redesignating sections 
2361 through 2368 as sections 9541 through 9548, respectively. 
(4) Subpart 4 of part D of title II (20 U.S.C. 
6777 et seq) (as amended by paragraph (2) of this subsection) is— 
(A) transferred to title IV; (B) inserted so as to appear after subpart 4 of 
part A of such title; 
(C) redesignated as subpart 5 of such part; 
and 
(D) further amended by redesignating section 
2441 as section 4161. 
SEC. 2002. PREPARING, TRAINING, AND RECRUIT-
ING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRIN-CIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEAD-ERS. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended by 
striking title II and inserting the following: 
‘‘TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND 
RECRUITING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEAD-ERS 
‘‘SEC. 2001. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to provide grants 
to State educational agencies and subgrants to local educational agencies to— 
‘‘(1) increase student achievement consistent 
with the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(2) improve the quality and effectiveness of 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders; 
‘‘(3) increase the number of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders who are effec-tive in improving student academic achievement in schools; and 
‘‘(4) provide low-income and minority students 
greater access to effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
‘‘SEC. 2002. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: 
‘‘(1) S CHOOL LEADER RESIDENCY PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘school leader residency program’ means a school-based principal or other school leader preparation program in which a prospec-
tive principal or other school leader— 
‘‘(A) for 1 academic year, engages in sus-
tained and rigorous clinical learning with sub-stantial leadership responsibilities and an op-portunity to practice and be evaluated in an au-thentic school setting; and 
‘‘(B) during that academic year— ‘‘(i) participates in evidence-based 
coursework, to the extent the State (in consulta-tion with local educational agencies in the State) determines that such evidence is reason-ably available, that is integrated with the clin-ical residency experience; and 
‘‘(ii) receives ongoing support from a mentor 
principal or other school leader, who is effec-tive. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE AUTHORIZER .—The term ‘State au-
thorizer’ means an entity designated by the Governor of a State to recognize teacher, prin-cipal, or other school leader preparation acad-emies within the State that— 
‘‘(A) enters into an agreement with a teacher, 
principal, or other school leader preparation academy that specifies the goals expected of the academy, as described in paragraph (4)(A)(i); 
‘‘(B) may be a nonprofit organization, State 
educational agency, or other public entity, or consortium of such entities (including a consor-tium of States); and 
‘‘(C) does not reauthorize a teacher, principal, 
or other school leader preparation academy if the academy fails to produce the minimum num-ber or percentage of effective teachers or prin-cipals or other school leaders, respectively (as determined by the State), identified in the acad-emy’s authorizing agreement. 
‘‘(4) T
EACHER , PRINCIPAL , OR OTHER SCHOOL  
LEADER PREPARATION ACADEMY .—The term 
‘teacher, principal, or other school leader prepa-ration academy’ means a public or other non-profit entity, which may be an institution of higher education or an organization affiliated with an institution of higher education, that es-tablishes an academy that will prepare teachers, principals, or other school leaders to serve in high-needs schools, and that— 
‘‘(A) enters into an agreement with a State 
authorizer that specifies the goals expected of the academy, including— 
‘‘(i) a requirement that prospective teachers, 
principals, or other school leaders who are en-rolled in the academy receive a significant part of their training through clinical preparation that partners the prospective candidate with an effective teacher, principal, or other school lead-er, as determined by the State, respectively, with a demonstrated record of increasing student academic achievement, including for the sub-groups of students defined in section 1111(c)(2), while also receiving concurrent instruction from the academy in the content area (or areas) in which the prospective teacher, principal, or other school leader will become certified or li-censed that links to the clinical preparation ex-perience; 
‘‘(ii) the number of effective teachers, prin-
cipals, or other school leaders, respectively, who will demonstrate success in increasing student academic achievement that the academy will prepare; and 
‘‘(iii) a requirement that the academy will 
award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an institu-tion of higher education) to a teacher only after the teacher demonstrates that the teacher is an effective teacher, as determined by the State, with a demonstrated record of increasing stu-dent academic achievement either as a student teacher or teacher-of-record on an alternative certificate, license, or credential; 
‘‘(iv) a requirement that the academy will 
award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an institu-tion of higher education) to a principal or other school leader only after the principal or other 
school leader demonstrates a record of success in improving student performance; and 
‘‘(v) timelines for producing cohorts of grad-
uates and conferring certificates of completion (or degrees, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an institution of higher education) from the academy; 
‘‘(B) does not have unnecessary restrictions 
on the methods the academy will use to train prospective teacher, principal, or other school leader candidates, including— 
‘‘(i) obligating (or prohibiting) the academy’s 
faculty to hold advanced degrees or conduct academic research; 
‘‘(ii) restrictions related to the academy’s 
physical infrastructure; 
‘‘(iii) restrictions related to the number of 
course credits required as part of the program of study; 
‘‘(iv) restrictions related to the undergraduate 
coursework completed by teachers teaching or working on alternative certificates, licenses, or credentials, as long as such teachers have suc-cessfully passed all relevant State-approved con-tent area examinations; or 
‘‘(v) restrictions related to obtaining accredi-
tation from an accrediting body for purposes of becoming an academy; 
‘‘(C) limits admission to its program to pro-
spective teacher, principal, or other school lead-er candidates who demonstrate strong potential to improve student academic achievement, based on a rigorous selection process that reviews a candidate’s prior academic achievement or record of professional accomplishment; and 
‘‘(D) results in a certificate of completion or 
degree that the State may, after reviewing the academy’s results in producing effective teach-ers, or principals, or other school leaders, re-spectively (as determined by the State) recognize as at least the equivalent of a master’s degree in education for the purposes of hiring, retention, compensation, and promotion in the State. 
‘‘(5) T
EACHER RESIDENCY PROGRAM .—The term 
‘teacher residency program’ means a school- based teacher preparation program in which a prospective teacher— 
‘‘(A) for not less than 1 academic year, teach-
es alongside an effective teacher, as determined by the State or local educational agency, who is the teacher of record for the classroom; 
‘‘(B) receives concurrent instruction during 
the year described in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) through courses that may be taught by 
local educational agency personnel or by fac-ulty of the teacher preparation program; and 
‘‘(ii) in the teaching of the content area in 
which the teacher will become certified or li-censed; and 
‘‘(C) acquires effective teaching skills, as dem-
onstrated through completion of a residency program, or other measure determined by the State, which may include a teacher performance assessment. 
‘‘SEC. 2003. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—For the purpose of car-
rying out part A, there are authorized to be ap-propriated $2,295,830,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—For the purpose 
of carrying out part B, there are authorized to be appropriated— 
‘‘(1) $468,880,575 for each of fiscal years 2017 
and 2018; 
‘‘(2) $469,168,000 for fiscal year 2019; and 
‘‘(3) $489,168,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
‘‘PART A—SUPPORTING EFFECTIVE 
INSTRUCTION 
‘‘SEC. 2101. FORMULA GRANTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS.—From the total 
amount appropriated under section 2003(a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) one-half of 1 percent for allotments for 
the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, Amer-ican Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8474 November 30, 2015 
Northern Mariana Islands, to be distributed 
among those outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary of 
the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of In-dian Education. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) H OLD HARMLESS .— 
‘‘(A) F ISCAL YEARS 2017 THROUGH 2022 .—For 
each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022, subject to paragraph (2) and subparagraph (C), from the funds appropriated under section 2003(a) for a fiscal year that remain after the Secretary makes the reservations under subsection (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State an amount equal to the total amount that such State re-ceived for fiscal year 2001 under— 
‘‘(i) section 2202(b) of this Act (as in effect on 
the day before the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001); and 
‘‘(ii) section 306 of the Department of Edu-
cation Appropriations Act, 2001 (as enacted into law by section 1(a)(1) of Public Law 106–554). 
‘‘(B) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .—If the funds de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all States are eligible to receive under subparagraph (A) for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce those amounts for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) P
ERCENTAGE REDUCTION .—For each of 
fiscal years 2017 through 2022, the amount in subparagraph (A) shall be reduced by a percent-age equal to the product of 14.29 percent and the number of years between the fiscal year for which the determination is being made and fis-cal year 2016. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOTMENT OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), for any fiscal year for which the funds ap-propriated under section 2003(a) and not re-served under subsection (a) exceed the total amount required to make allotments under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall allot to each State the sum of— 
‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2017— ‘‘(I) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 35 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(II) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 65 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; 
‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(I) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 30 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(II) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 70 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; 
‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2019— ‘‘(I) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 25 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(II) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 75 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from 
families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(iv) for fiscal year 2020— ‘‘(I) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 20 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(II) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 80 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—No State receiving an allot-
ment under subparagraph (A) may receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total excess amount allotted under such subparagraph for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) F
ISCAL YEAR 2021 AND SUCCEEDING FISCAL  
YEARS .—For fiscal year 2021 and each of the 
succeeding fiscal years— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary shall allot funds appro-
priated under section 2003(a) and not reserved under subsection (a) to each State in accordance with paragraph (2)(A)(iv); and 
‘‘(B) the amount appropriated but not re-
served shall be treated as the excess amount. 
‘‘(4) R
EALLOTMENT .—If any State does not 
apply for an allotment under this subsection for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USES OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
paragraph (3), each State that receives an allot-ment under subsection (b) for a fiscal year shall reserve not less than 95 percent of such allot-ment to make subgrants to local educational agencies for such fiscal year, as described in sec-tion 2102. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 1 per-cent of the amount allotted to such State under subsection (b) for the administrative costs of carrying out such State educational agency’s re-sponsibilities under this part. 
‘‘(3) P
RINCIPALS OR OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS .— 
Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and in addition to funds otherwise available for activities under paragraph (4), a State educational agency may reserve not more than 3 percent of the amount reserved for subgrants to local educational agencies under paragraph (1) for one or more of the activities for principals or other school lead-ers that are described in paragraph (4). 
‘‘(4) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency for a State that receives an allotment under subsection (b) may use funds not reserved under paragraph (1) to carry out 1 or more of the activities described in subparagraph (B), which may be implemented in conjunction with a State agency of higher education (if such agencies are separate) and carried out through a grant or contract with a for-profit or non-profit entity, including an institution of higher education. 
‘‘(B) T
YPES OF STATE ACTIVITIES .—The activi-
ties described in this subparagraph are the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Reforming teacher, principal, or other 
school leader certification, recertification, li-censing, or tenure systems or preparation pro-gram standards and approval processes to en-sure that— 
‘‘(I) teachers have the necessary subject-mat-
ter knowledge and teaching skills, as dem-onstrated through measures determined by the State, which may include teacher performance assessments, in the academic subjects that the 
teachers teach to help students meet challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(II) principals or other school leaders have 
the instructional leadership skills to help teach-ers teach and to help students meet such chal-lenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(III) teacher certification or licensing re-
quirements are aligned with such challenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(ii) Developing, improving, or providing as-
sistance to local educational agencies to support the design and implementation of teacher, prin-cipal, or other school leader evaluation and sup-port systems that are based in part on evidence of student academic achievement, which may in-clude student growth, and shall include multiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, or other school leaders, such as by— 
‘‘(I) developing and disseminating high-qual-
ity evaluation tools, such as classroom observa-tion rubrics, and methods, including training and auditing, for ensuring inter-rater reliability of evaluation results; 
‘‘(II) developing and providing training to 
principals, other school leaders, coaches, men-tors, and evaluators on how to accurately dif-ferentiate performance, provide useful and time-ly feedback, and use evaluation results to in-form decisionmaking about professional develop-ment, improvement strategies, and personnel de-cisions; and 
‘‘(III) developing a system for auditing the 
quality of evaluation and support systems. 
‘‘(iii) Improving equitable access to effective 
teachers. 
‘‘(iv) Carrying out programs that establish, 
expand, or improve alternative routes for State certification of teachers (especially for teachers of children with disabilities, English learners, science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or other areas where the State experiences a shortage of educators), principals, or other school leaders, for— 
‘‘(I) individuals with a baccalaureate or mas-
ter’s degree, or other advanced degree; 
‘‘(II) mid-career professionals from other occu-
pations; 
‘‘(III) paraprofessionals; ‘‘(IV) former military personnel; and ‘‘(V) recent graduates of institutions of higher 
education with records of academic distinction who demonstrate the potential to become effec-tive teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘(v) Developing, improving, and implementing 
mechanisms to assist local educational agencies and schools in effectively recruiting and retain-ing teachers, principals, or other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement, including effective teachers from underrepresented minority groups and teachers with disabilities, such as through— 
‘‘(I) opportunities for effective teachers to lead 
evidence-based (to the extent the State deter-mines that such evidence is reasonably avail-able) professional development for the peers of such effective teachers; and 
‘‘(II) providing training and support for 
teacher leaders and principals or other school leaders who are recruited as part of instruc-tional leadership teams. 
‘‘(vi) Fulfilling the State educational agency’s 
responsibilities concerning proper and efficient administration and monitoring of the programs carried out under this part, including provision of technical assistance to local educational agencies. 
‘‘(vii) Developing, or assisting local edu-
cational agencies in developing— 
‘‘(I) career opportunities and advancement 
initiatives that promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths, such as in-structional coaching and mentoring (including hybrid roles that allow instructional coaching and mentoring while remaining in the class-room), school leadership, and involvement with school improvement and support; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8475 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(II) strategies that provide differential pay, 
or other incentives, to recruit and retain teach-ers in high-need academic subjects and teachers, principals, or other school leaders, in low-in-come schools and school districts, which may in-
clude performance-based pay systems; and 
‘‘(III) new teacher, principal, or other school 
leader induction and mentoring programs that are, to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidence- based, and designed to— 
‘‘(aa) improve classroom instruction and stu-
dent learning and achievement, including through improving school leadership programs; and 
‘‘(bb) increase the retention of effective teach-
ers, principals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘(viii) Providing assistance to local edu-
cational agencies for the development and im-plementation of high-quality professional devel-opment programs for principals that enable the principals to be effective and prepare all stu-dents to meet the challenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(ix) Supporting efforts to train teachers, 
principals, or other school leaders to effectively integrate technology into curricula and instruc-tion, which may include training to assist teachers in implementing blended learning (as defined in section 4102(1)) projects. 
‘‘(x) Providing training, technical assistance, 
and capacity-building to local educational agencies that receive a subgrant under this part. 
‘‘(xi) Reforming or improving teacher, prin-
cipal, or other school leader preparation pro-grams, such as through establishing teacher residency programs and school leader residency programs. 
‘‘(xii) Establishing or expanding teacher, prin-
cipal, or other school leader preparation acad-emies, with an amount of the funds described in subparagraph (A) that is not more than 2 per-cent of the State’s allotment, if— 
‘‘(I) allowable under State law; ‘‘(II) the State enables candidates attending a 
teacher, principal, or other school leader prepa-ration academy to be eligible for State financial aid to the same extent as participants in other State-approved teacher or principal preparation programs, including alternative certification, li-censure, or credential programs; and 
‘‘(III) the State enables teachers, principals, 
or other school leaders who are teaching or working while on alternative certificates, li-censes, or credentials to teach or work in the State while enrolled in a teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation academy. 
‘‘(xiii) Supporting the instructional services 
provided by effective school library programs. 
‘‘(xiv) Developing, or assisting local edu-
cational agencies in developing, strategies that provide teachers, principals, or other school leaders with the skills, credentials, or certifi-cations needed to educate all students in post-secondary education coursework through early college high school or dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs. 
‘‘(xv) Providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, regarding how to prevent and recognize child sexual abuse. 
‘‘(xvi) Supporting opportunities for principals, 
other school leaders, teachers, paraprofes-sionals, early childhood education program di-rectors, and other early childhood education program providers to participate in joint efforts to address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness. 
‘‘(xvii) Developing and providing professional 
development and other comprehensive systems of support for teachers, principals, or other school leaders to promote high-quality instruction and instructional leadership in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, includ-ing computer science. 
‘‘(xviii) Supporting the professional develop-
ment and improving the instructional strategies of teachers, principals, or other school leaders to 
integrate career and technical education con-tent into academic instructional practices, which may include training on best practices to understand State and regional workforce needs and transitions to postsecondary education and the workforce. 
‘‘(xix) Enabling States, as a consortium, to 
voluntarily develop a process that allows teach-ers who are licensed or certified in a partici-pating State to teach in other participating States without completing additional licensure or certification requirements, except that noth-ing in this clause shall be construed to allow the Secretary to exercise any direction, supervision, or control over State teacher licensing or certifi-cation requirements. 
‘‘(xx) Supporting and developing efforts to 
train teachers on the appropriate use of student data to ensure that individual student privacy is protected as required by section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g) and in accordance with State student privacy laws and local educational agency student privacy and technology use policies. 
‘‘(xxi) Supporting other activities identified by 
the State that are, to the extent the State deter-mines that such evidence is reasonably avail-able, evidence-based and that meet the purpose of this title. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to receive an allot-
ment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application described 
under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use funds received under this title for State-level activities described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) A description of the State’s system of cer-
tification and licensing of teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘(C) A description of how activities under this 
part are aligned with challenging State aca-demic standards. 
‘‘(D) A description of how the activities car-
ried out with funds under this part are expected to improve student achievement. 
‘‘(E) If a State educational agency plans to 
use funds under this part to improve equitable access to effective teachers, consistent with sec-tion 1111(g)(1)(B), a description of how such funds will be used for such purpose. 
‘‘(F) If applicable, a description of how the 
State educational agency will work with local educational agencies in the State to develop or implement State or local teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation and support sys-tems that meet the requirements of subsection (c)(4)(B)(ii). 
‘‘(G) An assurance that the State educational 
agency will monitor the implementation of ac-tivities under this part and provide technical as-sistance to local educational agencies in car-rying out such activities. 
‘‘(H) An assurance that the State educational 
agency will work in consultation with the entity responsible for teacher, principal, or other school leader professional standards, certifi-cation, and licensing for the State, and encour-age collaboration between educator preparation programs, the State, and local educational agencies to promote the readiness of new edu-cators entering the profession. 
‘‘(I) An assurance that the State educational 
agency will comply with section 8501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
‘‘(J) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will improve the skills of teach-ers, principals, or other school leaders in order to enable them to identify students with specific learning needs, particularly children with dis-abilities, English learners, students who are 
gifted and talented, and students with low lit-eracy levels, and provide instruction based on the needs of such students. 
‘‘(K) A description of how the State will use 
data and ongoing consultation as described in paragraph (3) to continually update and im-prove the activities supported under this part. 
‘‘(L) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will encourage opportunities for increased autonomy and flexibility for teachers, principals, or other school leaders, such as by establishing innovation schools that have a high degree of autonomy over budget and operations, are transparent and accountable to the public, and lead to improved academic outcomes for stu-dents. 
‘‘(M) A description of actions the State may 
take to improve preparation programs and strengthen support for teachers, principals, or other school leaders based on the needs of the State, as identified by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the State 
application under this subsection, a State shall— 
‘‘(A) meaningfully consult with teachers, 
principals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals (including organizations representing such individuals), specialized instructional sup-port personnel, charter school leaders (in a State that has charter schools), parents, commu-nity partners, and other organizations or part-ners with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
‘‘(B) seek advice from the individuals, organi-
zations, or partners described in subparagraph (A) regarding how best to improve the State’s activities to meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(C) coordinate the State’s activities under 
this part with other related strategies, programs, and activities being conducted in the State. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—Consultation required 
under paragraph (3) shall not interfere with the timely submission of the application required under this section. 
‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control any of the following: 
‘‘(1) The development, improvement, or imple-
mentation of elements of any teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation system. 
‘‘(2) Any State or local educational agency’s 
definition of teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness. 
‘‘(3) Any teacher, principal, or other school 
leader professional standards, certification, or licensing. 
‘‘SEC. 2102. SUBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) A LLOCATION OF FUNDS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds reserved by a 
State under section 2101(c)(1) for a fiscal year, the State, acting through the State educational agency, shall award subgrants to eligible local educational agencies from allocations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION FORMULA .—From the funds 
described in paragraph (1), the State edu-cational agency shall allocate to each of the eli-gible local educational agencies in the State for a fiscal year the sum of— 
‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 20 percent of such funds for such fiscal year as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geo-graphic areas served by all eligible local edu-cational agencies in the State, as so determined; and 
‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 80 percent of the funds for such fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8476 November 30, 2015 
year as the number of individuals aged 5 
through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geographic areas served by all the eligible local educational agencies in the State, as so deter-mined. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to prohibit a consor-tium of local educational agencies that are des-ignated with a locale code of 41, 42, or 43, or such local educational agencies designated with a locale code of 41, 42, or 43 that work in co-operation with an educational service agency, from voluntarily combining allocations received under this part for the collective use of funding by the consortium for activities under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a 
subgrant under this section, a local educational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably re-quire. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—Each appli-
cation submitted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the activities to be car-
ried out by the local educational agency under this section and how these activities will be aligned with challenging State academic stand-ards. 
‘‘(B) A description of the local educational 
agency’s systems of professional growth and im-provement, such as induction for teachers, prin-cipals, or other school leaders and opportunities for building the capacity of teachers and oppor-tunities to develop meaningful teacher leader-ship. 
‘‘(C) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will prioritize funds to schools served by the agency that are implementing comprehensive support and improvement activi-ties and targeted support and improvement ac-tivities under section 1111(d) and have the high-est percentage of children counted under section 1124(c). 
‘‘(D) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will use data and ongoing con-sultation described in paragraph (3) to contin-ually update and improve activities supported under this part. 
‘‘(E) An assurance that the local educational 
agency will comply with section 8501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
‘‘(F) An assurance that the local educational 
agency will coordinate professional development activities authorized under this part with pro-fessional development activities provided through other Federal, State, and local pro-grams. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the appli-
cation described in paragraph (2), a local edu-cational agency shall— 
‘‘(A) meaningfully consult with teachers, 
principals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals (including organizations representing such individuals), specialized instructional sup-port personnel, charter school leaders (in a local educational agency that has charter schools), parents, community partners, and other organi-zations or partners with relevant and dem-onstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
‘‘(B) seek advice from the individuals and or-
ganizations described in subparagraph (A) re-garding how best to improve the local edu-cational agency’s activities to meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(C) coordinate the local educational agency’s 
activities under this part with other related strategies, programs, and activities being con-ducted in the community. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—Consultation required 
under paragraph (3) shall not interfere with the timely submission of the application required under this section. 
‘‘SEC. 2103. LOCAL USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A local educational agency 
that receives a subgrant under section 2102 shall use the funds made available through the subgrant to develop, implement, and evaluate comprehensive programs and activities described in subsection (b), which may be carried out— 
‘‘(1) through a grant or contract with a for- 
profit or nonprofit entity; or 
‘‘(2) in partnership with an institution of 
higher education or an Indian tribe or tribal or-ganization (as such terms are defined under sec-tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)). 
‘‘(b) T
YPES OF ACTIVITIES .—The programs and 
activities described in this subsection— 
‘‘(1) shall be in accordance with the purpose 
of this title; 
‘‘(2) shall address the learning needs of all 
students, including children with disabilities, English learners, and gifted and talented stu-dents; and 
‘‘(3) may include, among other programs and 
activities— 
‘‘(A) developing or improving a rigorous, 
transparent, and fair evaluation and support system for teachers, principals, or other school leaders that— 
‘‘(i) is based in part on evidence of student 
achievement, which may include student growth; and 
‘‘(ii) shall include multiple measures of educa-
tor performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(B) developing and implementing initiatives 
to assist in recruiting, hiring, and retaining ef-fective teachers, particularly in low-income schools with high percentages of ineffective teachers and high percentages of students who do not meet the challenging State academic standards, to improve within-district equity in the distribution of teachers, consistent with sec-tion 1111(g)(1)(B), such as initiatives that pro-vide— 
‘‘(i) expert help in screening candidates and 
enabling early hiring; 
‘‘(ii) differential and incentive pay for teach-
ers, principals, or other school leaders in high- need academic subject areas and specialty areas, which may include performance-based pay sys-tems; 
‘‘(iii) teacher, paraprofessional, principal, or 
other school leader advancement and profes-sional growth, and an emphasis on leadership opportunities, multiple career paths, and pay differentiation; 
‘‘(iv) new teacher, principal, or other school 
leader induction and mentoring programs that are designed to— 
‘‘(I) improve classroom instruction and stu-
dent learning and achievement; and 
‘‘(II) increase the retention of effective teach-
ers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(v) the development and provision of train-
ing for school leaders, coaches, mentors, and evaluators on how accurately to differentiate performance, provide useful feedback, and use evaluation results to inform decisionmaking about professional development, improvement strategies, and personnel decisions; and 
‘‘(vi) a system for auditing the quality of eval-
uation and support systems; 
‘‘(C) recruiting qualified individuals from 
other fields to become teachers, principals, or other school leaders, including mid-career pro-fessionals from other occupations, former mili-tary personnel, and recent graduates of institu-tions of higher education with records of aca-demic distinction who demonstrate potential to become effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(D) reducing class size to a level that is evi-
dence-based, to the extent the State (in con-sultation with local educational agencies in the 
State) determines that such evidence is reason-ably available, to improve student achievement through the recruiting and hiring of additional effective teachers; 
‘‘(E) providing high-quality, personalized pro-
fessional development that is evidence-based, to the extent the State (in consultation with local educational agencies in the State) determines that such evidence is reasonably available, for teachers, instructional leadership teams, prin-cipals, or other school leaders, that is focused on improving teaching and student learning and achievement, including supporting efforts to train teachers, principals, or other school lead-ers to— 
‘‘(i) effectively integrate technology into cur-
ricula and instruction (including education about the harms of copyright piracy); 
‘‘(ii) use data to improve student achievement 
and understand how to ensure individual stu-dent privacy is protected, as required under sec-tion 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g) and State and local policies and laws in the use of such data; 
‘‘(iii) effectively engage parents, families, and 
community partners, and coordinate services be-tween school and community; 
‘‘(iv) help all students develop the skills essen-
tial for learning readiness and academic success; 
‘‘(v) develop policy with school, local edu-
cational agency, community, or State leaders; and 
‘‘(vi) participate in opportunities for experien-
tial learning through observation; 
‘‘(F) developing programs and activities that 
increase the ability of teachers to effectively teach children with disabilities, including chil-dren with significant cognitive disabilities, and English learners, which may include the use of multi-tier systems of support and positive behav-ioral intervention and supports, so that such children with disabilities and English learners can meet the challenging State academic stand-ards; 
‘‘(G) providing programs and activities to in-
crease— 
‘‘(i) the knowledge base of teachers, prin-
cipals, or other school leaders on instruction in the early grades and on strategies to measure whether young children are progressing; and 
‘‘(ii) the ability of principals or other school 
leaders to support teachers, teacher leaders, early childhood educators, and other profes-sionals to meet the needs of students through age 8, which may include providing joint profes-sional learning and planning activities for school staff and educators in preschool pro-grams that address the transition to elementary school; 
‘‘(H) providing training, technical assistance, 
and capacity-building in local educational agencies to assist teachers, principals, or other school leaders with selecting and implementing formative assessments, designing classroom- based assessments, and using data from such as-sessments to improve instruction and student academic achievement, which may include pro-viding additional time for teachers to review student data and respond, as appropriate; 
‘‘(I) carrying out in-service training for school 
personnel in— 
‘‘(i) the techniques and supports needed to 
help educators understand when and how to refer students affected by trauma, and children with, or at risk of, mental illness; 
‘‘(ii) the use of referral mechanisms that effec-
tively link such children to appropriate treat-ment and intervention services in the school and in the community, where appropriate; 
‘‘(iii) forming partnerships between school- 
based mental health programs and public or pri-vate mental health organizations; and 
‘‘(iv) addressing issues related to school condi-
tions for student learning, such as safety, peer interaction, drug and alcohol abuse, and chron-ic absenteeism; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8477 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(J) providing training to support the identi-
fication of students who are gifted and talented, including high-ability students who have not been formally identified for gifted education services, and implementing instructional prac-tices that support the education of such stu-dents, such as— 
‘‘(i) early entrance to kindergarten; ‘‘(ii) enrichment, acceleration, and curriculum 
compacting activities; and 
‘‘(iii) dual or concurrent enrollment programs 
in secondary school and postsecondary edu-cation; 
‘‘(K) supporting the instructional services pro-
vided by effective school library programs; 
‘‘(L) providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, regarding how to prevent and recognize child sexual abuse; 
‘‘(M) developing and providing professional 
development and other comprehensive systems of support for teachers, principals, or other school leaders to promote high-quality instruction and instructional leadership in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, includ-ing computer science; 
‘‘(N) developing feedback mechanisms to im-
prove school working conditions, including through periodically and publicly reporting re-sults of educator support and working condi-tions feedback; 
‘‘(O) providing high-quality professional de-
velopment for teachers, principals, or other school leaders on effective strategies to integrate rigorous academic content, career and technical education, and work-based learning (if appro-priate), which may include providing common planning time, to help prepare students for post-secondary education and the workforce; and 
‘‘(P) carrying out other activities that are evi-
dence-based, to the extent the State (in con-sultation with local educational agencies in the State) determines that such evidence is reason-ably available, and identified by the local edu-cational agency that meet the purpose of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 2104. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) S TATE REPORT .—Each State educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall an-nually submit to the Secretary a report that pro-vides— 
‘‘(1) a description of how the State is using 
grant funds received under this part to meet the purpose of this title, and how such chosen ac-tivities improved teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(2) if funds are used under this part to im-
prove equitable access to teachers for low-in-come and minority students, consistent with sec-tion 1111(g)(1)(B), a description of how funds have been used to improve such access; 
‘‘(3) for a State that implements a teacher, 
principal, or other school leader evaluation and support system, consistent with section 2101(c)(4)(B)(ii), using funds under this part, the evaluation results of teachers, principals, or other school leaders, except that such informa-tion shall not provide personally identifiable in-formation on individual teachers, principals, or other school leaders; and 
‘‘(4) where available, the annual retention 
rates of effective and ineffective teachers, prin-cipals, or other school leaders, using any meth-ods or criteria the State has or develops under section 1111(g)(2)(A), except that nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require any State educational agency or local educational agency to collect and report any data the State educational agency or local educational agency is not collecting or reporting as of the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REPORT .— 
Each local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall submit to the State edu-
cational agency such information as the State requires, which shall include the information described in subsection (a) for the local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY .—The reports and informa-
tion provided under subsections (a) and (b) shall be made readily available to the public. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION .—The reports and informa-
tion provided under subsections (a) and (b) shall not reveal personally identifiable information about any individual. 
‘‘PART B—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES 
‘‘SEC. 2201. RESERVATIONS. 
‘‘From the amounts appropriated under sec-
tion 2003(b) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) to carry out activities authorized under 
subpart 1— 
‘‘(A) 49.1 percent for each of fiscal years 2017 
through 2019; and 
‘‘(B) 47 percent for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(2) to carry out activities authorized under 
subpart 2— 
‘‘(A) 34.1 percent for each of fiscal years 2017 
through 2019; and 
‘‘(B) 36.8 percent for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) to carry out activities authorized under 
subpart 3, 1.4 percent for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020; and 
‘‘(4) to carry out activities authorized under 
subpart 4— 
‘‘(A) 15.4 percent for each of fiscal years 2017 
through 2019; and 
‘‘(B) 14.8 percent for fiscal year 2020. 
‘‘Subpart 1—Teacher and School Leader 
Incentive Program 
‘‘SEC. 2211. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this subpart 
are— 
‘‘(1) to assist States, local educational agen-
cies, and nonprofit organizations to develop, im-plement, improve, or expand comprehensive per-formance-based compensation systems or human capital management systems for teachers, prin-cipals, or other school leaders (especially for teachers, principals, or other school leaders in high-need schools) who raise student academic achievement and close the achievement gap be-tween high- and low-performing students; and 
‘‘(2) to study and review performance-based 
compensation systems or human capital man-agement systems for teachers, principals, or other school leaders to evaluate the effective-ness, fairness, quality, consistency, and reli-ability of the systems. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subpart: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school that is a local educational agen-cy, or a consortium of local educational agen-cies; 
‘‘(B) a State educational agency or other 
State agency designated by the chief executive of a State to participate under this subpart; 
‘‘(C) the Bureau of Indian Education; or ‘‘(D) a partnership consisting of— ‘‘(i) 1 or more agencies described in subpara-
graph (A), (B), or (C); and 
‘‘(ii) at least 1 nonprofit or for-profit entity. ‘‘(2) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high-need 
school’ means a public elementary school or sec-ondary school that is located in an area in which the percentage of students from families with incomes below the poverty line is 30 percent or more. 
‘‘(3) H
UMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— 
The term ‘human capital management system’ means a system— 
‘‘(A) by which a local educational agency 
makes and implements human capital decisions, such as decisions on preparation, recruitment, hiring, placement, retention, dismissal, com-pensation, professional development, tenure, and promotion; and ‘‘(B) that includes a performance-based com-
pensation system. 
‘‘(4) P
ERFORMANCE -BASED COMPENSATION SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘performance-based compensa-
tion system’ means a system of compensation for teachers, principals, or other school leaders— 
‘‘(A) that differentiates levels of compensation 
based in part on measurable increases in stu-dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(B) which may include— ‘‘(i) differentiated levels of compensation, 
which may include bonus pay, on the basis of the employment responsibilities and success of effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders in hard-to-staff schools or high-need subject areas; and 
‘‘(ii) recognition of the skills and knowledge 
of teachers, principals, or other school leaders as demonstrated through— 
‘‘(I) successful fulfillment of additional re-
sponsibilities or job functions, such as teacher leadership roles; and 
‘‘(II) evidence of professional achievement 
and mastery of content knowledge and superior teaching and leadership skills. 
‘‘SEC. 2212. TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER IN-
CENTIVE FUND GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the amounts 
reserved by the Secretary under section 2201(1), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to enable the eligi-ble entities to develop, implement, improve, or expand performance-based compensation sys-tems or human capital management systems, in schools served by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION OF GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under 
this subpart shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a 
grant awarded under this subpart for a period of not more than 2 years if the grantee dem-onstrates to the Secretary that the grantee is ef-fectively using funds. Such renewal may include allowing the grantee to scale up or replicate the successful program. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A local educational agency 
may receive (whether individually or as part of a consortium or partnership) a grant under this subpart, as amended by the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act, only twice. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. The application shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the performance-based 
compensation system or human capital manage-ment system that the eligible entity proposes to develop, implement, improve, or expand through the grant; 
‘‘(2) a description of the most significant gaps 
or insufficiencies in student access to effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders in high-need schools, including gaps or inequities in how effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders are distributed across the local educational agency, as identified using factors such as data on school resources, staffing pat-terns, school environment, educator support sys-tems, and other school-level factors; 
‘‘(3) a description and evidence of the support 
and commitment from teachers, principals, or other school leaders, which may include charter school leaders, in the school (including organi-zations representing teachers, principals, or other school leaders), the community, and the local educational agency to the activities pro-posed under the grant; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the eligible entity 
will develop and implement a fair, rigorous, valid, reliable, and objective process to evaluate teacher, principal, or other school leader per-formance under the system that is based in part on measures of student academic achievement, including the baseline performance against which evaluations of improved performance will be made; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8478 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(5) a description of the local educational 
agencies or schools to be served under the grant, including such student academic achievement, demographic, and socioeconomic information as the Secretary may request; 
‘‘(6) a description of the effectiveness of teach-
ers, principals, or other school leaders in the local educational agency and the schools to be served under the grant and the extent to which the system will increase the effectiveness of teachers, principals, or other school leaders in such schools; 
‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible entity 
will use grant funds under this subpart in each year of the grant, including a timeline for imple-mentation of such activities; 
‘‘(8) a description of how the eligible entity 
will continue the activities assisted under the grant after the grant period ends; 
‘‘(9) a description of the State, local, or other 
public or private funds that will be used to sup-plement the grant, including funds under part A, and sustain the activities assisted under the grant after the end of the grant period; 
‘‘(10) a description of— ‘‘(A) the rationale for the project; ‘‘(B) how the proposed activities are evidence- 
based; and 
‘‘(C) if applicable, the prior experience of the 
eligible entity in developing and implementing such activities; and 
‘‘(11) a description of how activities funded 
under this subpart will be evaluated, monitored, and publically reported. 
‘‘(d) A
WARD BASIS.— 
‘‘(1) P RIORITY .—In awarding a grant under 
this subpart, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity that concentrates the activities proposed to be assisted under the grant on teachers, principals, or other school leaders serving in high-need schools. 
‘‘(2) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—To the extent 
practicable, the Secretary shall ensure an equi-table geographic distribution of grants under this subpart, including the distribution of such grants between rural and urban areas. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this subpart shall use the grant funds to develop, implement, improve, or expand, in collaboration with teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, and members of the public, a performance-based compensation sys-tem or human capital management system con-sistent with this subpart. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grant funds 
under this subpart may be used for one or more of the following: 
‘‘(A) Developing or improving an evaluation 
and support system, including as part of a human capital management system as applica-ble, that— 
‘‘(i) reflects clear and fair measures of teach-
er, principal, or other school leader perform-ance, based in part on demonstrated improve-ment in student academic achievement; and 
‘‘(ii) provides teachers, principals, or other 
school leaders with ongoing, differentiated, tar-geted, and personalized support and feedback for improvement, including professional develop-ment opportunities designed to increase effec-tiveness. 
‘‘(B) Conducting outreach within a local edu-
cational agency or a State to gain input on how to construct an evaluation and support system described in subparagraph (A) and to develop support for the evaluation and support system, including by training appropriate personnel in how to observe and evaluate teachers, prin-cipals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘(C) Providing principals or other school lead-
ers with— 
‘‘(i) balanced autonomy to make budgeting, 
scheduling, and other school-level decisions in a manner that meets the needs of the school with-out compromising the intent or essential compo-nents of the policies of the local educational agency or State; and ‘‘(ii) authority to make staffing decisions that 
meet the needs of the school, such as building an instructional leadership team that includes teacher leaders or offering opportunities for teams or pairs of effective teachers or candidates to teach or start teaching in high-need schools together. 
‘‘(D) Implementing, as part of a comprehen-
sive performance-based compensation system, a differentiated salary structure, which may in-clude bonuses and stipends, to— 
‘‘(i) teachers who— ‘‘(I) teach in— ‘‘(aa) high-need schools; or ‘‘(bb) high-need subjects; ‘‘(II) raise student academic achievement; or ‘‘(III) take on additional leadership respon-
sibilities; or 
‘‘(ii) principals or other school leaders who 
serve in high-need schools and raise student academic achievement in the schools. 
‘‘(E) Improving the local educational agency’s 
system and process for the recruitment, selec-tion, placement, and retention of effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders in high-need schools, such as by improving local educational agency policies and procedures to ensure that high-need schools are competitive and timely in— 
‘‘(i) attracting, hiring, and retaining effective 
educators; 
‘‘(ii) offering bonuses or higher salaries to ef-
fective educators; or 
‘‘(iii) establishing or strengthening school 
leader residency programs and teacher residency programs. 
‘‘(F) Instituting career advancement opportu-
nities characterized by increased responsibility and pay that reward and recognize effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders in high-need schools and enable them to expand their leadership and results, such as through teacher-led professional development, men-toring, coaching, hybrid roles, administrative duties, and career ladders. 
‘‘(f) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this subpart shall provide, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount of the grant (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant. 
‘‘(g) S
UPPLEMENT , N OTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds provided under this subpart shall be used to supplement, not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activities de-scribed in this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 2213. REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) A CTIVITIES SUMMARY .—Each eligible en-
tity receiving a grant under this subpart shall provide to the Secretary a summary of the ac-tivities assisted under the grant. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall provide to 
Congress an annual report on the implementa-tion of the program carried out under this sub-part, including— 
‘‘(1) information on eligible entities that re-
ceived grant funds under this subpart, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) information provided by eligible entities 
to the Secretary in the applications submitted under section 2212(c); 
‘‘(B) the summaries received under subsection 
(a); and 
‘‘(C) grant award amounts; and ‘‘(2) student academic achievement and, as 
applicable, growth data from the schools partici-pating in the programs supported under the grant. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE.— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the total 
amount reserved for this subpart for a fiscal year, the Secretary may reserve for such fiscal year not more than 1 percent for the cost of the evaluation under paragraph (2) and for tech-nical assistance in carrying out this subpart. ‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—From amounts reserved 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall carry out an independent evaluation to measure the effectiveness of the program assisted under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—The evaluation under para-
graph (2) shall measure— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of the program in im-
proving student academic achievement; 
‘‘(B) the satisfaction of the participating 
teachers, principals, or other school leaders; and 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the program assisted 
the eligible entities in recruiting and retaining high-quality teachers, principals, or other school leaders, especially in high-need subject areas. 
‘‘Subpart 2—Literacy Education for All, 
Results for the Nation 
‘‘SEC. 2221. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this subpart 
are— 
‘‘(1) to improve student academic achievement 
in reading and writing by providing Federal support to States to develop, revise, or update comprehensive literacy instruction plans that, when implemented, ensure high-quality instruc-tion and effective strategies in reading and writ-ing from early education through grade 12; and 
‘‘(2) for States to provide targeted subgrants 
to early childhood education programs and local educational agencies and their public or private partners to implement evidence-based programs that ensure high-quality comprehensive literacy instruction for students most in need. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subpart: 
‘‘(1) C OMPREHENSIVE LITERACY INSTRUCTION .— 
The term ‘comprehensive literacy instruction’ means instruction that— 
‘‘(A) includes developmentally appropriate, 
contextually explicit, and systematic instruc-tion, and frequent practice, in reading and writ-ing across content areas; 
‘‘(B) includes age-appropriate, explicit, sys-
tematic, and intentional instruction in phono-logical awareness, phonic decoding, vocabulary, language structure, reading fluency, and read-ing comprehension; 
‘‘(C) includes age-appropriate, explicit in-
struction in writing, including opportunities for children to write with clear purposes, with crit-ical reasoning appropriate to the topic and pur-pose, and with specific instruction and feedback from instructional staff; 
‘‘(D) makes available and uses diverse, high- 
quality print materials that reflect the reading and development levels, and interests, of chil-dren; 
‘‘(E) uses differentiated instructional ap-
proaches, including individual and small group instruction and discussion; 
‘‘(F) provides opportunities for children to use 
language with peers and adults in order to de-velop language skills, including developing vo-cabulary; 
‘‘(G) includes frequent practice of reading and 
writing strategies; 
‘‘(H) uses age-appropriate, valid, and reliable 
screening assessments, diagnostic assessments, formative assessment processes, and summative assessments to identify a child’s learning needs, to inform instruction, and to monitor the child’s progress and the effects of instruction; 
‘‘(I) uses strategies to enhance children’s mo-
tivation to read and write and children’s en-gagement in self-directed learning; 
‘‘(J) incorporates the principles of universal 
design for learning; 
‘‘(K) depends on teachers’ collaboration in 
planning, instruction, and assessing a child’s progress and on continuous professional learn-ing; and 
‘‘(L) links literacy instruction to the chal-
lenging State academic standards, including the ability to navigate, understand, and write about, complex print and digital subject matter. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means an entity that consists of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8479 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(A) one or more local educational agencies 
that serve a high percentage of high-need schools and— 
‘‘(i) have the highest number or proportion of 
children who are counted under section 1124(c), in comparison to other local educational agen-cies in the State; 
‘‘(ii) are among the local educational agencies 
in the State with the highest number or percent-ages of children reading or writing below grade level, based on the most currently available State academic assessment data under section 1111(b)(2); or 
‘‘(iii) serve a significant number or percentage 
of schools that are implementing comprehensive support and improvement activities and targeted support and improvement activities under sec-tion 1111(d); 
‘‘(B) one or more early childhood education 
programs serving low-income or otherwise dis-advantaged children, which may include home- based literacy programs for preschool-aged chil-dren, that have a demonstrated record of pro-viding comprehensive literacy instruction for the age group such program proposes to serve; or 
‘‘(C) a local educational agency, described in 
subparagraph (A), or consortium of such local educational agencies, or an early childhood education program, which may include home- based literacy programs for preschool-aged chil-dren, acting in partnership with 1 or more pub-lic or private nonprofit organizations or agen-cies (which may include early childhood edu-cation programs) that have a demonstrated record of effectiveness in— 
‘‘(i) improving literacy achievement of chil-
dren, consistent with the purposes of participa-tion under this subpart, from birth through grade 12; and 
‘‘(ii) providing professional development in 
comprehensive literacy instruction. 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-need 
school’ means— 
‘‘(i) an elementary school or middle school in 
which not less than 50 percent of the enrolled students are children from low-income families; or 
‘‘(ii) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are children from low-income families, which may be cal-culated using comparable data from the schools that feed into the high school. 
‘‘(B) L
OW-INCOME FAMILY .—For purposes of 
subparagraph (A), the term ‘low-income family’ means a family— 
‘‘(i) in which the children are eligible for a 
free or reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘(ii) receiving assistance under the program of 
block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families established under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
‘‘(iii) in which the children are eligible to re-
ceive medical assistance under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 2222. COMPREHENSIVE LITERACY STATE 
DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the amounts 
reserved by the Secretary under section 2201(2) and not reserved under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to State educational agencies to enable the State educational agencies to— 
‘‘(1) provide subgrants to eligible entities serv-
ing a diversity of geographic areas, giving pri-ority to entities serving greater numbers or per-centages of children from low-income families; and 
‘‘(2) develop or enhance comprehensive lit-
eracy instruction plans that ensure high-quality instruction and effective strategies in reading and writing for children from early childhood education through grade 12, including English learners and children with disabilities. ‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the amounts re-
served to carry out this subpart for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) not more than a total of 5 percent for na-
tional activities, including a national evalua-tion, technical assistance and training, data collection, and reporting; 
‘‘(2) one half of 1 percent for the Secretary of 
the Interior to carry out a program described in this subpart at schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
‘‘(3) one half of 1 percent for the outlying 
areas to carry out a program under this subpart. 
‘‘(c) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant awarded 
under this subpart shall be for a period of not more than 5 years total. Such grant may be re-newed for an additional 2-year period upon the termination of the initial period of the grant if the grant recipient demonstrates to the satisfac-tion of the Secretary that— 
‘‘(1) the State has made adequate progress; 
and 
‘‘(2) renewing the grant for an additional 2- 
year period is necessary to carry out the objec-tives of the grant described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) S
TATE APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agency 
desiring a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire. The State educational agency shall col-laborate with the State agency responsible for administering early childhood education pro-grams and the State agency responsible for ad-ministering child care programs in the State in writing and implementing the early childhood education portion of the grant application under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application described in 
paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) A needs assessment that analyzes lit-
eracy needs across the State and in high-need schools and local educational agencies that serve high-need schools, including identifying the most significant gaps in literacy proficiency and inequities in student access to effective teachers of literacy, considering each of the sub-groups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2). 
‘‘(B) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency, in collaboration with the State literacy team, if applicable, will develop a State comprehensive literacy instruction plan or will revise and update an already existing State comprehensive literacy instruction plan. 
‘‘(C) An implementation plan that includes a 
description of how the State educational agency will carry out the State activities described in subsection (f). 
‘‘(D) An assurance that the State educational 
agency will use implementation grant funds de-scribed in subsection (f)(1) for comprehensive lit-eracy instruction programs as follows: 
‘‘(i) Not less than 15 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities pertaining to children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(ii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities, allocated equitably among the grades of kindergarten through grade 5. 
‘‘(iii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities, allocated equitably among grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(E) An assurance that the State educational 
agency will give priority in awarding a subgrant under section 2223 to an eligible entity that— 
‘‘(i) serves children from birth through age 5 
who are from families with income levels at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty line; or 
‘‘(ii) is a local educational agency serving a 
high number or percentage of high-need schools. 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to State educational agencies that will use the grant funds for evidence-based activities, de-fined for the purpose of this subsection as ac-
tivities meeting the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘(f) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agency 
receiving a grant under this section shall use not less than 95 percent of such grant funds to award subgrants to eligible entities, based on their needs assessment and a competitive appli-cation process. 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION .—A State educational agen-
cy receiving a grant under this section may re-serve not more than 5 percent for activities iden-tified through the needs assessment and com-prehensive literacy plan described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of subsection (d)(2), includ-ing the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Providing technical assistance, or engag-
ing qualified providers to provide technical as-sistance, to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to design and implement literacy pro-grams. 
‘‘(B) Coordinating with institutions of higher 
education in the State to provide recommenda-tions to strengthen and enhance pre-service courses for students preparing to teach children from birth through grade 12 in explicit, system-atic, and intensive instruction in evidence-based literacy methods. 
‘‘(C) Reviewing and updating, in collabora-
tion with teachers and institutions of higher education, State licensure or certification stand-ards in the area of literacy instruction in early education through grade 12. 
‘‘(D) Making publicly available, including on 
the State educational agency’s website, informa-tion on promising instructional practices to im-prove child literacy achievement. 
‘‘(E) Administering and monitoring the imple-
mentation of subgrants by eligible entities. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL USES .—After carrying out the 
activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2), a State educational agency may use any remain-ing amount to carry out 1 or more of the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(A) Developing literacy coach training pro-
grams and training literacy coaches. 
‘‘(B) Administration and evaluation of activi-
ties carried out under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 2223. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES IN 
SUPPORT OF BIRTH THROUGH KIN-DERGARTEN ENTRY LITERACY. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agency 
receiving a grant under this subpart shall, in consultation with the State agencies responsible for administering early childhood education programs and services, including the State agen-cy responsible for administering child care pro-grams, and, if applicable, the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care designated or established pursuant to sec-tion 642B(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)(1)(A)(i)), use a portion of the grant funds, in accordance with section 2222(d)(2)(D)(i), to award subgrants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to enable the el-igible entities to support high-quality early lit-eracy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—The term of a subgrant 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—Each 
subgrant awarded under this section shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible en-tity to carry out high-quality early literacy ini-tiatives for children from birth through kinder-garten entry. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity 
desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. Such applica-tion shall include a description of— 
‘‘(1) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
enhance the language and literacy development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8480 November 30, 2015 
and school readiness of children, from birth 
through kindergarten entry, in early childhood education programs, which shall include an analysis of data that support the proposed use of subgrant funds; 
‘‘(2) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
prepare and provide ongoing assistance to staff in the programs, including through high-quality professional development; 
‘‘(3) how the activities assisted under the 
subgrant will be coordinated with comprehen-sive literacy instruction at the kindergarten through grade 12 levels; and 
‘‘(4) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
evaluate the success of the activities assisted under the subgrant in enhancing the early lan-guage and literacy development of children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the State educational agency shall give priority to an eligible entity that will use the grant funds to implement evidence-based ac-tivities, defined for the purpose of this sub-section as activities meeting the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘(d) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS.—An eligible enti-
ty that receives a subgrant under this section shall use the subgrant funds, consistent with the entity’s approved application under sub-section (b), to— 
‘‘(1) carry out high-quality professional devel-
opment opportunities for early childhood edu-cators, teachers, principals, other school lead-ers, paraprofessionals, specialized instructional support personnel, and instructional leaders; 
‘‘(2) train providers and personnel to develop 
and administer evidence-based early childhood education literacy initiatives; and 
‘‘(3) coordinate the involvement of families, 
early childhood education program staff, prin-cipals, other school leaders, specialized instruc-tional support personnel (as appropriate), and teachers in literacy development of children served under the subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 2224. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES IN 
SUPPORT OF KINDERGARTEN THROUGH GRADE 12 LITERACY. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) S UBGRANTS .—A State educational agency 
receiving a grant under this subpart shall use a portion of the grant funds, in accordance with clauses (ii) and (iii) of section 2222(d)(2)(D), to award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to eli-gible entities to enable the eligible entities to carry out the authorized activities described in subsections (c) and (d). 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—The term of a subgrant 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—A State 
educational agency shall award subgrants under this section of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entities to carry out high-qual-ity comprehensive literacy instruction in each grade level for which the subgrant funds are provided. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity 
desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. Such applica-tion shall include, for each school that the eligi-ble entity identifies as participating in a subgrant program under this section, the fol-lowing information: 
‘‘(A) A description of the eligible entity’s 
needs assessment conducted to identify how subgrant funds will be used to inform and im-prove comprehensive literacy instruction at the school. 
‘‘(B) How the school, the local educational 
agency, or a provider of high-quality profes-sional development will provide ongoing high- quality professional development to all teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized in-structional support personnel (as appropriate), and other instructional leaders served by the 
school. 
‘‘(C) How the school will identify children in 
need of literacy interventions or other support services. 
‘‘(D) An explanation of how the school will 
integrate comprehensive literacy instruction into a well-rounded education. 
‘‘(E) A description of how the school will co-
ordinate comprehensive literacy instruction with early childhood education programs and activi-ties and after-school programs and activities in the area served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the State educational agency shall give priority to an eligible entity that will use funds under subsection (c) or (d) to implement evidence-based activities, defined for the pur-pose of this subsection as activities meeting the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS FOR KINDER -
GARTEN THROUGH GRADE 5.—An eligible entity 
that receives a subgrant under this section shall use the subgrant funds to carry out the fol-lowing activities pertaining to children in kin-dergarten through grade 5: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing a com-
prehensive literacy instruction plan across con-tent areas for such children that— 
‘‘(A) serves the needs of all children, includ-
ing children with disabilities and English learn-ers, especially children who are reading or writ-ing below grade level; 
‘‘(B) provides intensive, supplemental, accel-
erated, and explicit intervention and support in reading and writing for children whose literacy skills are below grade level; and 
‘‘(C) supports activities that are provided pri-
marily during the regular school day but that may be augmented by after-school and out-of- school time instruction. 
‘‘(2) Providing high-quality professional de-
velopment opportunities for teachers, literacy coaches, literacy specialists, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, school librarians, para-professionals, and other program staff. 
‘‘(3) Training principals, specialized instruc-
tional support personnel, and other local edu-cational agency personnel to support, develop, administer, and evaluate high-quality kinder-garten through grade 5 literacy initiatives. 
‘‘(4) Coordinating the involvement of early 
childhood education program staff, principals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher lit-eracy teams, English as a second language spe-cialists (as appropriate), special educators, school personnel, and specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate) in the lit-eracy development of children served under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) Engaging families and encouraging fam-
ily literacy experiences and practices to support literacy development. 
‘‘(d) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS FOR GRADES 6 
THROUGH 12.—An eligible entity that receives a 
subgrant under this section shall use subgrant funds to carry out the following activities per-taining to children in grades 6 through 12: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing a com-
prehensive literacy instruction plan described in subsection (c)(1) for children in grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(2) Training principals, specialized instruc-
tional support personnel, school librarians, and other local educational agency personnel to sup-port, develop, administer, and evaluate high- quality comprehensive literacy instruction ini-tiatives for grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(3) Assessing the quality of adolescent com-
prehensive literacy instruction as part of a well- rounded education. 
‘‘(4) Providing time for teachers to meet to 
plan evidence-based adolescent comprehensive literacy instruction to be delivered as part of a well-rounded education. 
‘‘(5) Coordinating the involvement of prin-
cipals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second lan-
guage specialists (as appropriate), paraprofes-sionals, special educators, specialized instruc-tional support personnel (as appropriate), and school personnel in the literacy development of children served under this subsection. 
‘‘(e) A
LLOWABLE USES.—An eligible entity 
that receives a subgrant under this section may, in addition to carrying out the activities de-scribed in subsections (c) and (d), use subgrant funds to carry out the following activities per-taining to children in kindergarten through grade 12: 
‘‘(1) Recruiting, placing, training, and com-
pensating literacy coaches. 
‘‘(2) Connecting out-of-school learning oppor-
tunities to in-school learning in order to improve children’s literacy achievement. 
‘‘(3) Training families and caregivers to sup-
port the improvement of adolescent literacy. 
‘‘(4) Providing for a multi-tier system of sup-
ports for literacy services. 
‘‘(5) Forming a school literacy leadership team 
to help implement, assess, and identify nec-essary changes to the literacy initiatives in 1 or more schools to ensure success. 
‘‘(6) Providing time for teachers (and other lit-
eracy staff, as appropriate, such as school li-brarians or specialized instructional support personnel) to meet to plan comprehensive lit-eracy instruction. 
‘‘SEC. 2225. NATIONAL EVALUATION AND INFOR-
MATION DISSEMINATION. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL EVALUATION .—From funds re-
served under section 2222(b)(1), the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall con-duct a national evaluation of the grant and subgrant programs assisted under this subpart. Such evaluation shall include high-quality re-search that applies rigorous and systematic pro-cedures to obtain valid knowledge relevant to the implementation and effect of the programs and shall directly coordinate with individual State evaluations of the programs’ implementa-tion and impact. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM IMPROVEMENT .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(1) provide the findings of the evaluation 
conducted under this section to State edu-cational agencies and subgrant recipients for use in program improvement; 
‘‘(2) make such findings publicly available, in-
cluding on the websites of the Department and the Institute of Education Sciences; 
‘‘(3) submit such findings to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(4) make publicly available, in a manner 
consistent with paragraph (2), best practices for implementing evidence-based activities under this subpart, including evidence-based activities, defined for the purpose of this paragraph as ac-tivities meeting the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘SEC. 2226. INNOVATIVE APPROACHES TO LIT-
ERACY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts reserved 
under section 2201(2), the Secretary may award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities for the purposes of promoting literacy programs that support the development of literacy skills in low-income communities, including— 
‘‘(1) developing and enhancing effective 
school library programs, which may include pro-viding professional development for school li-brarians, books, and up-to-date materials to high-need schools; 
‘‘(2) early literacy services, including pediatric 
literacy programs through which, during well- child visits, medical providers trained in re-search-based methods of early language and lit-eracy promotion provide developmentally appro-priate books and recommendations to parents to encourage them to read aloud to their children starting in infancy; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8481 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(3) programs that provide high-quality books 
on a regular basis to children and adolescents from low-income communities to increase read-ing motivation, performance, and frequency. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency in which 20 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from families with an income below the poverty line; 
‘‘(B) a consortium of such local educational 
agencies; 
‘‘(C) the Bureau of Indian Education; or ‘‘(D) an eligible national nonprofit organiza-
tion. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE NATIONAL NONPROFIT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘eligible national nonprofit or-
ganization’ means an organization of national scope that— 
‘‘(A) is supported by staff, which may include 
volunteers, or affiliates at the State and local levels; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrates effectiveness or high-qual-
ity plans for addressing childhood literacy ac-tivities for the population targeted by the grant. 
‘‘Subpart 3—American History and Civics 
Education 
‘‘SEC. 2231. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
by the Secretary under section 2201(3), the Sec-retary is authorized to carry out an American history and civics education program to im-prove— 
‘‘(1) the quality of American history, civics, 
and government education by educating stu-dents about the history and principles of the Constitution of the United States, including the Bill of Rights; and 
‘‘(2) the quality of the teaching of American 
history, civics, and government in elementary schools and secondary schools, including the teaching of traditional American history. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—Of the amount 
available under subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall reserve not less than 26 percent for 
activities under section 2232; and 
‘‘(2) may reserve not more than 74 percent for 
activities under section 2233. 
‘‘SEC. 2232. PRESIDENTIAL AND CONGRESSIONAL 
ACADEMIES FOR AMERICAN HIS-TORY AND CIVICS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts reserved 
under section 2231(b)(1) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award not more than 12 grants, on a competitive basis, to— 
‘‘(1) eligible entities to establish Presidential 
Academies for the Teaching of American History and Civics (in this section referred to as the ‘Presidential Academies’) in accordance with subsection (e); and 
‘‘(2) eligible entities to establish Congressional 
Academies for Students of American History and Civics (in this section referred to as the ‘Con-gressional Academies’) in accordance with sub-section (f). 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity that de-
sires to receive a grant under subsection (a) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible en-
tity’ under this section means— 
‘‘(1) an institution of higher education or 
nonprofit educational organization, museum, li-brary, or research center with demonstrated ex-pertise in historical methodology or the teaching of American history and civics; or 
‘‘(2) a consortium of entities described in 
paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) G
RANT TERMS .—Grants awarded to eligi-
ble entities under subsection (a) shall be for a term of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(e) P
RESIDENTIAL ACADEMIES .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall use the grant funds to establish a Presidential 
Academy that offers a seminar or institute for teachers of American history and civics, which— 
‘‘(A) provides intensive professional develop-
ment opportunities for teachers of American his-tory and civics to strengthen such teachers’ knowledge of the subjects of American history and civics; 
‘‘(B) is led by a team of primary scholars and 
core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
‘‘(C) is conducted during the summer or other 
appropriate time; and 
‘‘(D) is of not less than 2 weeks and not more 
than 6 weeks in duration. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF TEACHERS .—Each year, 
each Presidential Academy shall select between 50 and 300 teachers of American history and civics from public or private elementary schools and secondary schools to attend the seminar or institute under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) T
EACHER STIPENDS .—Each teacher se-
lected to participate in a seminar or institute under this subsection shall be awarded a fixed stipend based on the length of the seminar or in-stitute to ensure that such teacher does not incur personal costs associated with the teach-er’s participation in the seminar or institute. 
‘‘(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that coordinate or align their activities with the National Park Service National Centennial Parks initiative to develop innovative and comprehensive programs using the resources of the National Parks. 
‘‘(f) C
ONGRESSIONAL ACADEMIES .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) shall use the grant funds to establish a Congressional Academy that offers a seminar or institute for outstanding students of American history and civics, which— 
‘‘(A) broadens and deepens such students’ un-
derstanding of American history and civics; 
‘‘(B) is led by a team of primary scholars and 
core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
‘‘(C) is conducted during the summer or other 
appropriate time; and 
‘‘(D) is of not less than 2 weeks and not more 
than 6 weeks in duration. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF STUDENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each year, each Congres-
sional Academy shall select between 100 and 300 eligible students to attend the seminar or insti-tute under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE STUDENTS .—A student shall be 
eligible to attend a seminar or institute offered by a Congressional Academy under this sub-section if the student— 
‘‘(i) is recommended by the student’s sec-
ondary school principal or other school leader to attend the seminar or institute; and 
‘‘(ii) will be a secondary school junior or sen-
ior in the academic year following attendance at the seminar or institute. 
‘‘(3) S
TUDENT STIPENDS .—Each student se-
lected to participate in a seminar or institute under this subsection shall be awarded a fixed stipend based on the length of the seminar or in-stitute to ensure that such student does not incur personal costs associated with the stu-dent’s participation in the seminar or institute. 
‘‘(g) M
ATCHING FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives funds under subsection (a) shall provide, toward the cost of the activities assisted under the grant, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 100 percent of the amount of the grant. 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive all or 
part of the matching requirement described in paragraph (1) for any fiscal year for an eligible entity if the Secretary determines that applying the matching requirement would result in seri-ous hardship or an inability to carry out the ac-tivities described in subsection (e) or (f). 
‘‘SEC. 2233. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is 
to promote new and existing evidence-based strategies to encourage innovative American his-
tory, civics and government, and geography in-struction, learning strategies, and professional development activities and programs for teach-ers, principals, or other school leaders, particu-larly such instruction, strategies, activities, and programs that benefit low-income students and underserved populations. 
‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—From the amounts reserved 
by the Secretary under section 2231(b)(2), the 
Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities for the purposes of ex-panding, developing, implementing, evaluating, and disseminating for voluntary use, innova-tive, evidence-based approaches or professional development programs in American history, civics and government, and geography, which— 
‘‘(1) shall— ‘‘(A) show potential to improve the quality of 
student achievement in, and teaching of, Amer-ican history, civics and government, or geog-raphy, in elementary schools and secondary schools; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrate innovation, scalability, ac-
countability, and a focus on underserved popu-lations; and 
‘‘(2) may include— ‘‘(A) hands-on civic engagement activities for 
teachers and students; and 
‘‘(B) programs that educate students about 
the history and principles of the Constitution of the United States, including the Bill of Rights. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a 
grant awarded under this section for 1 addi-tional 2-year period. 
‘‘(3) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to receive a 
grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means an institution of higher education or other nonprofit or for-profit organization with demonstrated expertise in the development of evidence-based approaches with the potential to improve the quality of American history, civics and government, or geography learning and teaching. 
‘‘Subpart 4—Programs of National 
Significance 
‘‘SEC. 2241. FUNDING ALLOTMENT. 
‘‘From the funds reserved under section 
2201(4), the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall use not less than 74 percent to carry 
out activities under section 2242; 
‘‘(2) shall use not less than 22 percent to carry 
out activities under section 2243; 
‘‘(3) shall use not less than 2 percent to carry 
out activities under section 2244; and 
‘‘(4) may reserve not more than 2 percent to 
carry out activities under section 2245. 
‘‘SEC. 2242. SUPPORTING EFFECTIVE EDUCATOR 
DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved by 
the Secretary under section 2241(1) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities for the pur-poses of— 
‘‘(1) providing teachers, principals, or other 
school leaders from nontraditional preparation and certification routes or pathways to serve in traditionally underserved local educational agencies; 
‘‘(2) providing evidence-based professional de-
velopment activities that address literacy, numeracy, remedial, or other needs of local edu-cational agencies and the students the agencies serve; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8482 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(3) providing teachers, principals, or other 
school leaders with professional development ac-tivities that enhance or enable the provision of postsecondary coursework through dual or con-current enrollment programs and early college high school settings across a local educational agency; 
‘‘(4) making freely available services and 
learning opportunities to local educational agencies, through partnerships and cooperative agreements or by making the services or oppor-tunities publicly accessible through electronic means; or 
‘‘(5) providing teachers, principals, or other 
school leaders with evidence-based professional enhancement activities, which may include ac-tivities that lead to an advanced credential. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a 
grant awarded under this section for 1 addi-tional 2-year period. 
‘‘(3) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award more than 1 grant under this section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
‘‘(c) C
OST-SHARING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this section shall provide, from non-Federal sources, not less than 25 per-cent of the funds for the total cost for each year of activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(2) A
CCEPTABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—An eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this section may meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by providing contributions in cash or in kind, fair-ly evaluated, including plant, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive or 
modify the requirement of paragraph (1) in cases of demonstrated financial hardship. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to receive a 
grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. Such application shall in-clude, at a minimum, a certification that the services provided by an eligible entity under the grant to a local educational agency or to a school served by the local educational agency will not result in direct fees for participating students or parents. 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity that will implement evidence- based activities, defined for the purpose of this subsection as activities meeting the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this 
section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) an institution of higher education that 
provides course materials or resources that are 
evidence-based in increasing academic achieve-ment, graduation rates, or rates of postsec-ondary education matriculation; 
‘‘(2) a national nonprofit entity with a dem-
onstrated record of raising student academic achievement, graduation rates, and rates of higher education attendance, matriculation, or completion, or of effectiveness in providing prep-aration and professional development activities and programs for teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(3) the Bureau of Indian Education; or ‘‘(4) a partnership consisting of— ‘‘(A) 1 or more entities described in paragraph 
(1) or (2); and 
‘‘(B) a for-profit entity. 
‘‘SEC. 2243. SCHOOL LEADER RECRUITMENT AND 
SUPPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
under section 2241(2) for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall award grants, on a competitive 
basis, to eligible entities to enable such entities to improve the recruitment, preparation, place-ment, support, and retention of effective prin-cipals or other school leaders in high-need schools, which may include— 
‘‘(1) developing or implementing leadership 
training programs designed to prepare and sup-port principals or other school leaders in high- need schools, including through new or alter-native pathways or school leader residency pro-grams; 
‘‘(2) developing or implementing programs or 
activities for recruiting, selecting, and devel-oping aspiring or current principals or other school leaders to serve in high-need schools; 
‘‘(3) developing or implementing programs for 
recruiting, developing, and placing school lead-ers to improve schools implementing comprehen-sive support and improvement activities and tar-geted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d), including through cohort-based activities that build effective instructional and school leadership teams and develop a school culture, design, instructional program, and pro-fessional development program focused on im-proving student learning; 
‘‘(4) providing continuous professional devel-
opment for principals or other school leaders in high-need schools; 
‘‘(5) developing and disseminating information 
on best practices and strategies for effective school leadership in high-need schools, such as training and supporting principals to identify, develop, and maintain school leadership teams using various leadership models; and 
‘‘(6) other evidence-based programs or activi-
ties described in section 2101(c)(4) or section 2103(b)(3) focused on principals or other school leaders in high-need schools. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a 
grant awarded under this section for 1 addi-tional 2-year period. 
‘‘(3) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award more than 1 grant under this section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
‘‘(c) C
OST-SHARING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this section shall provide, from non-Federal sources, not less than 25 per-cent of the funds for the total cost for each year of activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(2) A
CCEPTABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—An eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this section may meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by providing contributions in cash or in kind, fair-ly evaluated, including plant, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive or 
modify the requirement of paragraph (1) in cases of demonstrated financial hardship. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity that 
desires a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, and in such manner, as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity— 
‘‘(1) with a record of preparing or developing 
principals who— 
‘‘(A) have improved school-level student out-
comes; 
‘‘(B) have become principals in high-need 
schools; and 
‘‘(C) remain principals in high-need schools 
for multiple years; and 
‘‘(2) who will implement evidence-based activi-
ties, defined for the purpose of this paragraph as activities meeting the requirements of section 
8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency, including an 
educational service agency, that serves a high- need school or a consortium of such agencies; 
‘‘(B) a State educational agency or a consor-
tium of such agencies; 
‘‘(C) a State educational agency in partner-
ship with 1 or more local educational agencies, or educational service agencies, that serve a high-need school; 
‘‘(D) the Bureau of Indian Education; or ‘‘(E) an entity described in subparagraph (A), 
(B), (C), or (D) in partnership with 1 or more nonprofit organizations or institutions of higher education. 
‘‘(2) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high-need 
school’ means— 
‘‘(A) an elementary school in which not less 
than 50 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the poverty line; or 
‘‘(B) a secondary school in which not less 
than 40 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the poverty line. 
‘‘SEC. 2244. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND NA-
TIONAL EVALUATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
under section 2241(3) for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary— 
‘‘(1) shall establish, in a manner consistent 
with section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602), a com-prehensive center on students at risk of not at-taining full literacy skills due to a disability that meets the purposes of subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) may— ‘‘(A) provide technical assistance, which may 
be carried out directly or through grants or con-tracts, to States and local educational agencies carrying out activities under this part; and 
‘‘(B) carry out evaluations of activities by 
States and local educational agencies under this part, which shall be conducted by a third party or by the Institute of Education Sciences. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—The comprehensive center es-
tablished by the Secretary under subsection (a)(1) shall— 
‘‘(1) identify or develop free or low-cost evi-
dence-based assessment tools for identifying stu-dents at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting reading or writing, or developmental delay im-pacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehension, or executive functioning; 
‘‘(2) identify evidence-based literacy instruc-
tion, strategies, and accommodations, including assistive technology, designed to meet the spe-cific needs of such students; 
‘‘(3) provide families of such students with in-
formation to assist such students; 
‘‘(4) identify or develop evidence-based profes-
sional development for teachers, paraprofes-sionals, principals, other school leaders, and specialized instructional support personnel to— 
‘‘(A) understand early indicators of students 
at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting read-ing or writing, or developmental delay impact-ing reading, writing, language processing, com-prehension, or executive functioning; 
‘‘(B) use evidence-based screening assessments 
for early identification of such students begin-ning not later than kindergarten; and 
‘‘(C) implement evidence-based instruction de-
signed to meet the specific needs of such stu-dents; and 
‘‘(5) disseminate the products of the com-
prehensive center to regionally diverse State educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, regional educational agencies, and schools, including, as appropriate, through partnerships with other comprehensive centers established under section 203 of the Educational Technical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8483 November 30, 2015 
Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602), and re-
gional educational laboratories established under section 174 of the Education Sciences Re-form Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9564). 
‘‘SEC. 2245. STEM MASTER TEACHER CORPS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
under section 2241(4) for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary may award grants to— 
‘‘(1) State educational agencies to enable such 
agencies to support the development of a State- wide STEM master teacher corps; or 
‘‘(2) State educational agencies, or nonprofit 
organizations in partnership with State edu-cational agencies, to support the implementa-tion, replication, or expansion of effective science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics professional development programs in schools across the State through collaboration with school administrators, principals, and STEM educators. 
‘‘(b) STEM M
ASTER TEACHER CORPS.—In this 
section, the term ‘STEM master teacher corps’ means a State-led effort to elevate the status of the science, technology, engineering, and math-ematics teaching profession by recognizing, re-warding, attracting, and retaining outstanding science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics teachers, particularly in high-need and rural schools, by— 
‘‘(1) selecting candidates to be master teachers 
in the corps on the basis of— 
‘‘(A) content knowledge based on a screening 
examination; and 
‘‘(B) pedagogical knowledge of and success in 
teaching; 
‘‘(2) offering such teachers opportunities to— ‘‘(A) work with one another in scholarly com-
munities; and 
‘‘(B) participate in and lead high-quality pro-
fessional development; and 
‘‘(3) providing such teachers with additional 
appropriate and substantial compensation for the work described in paragraph (2) and in the master teacher community. 
‘‘PART C—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 2301. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under this title shall 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, non- Federal funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this title. 
‘‘SEC. 2302. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL MAN-
DATES , DIRECTION , ORCONTROL .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to authorize the Sec-retary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or con-trol a State, local educational agency, or school’s— 
‘‘(1) instructional content or materials, cur-
riculum, program of instruction, academic standards, or academic assessments; 
‘‘(2) teacher, principal, or other school leader 
evaluation system; 
‘‘(3) specific definition of teacher, principal, 
or other school leader effectiveness; or 
‘‘(4) teacher, principal, or other school leader 
professional standards, certification, or licens-ing. 
‘‘(b) S
CHOOL OR DISTRICT EMPLOYEES .—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and proce-dures afforded school or school district employ-ees under Federal, State, or local laws (includ-ing applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agree-ments, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers.’’. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
SEC. 3001. REDESIGNATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-
SIONS. 
Title III (20 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by striking the title heading and inserting 
‘‘LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR ENGLISH 
LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS ’’; (2) in part A— 
(A) by striking section 3122; (B) by redesignating sections 3123 through 
3129 as sections 3122 through 3128, respectively; and 
(C) by striking subpart 4; (3) by striking part B; (4) by redesignating part C as part B; and (5) in part B, as redesignated by paragraph 
(4)— 
(A) by redesignating section 3301 as section 
3201; 
(B) by striking section 3302; and (C) by redesignating sections 3303 and 3304 as 
sections 3202 and 3203, respectively. 
SEC. 3002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 3001 (20 U.S.C. 6801) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3001. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this title— 
‘‘(1) $756,332,450 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $769,568,267 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $784,959,633 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(4) $884,959,633 for fiscal year 2020.’’. 
SEC. 3003. ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION, 
LANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT, AND ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT. 
(a) P URPOSES .—Section 3102 (20 U.S.C. 6812) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3102. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— 
‘‘(1) to help ensure that English learners, in-
cluding immigrant children and youth, attain English proficiency and develop high levels of academic achievement in English; 
‘‘(2) to assist all English learners, including 
immigrant children and youth, to achieve at high levels in academic subjects so that all English learners can meet the same challenging State academic standards that all children are expected to meet; 
‘‘(3) to assist teachers (including preschool 
teachers), principals and other school leaders, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and schools in establishing, imple-menting, and sustaining effective language in-struction educational programs designed to as-sist in teaching English learners, including im-migrant children and youth; 
‘‘(4) to assist teachers (including preschool 
teachers), principals and other school leaders, State educational agencies, and local edu-cational agencies to develop and enhance their capacity to provide effective instructional pro-grams designed to prepare English learners, in-cluding immigrant children and youth, to enter all-English instructional settings; and 
‘‘(5) to promote parental, family, and commu-
nity participation in language instruction edu-cational programs for the parents, families, and communities of English learners.’’. 
(b) F
ORMULA GRANTS TO STATES .—Section 
3111 (20 U.S.C. 6821) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) through (D) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Establishing and implementing, with 
timely and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geo-graphic diversity of the State, standardized statewide entrance and exit procedures, includ-ing a requirement that all students who may be English learners are assessed for such status within 30 days of enrollment in a school in the State. 
‘‘(B) Providing effective teacher and principal 
preparation, effective professional development activities, and other effective activities related to the education of English learners, which may include assisting teachers, principals, and other educators in— 
‘‘(i) meeting State and local certification and 
licensing requirements for teaching English learners; and ‘‘(ii) improving teaching skills in meeting the 
diverse needs of English learners, including how to implement effective programs and curricula on teaching English learners. 
‘‘(C) Planning, evaluation, administration, 
and interagency coordination related to the sub-grants referred to in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(D) Providing technical assistance and other 
forms of assistance to eligible entities that are receiving subgrants from a State educational agency under this subpart, including assistance in— 
‘‘(i) identifying and implementing effective 
language instruction educational programs and curricula for teaching English learners; 
‘‘(ii) helping English learners meet the same 
challenging State academic standards that all children are expected to meet; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing, and imple-
menting, measures of English proficiency; and 
‘‘(iv) strengthening and increasing parent, 
family, and community engagement in programs that serve English learners. 
‘‘(E) Providing recognition, which may in-
clude providing financial awards, to recipients of subgrants under section 3115 that have sig-nificantly improved the achievement and progress of English learners in meeting— 
‘‘(i) the State-designed long-term goals estab-
lished under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(ii), including measurements of interim progress towards meet-ing such goals, based on the State’s English lan-guage proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); and 
‘‘(ii) the challenging State academic stand-
ards.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘A
D-
MINISTRATIVE ’’ and inserting ‘‘D IRECT ADMINIS -
TRATIVE ’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘60 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 
percent’’; and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘direct’’ before ‘‘administra-
tive costs’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘section 3001(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3001’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(C) 6.5 percent of such amount for national 
activities under sections 3131 and 3202, except that not more than $2,000,000 of such amount may be reserved for the National Clearinghouse for English Language Acquisition and Lan-guage Instruction Educational Programs de-scribed in section 3202.’’; and 
(iv) by striking subparagraph (D); (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(D) in paragraph (2)(A), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C)— 
(i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘section 3001(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3001’’; 
(ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘limited English 
proficient’’ and all that follows through ‘‘States; and’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners in the State bears to the number of English learners in all States, as determined in accord-ance with paragraph (3)(A); and’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, as deter-
mined in accordance with paragraph (3)(B)’’ be-fore the period at the end; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) U
SE OF DATA FOR DETERMINATIONS .—In 
making State allotments under paragraph (2) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) determine the number of English learners 
in a State and in all States, using the most ac-curate, up-to-date data, which shall be— 
‘‘(i) data available from the American Commu-
nity Survey conducted by the Department of Commerce, which may be multiyear estimates; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8484 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(ii) the number of students being assessed for 
English language proficiency, based on the State’s English language proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G), which may be multiyear estimates; or 
‘‘(iii) a combination of data available under 
clauses (i) and (ii); and 
‘‘(B) determine the number of immigrant chil-
dren and youth in the State and in all States based only on data available from the American Community Survey conducted by the Depart-ment of Commerce, which may be multiyear esti-mates.’’. 
(c) N
ATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA NATIVE  
CHILDREN IN SCHOOL .—Section 3112(a) (20 
U.S.C. 6822(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
(d) S
TATE AND SPECIALLY QUALIFIED AGENCY  
PLANS.—Section 3113 (20 U.S.C. 6823) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, in such 
manner, and containing such information’’ and inserting ‘‘and in such manner’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘making’’ 
and inserting ‘‘awarding’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraphs (2) through (6) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) describe how the agency will establish 
and implement, with timely and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geographic diversity of the State, standardized, statewide entrance and exit procedures, including an assurance that all stu-dents who may be English learners are assessed for such status within 30 days of enrollment in a school in the State; 
‘‘(3) provide an assurance that— ‘‘(A) the agency will ensure that eligible enti-
ties receiving a subgrant under this subpart comply with the requirement in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(ix) regarding assessment of English learners in English; 
‘‘(B) the agency will ensure that eligible enti-
ties receiving a subgrant under this subpart an-nually assess the English proficiency of all English learners participating in a program funded under this subpart, consistent with sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(G); 
‘‘(C) in awarding subgrants under section 
3114, the agency will address the needs of school systems of all sizes and in all geographic areas, including school systems with rural and urban schools; 
‘‘(D) subgrants to eligible entities under sec-
tion 3114(d)(1) will be of sufficient size and scope to allow such entities to carry out effec-tive language instruction educational programs for English learners; 
‘‘(E) the agency will require an eligible entity 
receiving a subgrant under this subpart to use the subgrant in ways that will build such recipi-ent’s capacity to continue to offer effective lan-guage instruction educational programs that as-sist English learners in meeting challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(F) the agency will monitor each eligible en-
tity receiving a subgrant under this subpart for compliance with applicable Federal fiscal re-quirements; and 
‘‘(G) the plan has been developed in consulta-
tion with local educational agencies, teachers, administrators of programs implemented under this subpart, parents of English learners, and other relevant stakeholders; 
‘‘(4) describe how the agency will coordinate 
its programs and activities under this subpart with other programs and activities under this Act and other Acts, as appropriate; 
‘‘(5) describe how each eligible entity will be 
given the flexibility to teach English learners— 
‘‘(A) using a high-quality, effective language 
instruction curriculum for teaching English learners; and 
‘‘(B) in the manner the eligible entity deter-
mines to be the most effective; 
‘‘(6) describe how the agency will assist eligi-
ble entities in meeting— ‘‘(A) the State-designed long-term goals estab-
lished under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(ii), including measurements of interim progress towards meet-ing such goals, based on the State’s English lan-guage proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); and 
‘‘(B) the challenging State academic stand-
ards; 
‘‘(7) describe how the agency will meet the 
unique needs of children and youth in the State being served through the reservation of funds under section 3114(d); and 
‘‘(8) describe— ‘‘(A) how the agency will monitor the progress 
of each eligible entity receiving a subgrant under this subpart in helping English learners achieve English proficiency; and 
‘‘(B) the steps the agency will take to further 
assist eligible entities if the strategies funded under this subpart are not effective, such as providing technical assistance and modifying such strategies.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘this part’’ 
each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘this subpart’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘this 
part’’ and inserting ‘‘this subpart’’; 
(4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘section 
9302’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8302’’; and 
(5) in subsection (f)— (A) by inserting ‘‘by the State’’ after ‘‘if re-
quested’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘, objectives,’’. (e) W
ITHIN -STATE ALLOCATIONS .—Section 3114 
(20 U.S.C. 6824) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—After making the reserva-
tion required under subsection (d)(1), each State educational agency receiving a grant under sec-tion 3111(c)(2) shall award subgrants for a fiscal year by allocating in a timely manner to each eligible entity in the State having a plan ap-proved under section 3116 an amount that bears the same relationship to the amount received under the grant and remaining after making such reservation as the population of English learners in schools served by the eligible entity bears to the population of English learners in schools served by all eligible entities in the State.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 3111(c)(3)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 3111(c)(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘preceding the fiscal year’’. (f) S
UBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Section 
3115 (20 U.S.C. 6825) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 3115. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES OF SUBGRANTS .—A State edu-
cational agency may make a subgrant to an eli-gible entity from funds received by the agency under this subpart only if the entity agrees to expend the funds to improve the education of English learners by assisting the children to learn English and meet the challenging State academic standards. In carrying out activities with such funds, the eligible entity shall use ef-fective approaches and methodologies for teach-ing English learners and immigrant children and youth for the following purposes: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing new lan-
guage instruction educational programs and academic content instructional programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth, including early childhood education pro-grams, elementary school programs, and sec-ondary school programs. 
‘‘(2) Carrying out highly focused, innovative, 
locally designed activities to expand or enhance existing language instruction educational pro-grams and academic content instructional pro-grams for English learners and immigrant chil-dren and youth. 
‘‘(3) Implementing, within an individual 
school, schoolwide programs for restructuring, reforming, and upgrading all relevant programs, 
activities, and operations relating to language instruction educational programs and academic content instruction for English learners and im-migrant children and youth. 
‘‘(4) Implementing, within the entire jurisdic-
tion of a local educational agency, agencywide programs for restructuring, reforming, and up-grading all relevant programs, activities, and operations relating to language instruction edu-cational programs and academic content in-struction for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— 
Each eligible entity receiving funds under sec-tion 3114(a) for a fiscal year may use not more than 2 percent of such funds for the cost of ad-ministering this subpart. 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED SUBGRANTEE ACTIVITIES .—An 
eligible entity receiving funds under section 3114(a) shall use the funds— 
‘‘(1) to increase the English language pro-
ficiency of English learners by providing effec-tive language instruction educational programs that meet the needs of English learners and demonstrate success in increasing— 
‘‘(A) English language proficiency; and ‘‘(B) student academic achievement; ‘‘(2) to provide effective professional develop-
ment to classroom teachers (including teachers in classroom settings that are not the settings of language instruction educational programs), principals and other school leaders, administra-tors, and other school or community-based orga-nizational personnel, that is— 
‘‘(A) designed to improve the instruction and 
assessment of English learners; 
‘‘(B) designed to enhance the ability of such 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders to understand and implement curricula, assessment practices and measures, and instructional strat-egies for English learners; 
‘‘(C) effective in increasing children’s English 
language proficiency or substantially increasing the subject matter knowledge, teaching knowl-edge, and teaching skills of such teachers; and 
‘‘(D) of sufficient intensity and duration 
(which shall not include activities such as 1-day or short-term workshops and conferences) to have a positive and lasting impact on the teach-ers’ performance in the classroom, except that this subparagraph shall not apply to an activity that is one component of a long-term, com-prehensive professional development plan estab-lished by a teacher and the teacher’s supervisor based on an assessment of the needs of the teacher, the supervisor, the students of the teacher, and any local educational agency em-ploying the teacher, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(3) to provide and implement other effective 
activities and strategies that enhance or supple-ment language instruction educational programs for English learners, which— 
‘‘(A) shall include parent, family, and commu-
nity engagement activities; and 
‘‘(B) may include strategies that serve to co-
ordinate and align related programs. 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZED SUBGRANTEE ACTIVITIES .— 
Subject to subsection (c), an eligible entity re-ceiving funds under section 3114(a) may use the funds to achieve any of the purposes described in subsection (a) by undertaking 1 or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Upgrading program objectives and effec-
tive instructional strategies. 
‘‘(2) Improving the instructional program for 
English learners by identifying, acquiring, and upgrading curricula, instructional materials, educational software, and assessment proce-dures. 
‘‘(3) Providing to English learners— 
‘‘(A) tutorials and academic or career and 
technical education; and 
‘‘(B) intensified instruction, which may in-
clude materials in a language that the student can understand, interpreters, and translators. 
‘‘(4) Developing and implementing effective 
preschool, elementary school, or secondary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8485 November 30, 2015 
school language instruction educational pro-
grams that are coordinated with other relevant programs and services. 
‘‘(5) Improving the English language pro-
ficiency and academic achievement of English learners. 
‘‘(6) Providing community participation pro-
grams, family literacy services, and parent and family outreach and training activities to English learners and their families— 
‘‘(A) to improve the English language skills of 
English learners; and 
‘‘(B) to assist parents and families in helping 
their children to improve their academic achievement and becoming active participants in the education of their children. 
‘‘(7) Improving the instruction of English 
learners, which may include English learners with a disability, by providing for— 
‘‘(A) the acquisition or development of edu-
cational technology or instructional materials; 
‘‘(B) access to, and participation in, electronic 
networks for materials, training, and commu-nication; and 
‘‘(C) incorporation of the resources described 
in subparagraphs (A) and (B) into curricula and programs, such as those funded under this subpart. 
‘‘(8) Offering early college high school or dual 
or concurrent enrollment programs or courses designed to help English learners achieve suc-cess in postsecondary education. 
‘‘(9) Carrying out other activities that are 
consistent with the purposes of this section. 
‘‘(e) A
CTIVITIES BY AGENCIES EXPERIENCING  
SUBSTANTIAL INCREASES IN IMMIGRANT CHIL-
DREN AND YOUTH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity receiving 
funds under section 3114(d)(1) shall use the funds to pay for activities that provide en-hanced instructional opportunities for immi-grant children and youth, which may include— 
‘‘(A) family literacy, parent and family out-
reach, and training activities designed to assist parents and families to become active partici-pants in the education of their children; 
‘‘(B) recruitment of, and support for, per-
sonnel, including teachers and paraprofes-sionals who have been specifically trained, or are being trained, to provide services to immi-grant children and youth; 
‘‘(C) provision of tutorials, mentoring, and 
academic or career counseling for immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(D) identification, development, and acquisi-
tion of curricular materials, educational soft-ware, and technologies to be used in the pro-gram carried out with awarded funds; 
‘‘(E) basic instructional services that are di-
rectly attributable to the presence of immigrant children and youth in the local educational agency involved, including the payment of costs of providing additional classroom supplies, costs of transportation, or such other costs as are di-rectly attributable to such additional basic in-structional services; 
‘‘(F) other instructional services that are de-
signed to assist immigrant children and youth to achieve in elementary schools and secondary schools in the United States, such as programs of introduction to the educational system and civics education; and 
‘‘(G) activities, coordinated with community- 
based organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, private sector entities, or other entities with expertise in working with immigrants, to assist parents and families of immigrant chil-dren and youth by offering comprehensive com-munity services. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION OF SUBGRANTS .—The duration 
of a subgrant made by a State educational agen-cy under section 3114(d)(1) shall be determined by the agency in its discretion. 
‘‘(f) S
ELECTION OF METHOD OF INSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To receive a subgrant from 
a State educational agency under this subpart, an eligible entity shall select one or more meth-ods or forms of effective instruction to be used in the programs and activities undertaken by the 
entity to assist English learners to attain English language proficiency and meet chal-lenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSISTENCY .—The selection described in 
paragraph (1) shall be consistent with sections 3124 through 3126. 
‘‘(g) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Federal 
funds made available under this subpart shall be used so as to supplement the level of Federal, State, and local public funds that, in the ab-sence of such availability, would have been ex-pended for programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth and in no case to supplant such Federal, State, and local public funds.’’. 
(g) L
OCAL PLANS.—Section 3116 (20 U.S.C. 
6826) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (6) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) describe the effective programs and ac-
tivities, including language instruction edu-cational programs, proposed to be developed, im-plemented, and administered under the subgrant that will help English learners increase their English language proficiency and meet the chal-lenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(2) describe how the eligible entity will en-
sure that elementary schools and secondary schools receiving funds under this subpart assist English learners in— 
‘‘(A) achieving English proficiency based on 
the State’s English language proficiency assess-ment under section 1111(b)(2)(G), consistent with the State’s long-term goals, as described in section 1111(c)(4)(A)(ii); and 
‘‘(B) meeting the challenging State academic 
standards; 
‘‘(3) describe how the eligible entity will pro-
mote parent, family, and community engage-ment in the education of English learners; 
‘‘(4) contain assurances that— ‘‘(A) each local educational agency that is in-
cluded in the eligible entity is complying with section 1112(e) prior to, and throughout, each school year as of the date of application; 
‘‘(B) the eligible entity is not in violation of 
any State law, including State constitutional law, regarding the education of English learn-ers, consistent with sections 3125 and 3126; 
‘‘(C) the eligible entity consulted with teach-
ers, researchers, school administrators, parents and family members, community members, public or private entities, and institutions of higher education, in developing and implementing such plan; and 
‘‘(D) the eligible entity will, if applicable, co-
ordinate activities and share relevant data under the plan with local Head Start and Early Head Start agencies, including migrant and sea-sonal Head Start agencies, and other early childhood education providers.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(3) by striking subsection (d). (h) R
EPORTING .—Section 3121 (20 U.S.C. 6841) 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3121. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a subgrant from a State educational agency under subpart 1 shall provide such agen-cy, at the conclusion of every second fiscal year during which the subgrant is received, with a report, in a form prescribed by the agency, on the activities conducted and children served under such subpart that includes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the programs and activi-
ties conducted by the entity with funds received under subpart 1 during the 2 immediately pre-ceding fiscal years, which shall include a de-scription of how such programs and activities supplemented programs funded primarily with State or local funds; 
‘‘(2) the number and percentage of English 
learners in the programs and activities who are making progress toward achieving English lan-guage proficiency, as described in section 
1111(c)(4)(A)(ii), in the aggregate and disaggregated, at a minimum, by English learn-ers with a disability; 
‘‘(3) the number and percentage of English 
learners in the programs and activities attaining English language proficiency based on State English language proficiency standards estab-lished under section 1111(b)(1)(G) by the end of each school year, as determined by the State’s English language proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); 
‘‘(4) the number and percentage of English 
learners who exit the language instruction edu-cational programs based on their attainment of English language proficiency; 
‘‘(5) the number and percentage of English 
learners meeting challenging State academic standards for each of the 4 years after such children are no longer receiving services under this part, in the aggregate and disaggregated, at a minimum, by English learners with a dis-ability; 
‘‘(6) the number and percentage of English 
learners who have not attained English lan-guage proficiency within 5 years of initial clas-sification as an English learner and first enroll-ment in the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(7) any other information that the State edu-
cational agency may require. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF REPORT .—A report provided by 
an eligible entity under subsection (a) shall be used by the entity and the State educational agency for improvement of programs and activi-ties under this part. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR SPECIALLY QUALIFIED  
AGENCIES .—Each specially qualified agency re-
ceiving a grant under subpart 1 shall provide the reports described in subsection (a) to the Secretary subject to the same requirements as apply to eligible entities providing such evalua-tions to State educational agencies under such subsection.’’. 
(i) B
IENNIAL REPORTS .—Section 3122 (20 
U.S.C. 6843), as redesignated by section 3001(2)(B), is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ RE-
PORTING REQUIREMENTS ’’ and inserting 
‘‘BIENNIAL REPORTS ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘evaluations’’ and inserting 
‘‘reports’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘children who are limited 
English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient chil-
dren’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘children who are limited 
English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 
3111(b)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3111(b)(2)(D)’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(E) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘major find-
ings of scientifically based research carried out under this part’’ and inserting ‘‘findings of the most recent evaluation related to English learn-ers carried out under section 8601’’; 
(F) in paragraph (8)— (i) by striking ‘‘of limited English proficient 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘of English learners’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘into classrooms where in-
struction is not tailored for limited English pro-ficient children’’; and 
(G) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘title’’ and 
inserting ‘‘part’’. 
(j) C
OORDINATION WITH RELATED PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 3123 (20 U.S.C. 6844), as redes-
ignated by section 3001(2)(B), is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8486 November 30, 2015 
(1) by striking ‘‘children of limited English 
proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient chil-
dren’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(3) by inserting after the period at the end the 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall report to the Congress on parallel Federal programs in other agencies and departments.’’. 
(k) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 3124 (20 
U.S.C. 6845), as redesignated by section 3001(2)(B), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’. 
(l) P
ROHIBITION .—Section 3128 (20 U.S.C. 
6849), as redesignated by section 3001(2)(B), is amended by striking ‘‘limited English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’. 
(m) N
ATIONAL PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECT .—Section 3131 (20 U.S.C. 6861) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3131. NATIONAL PROFESSIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PROJECT. 
‘‘The Secretary shall use funds made available 
under section 3111(c)(1)(C) to award grants on a competitive basis, for a period of not more than 5 years, to institutions of higher education or public or private entities with relevant experi-ence and capacity (in consortia with State edu-cational agencies or local educational agencies) to provide for professional development activi-ties that will improve classroom instruction for English learners and assist educational per-sonnel working with English learners to meet high professional standards, including stand-ards for certification and licensure as teachers who work in language instruction educational programs or serve English learners. Grants awarded under this section may be used— 
‘‘(1) for effective preservice or inservice profes-
sional development programs that will improve the qualifications and skills of educational per-sonnel involved in the education of English learners, including personnel who are not cer-tified or licensed and educational paraprofes-sionals, and for other activities to increase teacher and school leader effectiveness in meet-ing the needs of English learners; 
‘‘(2) for the development of curricula or other 
instructional strategies appropriate to the needs of the consortia participants involved; 
‘‘(3) to support strategies that strengthen and 
increase parent, family, and community member engagement in the education of English learn-ers; 
‘‘(4) to develop, share, and disseminate effec-
tive practices in the instruction of English learners and in increasing the student academic achievement of English learners, such as through the use of technology-based programs; 
‘‘(5) in conjunction with other Federal need- 
based student financial assistance programs, for financial assistance, and costs related to tui-tion, fees, and books for enrolling in courses re-quired to complete the degree involved, to meet certification or licensing requirements for teach-ers who work in language instruction edu-cational programs or serve English learners; and 
‘‘(6) as appropriate, to support strategies that 
promote school readiness of English learners and their transition from early childhood edu-cation programs, such as Head Start or State- run preschool programs, to elementary school programs.’’. 
SEC. 3004. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3201 (20 U.S.C. 
7011), as redesignated by section 3001(5)(A), is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), and (5); (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(A) one or more local educational agencies; 
or ‘‘(B) one or more local educational agencies, 
in consortia or collaboration with an institution of higher education, educational service agency, community-based organization, or State edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(4) E
NGLISH LEARNER WITH A DISABILITY .— 
The term ‘English learner with a disability’ means an English learner who is also a child with a disability, as that term is defined in sec-tion 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.’’; 
(3) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through 
(15) as paragraphs (5) through (14), respectively; 
(4) in paragraph (7)(A), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘a limited English proficient 
child’’ and inserting ‘‘an English learner’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘challenging State academic 
content and student academic achievement standards, as required by section 1111(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (12), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, as defined in sec-tion 3141,’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL CLEARINGHOUSE .—Section 3202 
(20 U.S.C. 7013), as redesignated by section 3001(5)(C), is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners, including English learners with a disability, that includes information on best practices on instructing and serving English learners’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall authorize the Secretary to hire additional personnel to execute subsection (a).’’. 
(c) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 3203 (20 U.S.C. 
7014), as redesignated by section 3001(5)(C), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient in-
dividuals’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient chil-
dren’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’. 
TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS 
SEC. 4001. REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS. 
(a) T ITLEIV T RANSFERS AND RELATED AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 4303 (20 U.S.C. 7183) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development (Head Start) services’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education pro-grams’’; 
(B) in subsection (c)(2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
DE-
VELOPMENT SERVICES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ EDU-
CATION PROGRAMS ’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘development (Head Start) 
services’’ and inserting ‘‘education programs’’; and 
(C) in subsection (e)(3), by striking subpara-
graph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) such other matters as justice may re-
quire.’’. 
(2) Subpart 3 of part A of title IV (20 U.S.C. 
7151) is— 
(A) transferred to title IX (as amended by sec-
tion 2001 of this Act); 
(B) inserted so as to appear after subpart 3 of 
part E of such title (as so transferred and redes-ignated); 
(C) redesignated as subpart 4 of such part; 
and 
(D) amended by redesignating section 4141 as 
section 9551. (3) Section 4155 (20 U.S.C. 7165) is— 
(A) transferred to title IX (as amended by sec-
tion 2001 of this Act and paragraph (2) of this subsection); 
(B) inserted so as to appear after section 9536; 
and 
(C) redesignated as section 9537. (4) Part C of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7181 et seq.) 
(as amended by paragraph (1) of this sub-section) is— 
(A) transferred to title IX (as amended by sec-
tion 2001 of this Act and paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection); 
(B) inserted so as to appear after subpart 4 of 
part E of such title IX (as so transferred and re-designated); and 
(C) amended— (i) by striking the part designation and head-
ing and inserting ‘‘ SUBPART 5—ENVIRON-
MENTAL TOBACCO SMOKE ’’; and 
(ii) by redesignating sections 4301 through 
4304 as sections 9561 through 9564, respectively. 
(5) Title IV (as amended by section 2001 of this 
Act and paragraphs (1) through (4) of this sub-section) is further amended— 
(A) in the part heading of part A, by striking 
‘‘SAFE AND DRUG-FREE SCHOOLS AND 
COMMUNITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ STUDENT 
SUPPORT AND ACADEMIC ENRICHMENT GRANTS ’’; 
(B) by striking subparts 2 and 4 of part A; (C) by redesignating subpart 5 of part A (as so 
transferred and redesignated by section 2001(4) of this Act) as subpart 2 of part A; and 
(D) by redesignating section 4161 (as so redes-
ignated) as section 4121. 
(b) T
ITLE V TRANSFERS AND RELATED AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et 
seq.) is amended— 
(A) by striking part A; (B) by striking subparts 2 and 3 of part B; and (C) by striking part D. (2) C
HARTER SCHOOLS .—Part B of title V (20 
U.S.C. 7221 et seq.) (as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection) is— 
(A) transferred to title IV (as amended by sec-
tion 2001 of this Act and subsection (a) of this section); 
(B) inserted so as to appear after part B of 
such title; 
(C) redesignated as part C of such title; and (D) further amended— (i) in the part heading, by striking ‘‘ PUBLIC 
CHARTER SCHOOLS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ EX-
PANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH QUAL-ITY CHARTER SCHOOLS ’’; 
(ii) by striking the subpart heading for sub-
part 1; and 
(iii) by redesignating sections 5201 through 
5211 as sections 4301 through 4311, respectively. 
(3) M
AGNET SCHOOLS .—Part C of title V (20 
U.S.C. 7231 et seq.) is— 
(A) transferred to title IV (as amended by sec-
tion 2001 of this Act, subsection (a) of this sec-tion, and paragraph (2) of this subsection) 
(B) inserted so as to appear after part C of 
such title (as so transferred and redesignated); 
(C) redesignated as part D of such title; and (D) amended— (i) by redesignating sections 5301 through 5307 
as sections 4401 through 4407, respectively; 
(ii) by striking sections 5308 and 5310; and (iii) by redesignating sections 5309 and 5311 as 
sections 4408 and 4409, respectively. 
(4) T
ITLE V .—Title V, as amended by this sec-
tion, is repealed. 
SEC. 4002. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as redesig-
nated and amended by section 4001, is further amended by striking sections 4001 through 4003 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) P ARENTAL CONSENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I NFORMED WRITTEN CONSENT .—A State, 
local educational agency, or other entity receiv-ing funds under this title shall obtain prior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8487 November 30, 2015 
written, informed consent from the parent of 
each child who is under 18 years of age to par-ticipate in any mental-health assessment or service that is funded under this title and con-ducted in connection with an elementary school or secondary school under this title. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Before obtaining the consent 
described in subparagraph (A), the entity shall provide the parent written notice describing in detail such mental health assessment or service, including the purpose for such assessment or service, the provider of such assessment or serv-ice, when such assessment or service will begin, and how long such assessment or service may last. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—The informed written con-
sent required under this paragraph shall not be a waiver of any rights or protections under sec-tion 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(1)(A), the written, informed consent described in such paragraph shall not be required in— 
‘‘(A) an emergency, where it is necessary to 
protect the immediate health and safety of the child, other children, or entity personnel; or 
‘‘(B) other instances in which an entity ac-
tively seeks parental consent but such consent cannot be reasonably obtained, as determined by the State or local educational agency, in-cluding in the case of— 
‘‘(i) a child whose parent has not responded 
to the notice described in paragraph (1)(B); or 
‘‘(ii) a child who has attained 14 years of age 
and is an unaccompanied youth, as defined in section 725 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a). 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITED USE OF FUNDS.—No funds 
under this title may be used for medical services or drug treatment or rehabilitation, except for integrated student supports, specialized instruc-tional support services, or referral to treatment for impacted students, which may include stu-dents who are victims of, or witnesses to, crime or who illegally use drugs. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION ON MANDATORY MEDICA -
TION.—No child shall be required to obtain a 
prescription for a controlled substance, as de-fined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802) as a condition of— 
‘‘(1) receiving an evaluation or other service 
described under this title; or 
‘‘(2) attending a school receiving assistance 
under this title.’’. 
PART A—STUDENT SUPPORT AND 
ACADEMIC ENRICHMENT GRANTS 
SEC. 4101. STUDENT SUPPORT AND ACADEMIC 
ENRICHMENT GRANTS. 
Subpart 1 of part A of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 
et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Subpart 1—Student Support and Academic 
Enrichment Grants 
‘‘SEC. 4101. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this subpart is to improve 
students’ academic achievement by increasing the capacity of States, local educational agen-cies, schools, and local communities to— 
‘‘(1) provide all students with access to a well- 
rounded education; 
‘‘(2) improve school conditions for student 
learning; and 
‘‘(3) improve the use of technology in order to 
improve the academic achievement and digital literacy of all students. 
‘‘SEC. 4102. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: 
‘‘(1) B LENDED LEARNING .—The term ‘blended 
learning’ means a formal education program that leverages both technology-based and face- to-face instructional approaches— 
‘‘(A) that include an element of online or dig-
ital learning, combined with supervised learning time, and student-led learning, in which the ele-ments are connected to provide an integrated learning experience; and 
‘‘(B) in which students are provided some con-
trol over time, path, or pace. ‘‘(2) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE .—The term ‘con-
trolled substance’ means a drug or other sub-stance identified under Schedule I, II, III, IV, or V in section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)). 
‘‘(3) D
IGITAL LEARNING .—The term ‘digital 
learning’ means any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strengthen a stu-dent’s learning experience and encompasses a wide spectrum of tools and practices, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) interactive learning resources, digital 
learning content (which may include openly li-censed content), software, or simulations, that engage students in academic content; 
‘‘(B) access to online databases and other pri-
mary source documents; 
‘‘(C) the use of data and information to per-
sonalize learning and provide targeted supple-mentary instruction; 
‘‘(D) online and computer-based assessments; ‘‘(E) learning environments that allow for rich 
collaboration and communication, which may include student collaboration with content ex-perts and peers; 
‘‘(F) hybrid or blended learning, which occurs 
under direct instructor supervision at a school or other location away from home and, at least in part, through online delivery of instruction with some element of student control over time, place, path, or pace; and 
‘‘(G) access to online course opportunities for 
students in rural or remote areas. 
‘‘(4) D
RUG.—The term ‘drug’ includes— 
‘‘(A) controlled substances; ‘‘(B) the illegal use of alcohol or tobacco, in-
cluding smokeless tobacco products and elec-tronic cigarettes; and 
‘‘(C) the harmful, abusive, or addictive use of 
substances, including inhalants and anabolic steroids. 
‘‘(5) D
RUG AND VIOLENCE PREVENTION .—The 
term ‘drug and violence prevention’ means— 
‘‘(A) with respect to drugs, prevention, early 
intervention, rehabilitation referral, recovery support services, or education related to the ille-gal use of drugs, such as raising awareness about the consequences of drug use that are evi-dence-based (to the extent a State, in consulta-tion with local educational agencies in the State, determines that such evidence is reason-ably available); and 
‘‘(B) with respect to violence, the promotion of 
school safety, such that students and school personnel are free from violent and disruptive acts, including sexual harassment and abuse, and victimization associated with prejudice and intolerance, on school premises, going to and from school, and at school-sponsored activities, through the creation and maintenance of a school environment that is free of weapons and fosters individual responsibility and respect for the rights of others. 
‘‘(6) S
CHOOL -BASED MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES  
PROVIDER .—The term ‘school-based mental 
health services provider’ includes a State-li-censed or State-certified school counselor, school psychologist, school social worker, or other State licensed or certified mental health profes-sional qualified under State law to provide men-tal health services to children and adolescents. 
‘‘(7) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(8) S
TEM-FOCUSED SPECIALTY SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘STEM-focused specialty school’ means a school, or dedicated program within a school, that engages students in rigorous, relevant, and integrated learning experiences focused on science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including computer science, which in-clude authentic schoolwide research. 
‘‘SEC. 4103. FORMULA GRANTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS .—From the total amount 
appropriated under section 4112 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) one-half of 1 percent for allotments for 
payments to the outlying areas, to be distributed among those outlying areas on the basis of their 
relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this subpart; 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary of 
the Interior for programs under this subpart in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of In-dian Education; and 
‘‘(3) 2 percent for technical assistance and ca-
pacity building. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A LLOTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraphs 
(B) and (C), from the amount appropriated to carry out this subpart that remains after the Secretary makes the reservations under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State having a plan approved under subsection (c), an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount the State re-ceived under subpart 2 of part A of title I for the preceding fiscal year bears to the amount all States received under that subpart for the pre-ceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) S
MALL STATE MINIMUM .—No State receiv-
ing an allotment under this paragraph shall re-ceive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under this paragraph. 
‘‘(C) P
UERTO RICO .—The amount allotted 
under this paragraph to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for a fiscal year may not exceed one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allot-ted under this paragraph. 
‘‘(2) R
EALLOTMENT .—If a State does not re-
ceive an allotment under this subpart for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to receive an allot-
ment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit a plan to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan submitted by a 
State under this section shall include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use funds received under this subpart for State-level activities. 
‘‘(B) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will ensure that awards made to local educational agencies under this subpart are in amounts that are consistent with section 4105(a)(2). 
‘‘(C) Assurances that the State educational 
agency will— 
‘‘(i) review existing resources and programs 
across the State and will coordinate any new plans and resources under this subpart with such existing resources and programs; 
‘‘(ii) monitor the implementation of activities 
under this subpart and provide technical assist-ance to local educational agencies in carrying out such activities; and 
‘‘(iii) provide for equitable access for all stu-
dents to the activities supported under this sub-part, including aligning those activities with the requirements of other Federal laws. 
‘‘SEC. 4104. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State that receives 
an allotment under section 4103 for a fiscal year shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve not less than 95 percent of the al-
lotment to make allocations to local educational agencies under section 4105; 
‘‘(2) reserve not more than 1 percent of the al-
lotment for the administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this subpart, in-cluding public reporting on how funds made available under this subpart are being expended by local educational agencies, including the de-gree to which the local educational agencies have made progress toward meeting the objec-tives and outcomes described in section 4106(e)(1)(E); and 
‘‘(3) use the amount made available to the 
State and not reserved under paragraphs (1) and (2) for activities described in subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8488 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(b) S TATE ACTIVITIES .—Each State that re-
ceives an allotment under section 4103 shall use the funds available under subsection (a)(3) for activities and programs designed to meet the purposes of this subpart, which may include— 
‘‘(1) providing monitoring of, and training, 
technical assistance, and capacity building to, local educational agencies that receive an allot-ment under section 4105; 
‘‘(2) identifying and eliminating State barriers 
to the coordination and integration of programs, initiatives, and funding streams that meet the purposes of this subpart, so that local edu-cational agencies can better coordinate with other agencies, schools, and community-based services and programs; or 
‘‘(3) supporting local educational agencies in 
providing programs and activities that— 
‘‘(A) offer well-rounded educational experi-
ences to all students, as described in section 4107, including female students, minority stu-dents, English learners, children with disabil-ities, and low-income students who are often underrepresented in critical and enriching sub-jects, which may include— 
‘‘(i) increasing student access to and improv-
ing student engagement and achievement in— 
‘‘(I) high-quality courses in science, tech-
nology, engineering, and mathematics, includ-ing computer science; 
‘‘(II) activities and programs in music and the 
arts; 
‘‘(III) foreign languages; ‘‘(IV) accelerated learning programs that pro-
vide— 
‘‘(aa) postsecondary level courses accepted for 
credit at institutions of higher education, in-cluding dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high schools; or 
‘‘(bb) postsecondary level instruction and ex-
aminations that are accepted for credit at insti-tutions of higher education, including Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs; 
‘‘(V) American history, civics, economics, ge-
ography, social studies, or government edu-cation; 
‘‘(VI) environmental education; or ‘‘(VII) other courses, activities, and programs 
or other experiences that contribute to a well- rounded education; or 
‘‘(ii) reimbursing low-income students to cover 
part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examination fees, as described in clause (i)(IV); 
‘‘(B) foster safe, healthy, supportive, and 
drug-free environments that support student academic achievement, as described in section 4108, which may include— 
‘‘(i) coordinating with any local educational 
agencies or consortia of such agencies imple-menting a youth PROMISE plan to reduce ex-clusionary discipline, as described in section 4108(5)(F); 
‘‘(ii) supporting local educational agencies 
to— 
‘‘(I) implement mental health awareness train-
ing programs that are evidence-based (to the ex-tent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) to provide education to school personnel regarding resources available in the community for students with mental ill-nesses and other relevant resources relating to mental health or the safe de-escalation of crisis situations involving a student with a mental ill-ness; or 
‘‘(II) expand access to or coordinate resources 
for school-based counseling and mental health programs, such as through school-based mental health services partnership programs; 
‘‘(iii) providing local educational agencies 
with resources that are evidence-based (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) addressing ways to inte-grate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs; and 
‘‘(iv) disseminating best practices and evalu-
ating program outcomes relating to any local educational agency activities to promote student safety and violence prevention through effective 
communication as described in section 4108(5)(C)(iv); and 
‘‘(C) increase access to personalized, rigorous 
learning experiences supported by technology by— 
‘‘(i) providing technical assistance to local 
educational agencies to improve the ability of local educational agencies to— 
‘‘(I) identify and address technology readiness 
needs, including the types of technology infra-structure and access available to the students served by the local educational agency, includ-ing computer devices, access to school libraries, Internet connectivity, operating systems, soft-ware, related network infrastructure, and data security; 
‘‘(II) use technology, consistent with the prin-
ciples of universal design for learning, to sup-port the learning needs of all students, includ-ing children with disabilities and English learn-ers; and 
‘‘(III) build capacity for principals, other 
school leaders, and local educational agency ad-ministrators to support teachers in using data and technology to improve instruction and per-sonalize learning; 
‘‘(ii) supporting schools in rural and remote 
areas to expand access to high-quality digital learning opportunities; 
‘‘(iii) developing or using strategies that are 
innovative or evidence-based (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reason-ably available) for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, including digital learning technologies and assistive technology, which may include increased access to online dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities, ca-reer and technical courses, and programs lead-ing to a recognized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)); 
‘‘(iv) disseminating promising practices related 
to technology instruction, data security, and the acquisition and implementation of technology tools and applications, including through mak-ing such promising practices publicly available on the website of the State educational agency; 
‘‘(v) providing teachers, paraprofessionals, 
school librarians and media personnel, special-ized instructional support personnel, and ad-ministrators with the knowledge and skills to use technology effectively, including effective integration of technology, to improve instruc-tion and student achievement, which may in-clude coordination with teacher, principal, and other school leader preparation programs; and 
‘‘(vi) making instructional content widely 
available through open educational resources, which may include providing tools and proc-esses to support local educational agencies in making such resources widely available. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE.—A State that receives a 
grant under this subpart for fiscal year 2017 may use the amount made available to the State and not reserved under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) for such fiscal year to cover part or all of the fees for accelerated learning examinations taken by low-income students dur-ing the 2016-2017 school year, in accordance with subsection (b)(3)(A)(ii). 
‘‘SEC. 4105. ALLOCATIONS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) A LLOCATIONS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the funds reserved by 
a State under section 4104(a)(1), the State shall allocate to each local educational agency in the State that has an application approved by the State educational agency under section 4106 an amount that bears the same relationship to the total amount of such reservation as the amount the local educational agency received under subpart 2 of part A of title I for the preceding fiscal year bears to the total amount received by all local educational agencies in the State under such subpart for the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
ALLOCATION .—No allocation to a local edu-
cational agency under this subsection may be made in an amount that is less than $10,000, subject to subsection (b). 
‘‘(3) C
ONSORTIA .—Local educational agencies 
in a State may form a consortium with other surrounding local educational agencies and combine the funds each such agency in the con-sortium receives under this section to jointly carry out the local activities described in this subpart. 
‘‘(b) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .—If the amount re-
served by the State under section 4104(a)(1) is insufficient to make allocations to local edu-cational agencies in an amount equal to the minimum allocation described in subsection (a)(2), such allocations shall be ratably reduced. 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Of the amount 
received under subsection (a)(2), a local edu-cational agency may reserve not more than 2 percent for the direct administrative costs of carrying out the local educational agency’s re-sponsibilities under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 4106. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLI-
CATIONS. 
‘‘(a) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive an 
allocation under section 4105(a), a local edu-cational agency shall— 
‘‘(1) submit an application, which shall con-
tain, at a minimum, the information described in subsection (e), to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agen-cy may reasonably require; and 
‘‘(2) complete a needs assessment in accord-
ance with subsection (d). 
‘‘(b) C
ONSORTIUM .—If a local educational 
agency desires to carry out the activities de-scribed in this subpart in consortium with one or more surrounding local educational agencies as described in section 4105(a)(3), such local educational agencies shall submit a single appli-cation as required under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agency, 
or consortium of such agencies, shall develop its application through consultation with parents, teachers, principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, stu-dents, community-based organizations, local government representatives (which may include a local law enforcement agency, local juvenile court, local child welfare agency, or local public housing agency), Indian tribes or tribal organi-zations that may be located in the region served by the local educational agency (where applica-ble), charter school teachers, principals, and other school leaders (if such agency or consor-tium of such agencies supports charter schools), and others with relevant and demonstrated ex-pertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this subpart. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTINUED CONSULTATION .—The local 
educational agency, or consortium of such agen-cies, shall engage in continued consultation with the entities described in paragraph (1) in order to improve the local activities in order to meet the purpose of this subpart and to coordi-nate such implementation with other related strategies, programs, and activities being con-ducted in the community. 
‘‘(d) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2) and prior to receiving an allocation under this subpart, a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies shall conduct a comprehensive needs assessment of the local educational agency or agencies proposed to be served under this subpart in order to examine needs for improvement of— 
‘‘(A) access to, and opportunities for, a well- 
rounded education for all students; 
‘‘(B) school conditions for student learning in 
order to create a healthy and safe school envi-ronment; and 
‘‘(C) access to personalized learning experi-
ences supported by technology and professional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8489 November 30, 2015 
development for the effective use of data and 
technology. 
‘‘(2) E XCEPTION .—A local educational agency 
receiving an allocation under section 4105(a) in an amount that is less than $30,000 shall not be required to conduct a comprehensive needs as-sessment under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) F
REQUENCY OF NEEDS ASSESSMENT .—Each 
local educational agency, or consortium of local educational agencies, shall conduct the needs assessment described in paragraph (1) once every 3 years. 
‘‘(e) C
ONTENTS OF LOCAL APPLICATION .—Each 
application submitted under this section by a local educational agency, or a consortium of such agencies, shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) D
ESCRIPTIONS .—A description of the ac-
tivities and programming that the local edu-cational agency, or consortium of such agencies, will carry out under this subpart, including a description of— 
‘‘(A) any partnership with an institution of 
higher education, business, nonprofit organiza-tion, community-based organization, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities under this subpart; 
‘‘(B) if applicable, how funds will be used for 
activities related to supporting well-rounded education under section 4107; 
‘‘(C) if applicable, how funds will be used for 
activities related to supporting safe and healthy students under section 4108; 
‘‘(D) if applicable, how funds will be used for 
activities related to supporting the effective use of technology in schools under section 4109; and 
‘‘(E) the program objectives and intended out-
comes for activities under this subpart, and how the local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, will periodically evaluate the ef-fectiveness of the activities carried out under this section based on such objectives and out-comes. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Each application shall in-
clude assurances that the local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, will— 
‘‘(A) prioritize the distribution of funds to 
schools served by the local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, that— 
‘‘(i) are among the schools with the greatest 
needs, as determined by such local educational agency, or consortium; 
‘‘(ii) have the highest percentages or numbers 
of children counted under section 1124(c); 
‘‘(iii) are identified for comprehensive support 
and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i); 
‘‘(iv) are implementing targeted support and 
improvement plans as described in section 1111(d)(2); or 
‘‘(v) are identified as a persistently dangerous 
public elementary school or secondary school under section 8532; 
‘‘(B) comply with section 8501 (regarding equi-
table participation by private school children and teachers); 
‘‘(C) use not less than 20 percent of funds re-
ceived under this subpart to support one or more of the activities authorized under section 4107; 
‘‘(D) use not less than 20 percent of funds re-
ceived under this subpart to support one or more activities authorized under section 4108; 
‘‘(E) use a portion of funds received under 
this subpart to support one or more activities authorized under section 4109(a), including an assurance that the local educational agency, or consortium of local educational agencies, will comply with section 4109(b); and 
‘‘(F) annually report to the State for inclusion 
in the report described in section 4104(a)(2) how funds are being used under this subpart to meet the requirements of subparagraphs (C) through (E). 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—Any local educational 
agency receiving an allocation under section 4105(a)(1) in an amount less than $30,000 shall be required to provide only one of the assur-ances described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) of subsection (e)(2). ‘‘SEC. 4107. ACTIVITIES TO SUPPORT WELL- 
ROUNDED EDUCATIONAL OPPORTU-NITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to section 4106(f), 
each local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, that receives an allocation under section 4105(a) shall use a portion of such funds to develop and implement programs and activi-ties that support access to a well-rounded edu-cation and that— 
‘‘(1) are coordinated with other schools and 
community-based services and programs; 
‘‘(2) may be conducted in partnership with an 
institution of higher education, business, non-profit organization, community-based organiza-tion, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities under this section; and 
‘‘(3) may include programs and activities, 
such as— 
‘‘(A) college and career guidance and coun-
seling programs, such as— 
‘‘(i) postsecondary education and career 
awareness and exploration activities; 
‘‘(ii) training counselors to effectively use 
labor market information in assisting students with postsecondary education and career plan-ning; and 
‘‘(iii) financial literacy and Federal financial 
aid awareness activities; 
‘‘(B) programs and activities that use music 
and the arts as tools to support student success through the promotion of constructive student engagement, problem solving, and conflict reso-lution; 
‘‘(C) programming and activities to improve 
instruction and student engagement in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, in-cluding computer science, (referred to in this section as ‘STEM subjects’) such as— 
‘‘(i) increasing access for students through 
grade 12 who are members of groups underrep-resented in such subject fields, such as female students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically dis-advantaged students, to high-quality courses; 
‘‘(ii) supporting the participation of low-in-
come students in nonprofit competitions related to STEM subjects (such as robotics, science re-search, invention, mathematics, computer science, and technology competitions); 
‘‘(iii) providing hands-on learning and expo-
sure to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics and supporting the use of field- based or service learning to enhance the stu-dents’ understanding of the STEM subjects; 
‘‘(iv) supporting the creation and enhance-
ment of STEM-focused specialty schools; 
‘‘(v) facilitating collaboration among school, 
after-school program, and informal program per-sonnel to improve the integration of program-ming and instruction in the identified subjects; and 
‘‘(vi) integrating other academic subjects, in-
cluding the arts, into STEM subject programs to increase participation in STEM subjects, im-prove attainment of skills related to STEM sub-jects, and promote well-rounded education; 
‘‘(D) efforts to raise student academic achieve-
ment through accelerated learning programs de-scribed in section 4104(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV), such as— 
‘‘(i) reimbursing low-income students to cover 
part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examination fees, if the low-income students are enrolled in accelerated learning courses and plan to take accelerated learning examinations; or 
‘‘(ii) increasing the availability of, and enroll-
ment in, accelerated learning courses, acceler-ated learning examinations, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(E) activities to promote the development, im-
plementation, and strengthening of programs to teach traditional American history, civics, eco-nomics, geography, or government education; 
‘‘(F) foreign language instruction; ‘‘(G) environmental education; ‘‘(H) programs and activities that promote vol-
unteerism and community involvement; 
‘‘(I) programs and activities that support edu-
cational programs that integrate multiple dis-ciplines, such as programs that combine arts and mathematics; or 
‘‘(J) other activities and programs to support 
student access to, and success in, a variety of well-rounded education experiences. 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—A local educational 
agency, or consortium of such agencies, that re-ceives a subgrant under this subpart for fiscal year 2017 may use such funds to cover part or all of the fees for accelerated learning examina-tions taken by low-income students during the 2016-2017 school year, in accordance with sub-section (a)(3)(D). 
‘‘SEC. 4108. ACTIVITIES TO SUPPORT SAFE AND 
HEALTHY STUDENTS. 
‘‘Subject to section 4106(f), each local edu-
cational agency, or consortium of such agencies, that receives an allocation under section 4105(a) shall use a portion of such funds to develop, im-plement, and evaluate comprehensive programs and activities that— 
‘‘(1) are coordinated with other schools and 
community-based services and programs; 
‘‘(2) foster safe, healthy, supportive, and 
drug-free environments that support student academic achievement; 
‘‘(3) promote the involvement of parents in the 
activity or program; 
‘‘(4) may be conducted in partnership with an 
institution of higher education, business, non-profit organization, community-based organiza-tion, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities described in this section; and 
‘‘(5) may include, among other programs and 
activities— 
‘‘(A) drug and violence prevention activities 
and programs that are evidence-based (to the extent the State, in consultation with local edu-cational agencies in the State, determines that such evidence is reasonably available) includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) programs to educate students against the 
use of alcohol, tobacco, marijuana, smokeless to-bacco products, and electronic cigarettes; and 
‘‘(ii) professional development and training 
for school and specialized instructional support personnel and interested community members in prevention, education, early identification, intervention mentoring, recovery support serv-ices and, where appropriate, rehabilitation re-ferral, as related to drug and violence preven-tion; 
‘‘(B) in accordance with sections 4001 and 
4111— 
‘‘(i) school-based mental health services, in-
cluding early identification of mental health symptoms, drug use, and violence, and appro-priate referrals to direct individual or group counseling services, which may be provided by school-based mental health services providers; and 
‘‘(ii) school-based mental health services part-
nership programs that— 
‘‘(I) are conducted in partnership with a pub-
lic or private mental health entity or health care entity; and 
‘‘(II) provide comprehensive school-based 
mental health services and supports and staff development for school and community per-sonnel working in the school that are— 
‘‘(aa) based on trauma-informed practices 
that are evidence-based (to the extent the State, in consultation with local educational agencies in the State, determines that such evidence is reasonably available); 
‘‘(bb) coordinated (where appropriate) with 
early intervening services provided under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); and 
‘‘(cc) provided by qualified mental and behav-
ioral health professionals who are certified or li-censed by the State involved and practicing within their area of expertise; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8490 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(C) programs or activities that— 
‘‘(i) integrate health and safety practices into 
school or athletic programs; 
‘‘(ii) support a healthy, active lifestyle, in-
cluding nutritional education and regular, structured physical education activities and programs, that may address chronic disease management with instruction led by school nurses, nurse practitioners, or other appropriate specialists or professionals to help maintain the well-being of students; 
‘‘(iii) help prevent bullying and harassment; ‘‘(iv) improve instructional practices for devel-
oping relationship-building skills, such as effec-tive communication, and improve safety through the recognition and prevention of coercion, vio-lence, or abuse, including teen and dating vio-lence, stalking, domestic abuse, and sexual vio-lence and harassment; 
‘‘(v) provide mentoring and school counseling 
to all students, including children who are at risk of academic failure, dropping out of school, involvement in criminal or delinquent activities, or drug use and abuse; 
‘‘(vi) establish or improve school dropout and 
re-entry programs; or 
‘‘(vii) establish learning environments and en-
hance students’ effective learning skills that are essential for school readiness and academic suc-cess, such as by providing integrated systems of student and family supports; 
‘‘(D) high-quality training for school per-
sonnel, including specialized instructional sup-port personnel, related to— 
‘‘(i) suicide prevention; ‘‘(ii) effective and trauma-informed practices 
in classroom management; 
‘‘(iii) crisis management and conflict resolu-
tion techniques; 
‘‘(iv) human trafficking (defined, for purposes 
of this subparagraph, as an act or practice de-scribed in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)); 
‘‘(v) school-based violence prevention strate-
gies; 
‘‘(vi) drug abuse prevention, including edu-
cating children facing substance abuse at home; and 
‘‘(vii) bullying and harassment prevention; ‘‘(E) in accordance with sections 4001 and 
4111, child sexual abuse awareness and preven-tion programs or activities, such as programs or activities designed to provide— 
‘‘(i) age-appropriate and developmentally-ap-
propriate instruction for students in child sex-ual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to safely report child sexual abuse; and 
‘‘(ii) information to parents and guardians of 
students about child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to discuss child sex-ual abuse with a child; 
‘‘(F) designing and implementing a locally- 
tailored plan to reduce exclusionary discipline practices in elementary and secondary schools that— 
‘‘(i) is consistent with best practices; 
‘‘(ii) includes strategies that are evidence- 
based (to the extent the State, in consultation with local educational agencies in the State, de-termines that such evidence is reasonably avail-able); and 
‘‘(iii) is aligned with the long-term goal of 
prison reduction through opportunities, men-toring, intervention, support, and other edu-cation services, referred to as a ‘youth PROM-ISE plan’; or 
‘‘(G) implementation of schoolwide positive be-
havioral interventions and supports, including through coordination with similar activities car-ried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), in order to improve academic outcomes and school condi-tions for student learning; 
‘‘(H) designating a site resource coordinator 
at a school or local educational agency to pro-vide a variety of services, such as— ‘‘(i) establishing partnerships within the com-
munity to provide resources and support for schools; 
‘‘(ii) ensuring that all service and community 
partners are aligned with the academic expecta-tions of a community school in order to improve student success; and 
‘‘(iii) strengthening relationships between 
schools and communities; or 
‘‘(I) pay for success initiatives aligned with 
the purposes of this section. 
‘‘SEC. 4109. ACTIVITIES TO SUPPORT THE EFFEC-
TIVE USE OF TECHNOLOGY. 
‘‘(a) U SES OF FUNDS.—Subject to section 
4106(f), each local educational agency, or con-sortium of such agencies, that receives an allo-cation under section 4015(a) shall use a portion of such funds to improve the use of technology to improve the academic achievement, academic growth, and digital literacy of all students, in-cluding by meeting the needs of such agency or consortium that are identified in the needs as-sessment conducted under section 4106(d) (if ap-plicable), which may include— 
‘‘(1) providing educators, school leaders, and 
administrators with the professional learning tools, devices, content, and resources to— 
‘‘(A) personalize learning to improve student 
academic achievement; 
‘‘(B) discover, adapt, and share relevant high- 
quality educational resources; 
‘‘(C) use technology effectively in the class-
room, including by administering computer- based assessments and blended learning strate-gies; and 
‘‘(D) implement and support school- and dis-
trict-wide approaches for using technology to inform instruction, support teacher collabora-tion, and personalize learning; 
‘‘(2) building technological capacity and in-
frastructure, which may include— 
‘‘(A) procuring content and ensuring content 
quality; and 
‘‘(B) purchasing devices, equipment, and soft-
ware applications in order to address readiness shortfalls; 
‘‘(3) developing or using effective or innova-
tive strategies for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, including digital learning technologies and assistive technology; 
‘‘(4) carrying out blended learning projects, 
which shall include— 
‘‘(A) planning activities, which may include 
development of new instructional models (in-cluding blended learning technology software and platforms), the purchase of digital instruc-tional resources, initial professional develop-ment activities, and one-time information tech-nology purchases, except that such expenditures may not include expenditures related to signifi-cant construction or renovation of facilities; or 
‘‘(B) ongoing professional development for 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, or other personnel involved in the project that is designed to support the implementation and academic success of the project; 
‘‘(5) providing professional development in the 
use of technology (which may be provided through partnerships with outside organiza-tions) to enable teachers and instructional lead-ers to increase student achievement in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including computer science; and 
‘‘(6) providing students in rural, remote, and 
underserved areas with the resources to take ad-vantage of high-quality digital learning experi-ences, digital resources, and access to online courses taught by effective educators. 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—A local educational 
agency, or consortium of such agencies, shall not use more than 15 percent of funds for pur-chasing technology infrastructure as described in subsection (a)(2)(B), which shall include technology infrastructure purchased for the ac-tivities under subsection (a)(4)(A). 
‘‘SEC. 4110. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under this subpart 
shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, non-Federal funds that would otherwise be used 
for activities authorized under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 4111. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart may be construed 
to— 
‘‘(1) authorize activities or programming that 
encourages teenage sexual activity; or 
‘‘(2) prohibit effective activities or program-
ming that meet the requirements of section 8526. 
‘‘SEC. 4112. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this subpart $1,650,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $1,600,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020. 
‘‘(b) F
ORWARD FUNDING .—Section 420 of the 
General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1223) shall apply to this subpart.’’. 
PART B—21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY 
LEARNING CENTERS 
SEC. 4201. 21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY LEARNING 
CENTERS. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—Part B of title IV 
(20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘PART B—21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY 
LEARNING CENTERS 
‘‘SEC. 4201. PURPOSE; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this part is to 
provide opportunities for communities to estab-lish or expand activities in community learning centers that— 
‘‘(1) provide opportunities for academic en-
richment, including providing tutorial services to help students, particularly students who at-tend low-performing schools, to meet the chal-lenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(2) offer students a broad array of additional 
services, programs, and activities, such as youth development activities, service learning, nutri-tion and health education, drug and violence prevention programs, counseling programs, arts, music, physical fitness and wellness programs, technology education programs, financial lit-eracy programs, environmental literacy pro-grams, mathematics, science, career and tech-nical programs, internship or apprenticeship programs, and other ties to an in-demand indus-try sector or occupation for high school students that are designed to reinforce and complement the regular academic program of participating students; and 
‘‘(3) offer families of students served by com-
munity learning centers opportunities for active and meaningful engagement in their children’s education, including opportunities for literacy and related educational development. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C OMMUNITY LEARNING CENTER .—The term 
‘community learning center’ means an entity that— 
‘‘(A) assists students to meet the challenging 
State academic standards by providing the stu-dents with academic enrichment activities and a broad array of other activities (such as pro-grams and activities described in subsection (a)(2)) during nonschool hours or periods when school is not in session (such as before and after school or during summer recess) that— 
‘‘(i) reinforce and complement the regular 
academic programs of the schools attended by the students served; and 
‘‘(ii) are targeted to the students’ academic 
needs and aligned with the instruction students receive during the school day; and 
‘‘(B) offers families of students served by such 
center opportunities for active and meaningful engagement in their children’s education, in-cluding opportunities for literacy and related educational development. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROGRAM .—The term ‘covered 
program’ means a program for which— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary made a grant under this 
part (as this part was in effect on the day before the effective date of this part under the Every Student Succeeds Act); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8491 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(B) the grant period had not ended on that 
effective date. 
‘‘(3) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means a local educational agency, commu-nity-based organization, Indian tribe or tribal organization (as such terms are defined in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), another public or private entity, or a consortium of 2 or more such agencies, organizations, or entities. 
‘‘(4) E
XTERNAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘ex-
ternal organization’ means— 
‘‘(A) a nonprofit organization with a record of 
success in running or working with before and after school (or summer recess) programs and activities; or 
‘‘(B) in the case of a community where there 
is no such organization, a nonprofit organiza-tion in the community that enters into a written agreement or partnership with an organization described in subparagraph (A) to receive men-toring and guidance in running or working with before and after school (or summer recess) pro-grams and activities. 
‘‘(5) R
IGOROUS PEER -REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘rigorous peer-review process’ means a process by which— 
‘‘(A) employees of a State educational agency 
who are familiar with the programs and activi-ties assisted under this part review all applica-tions that the State receives for awards under this part for completeness and applicant eligi-bility; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency selects peer 
reviewers for such applications, who shall— 
‘‘(i) be selected for their expertise in providing 
effective academic, enrichment, youth develop-ment, and related services to children; and 
‘‘(ii) not include any applicant, or representa-
tive of an applicant, that has submitted an ap-plication under this part for the current appli-cation period; and 
‘‘(C) the peer reviewers described in subpara-
graph (B) review and rate the applications to determine the extent to which the applications meet the requirements under sections 4204(b) and 4205. 
‘‘(6) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 4202. ALLOTMENTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 4206 for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) such amounts as may be necessary to 
make continuation awards to subgrant recipi-ents under covered programs (under the terms of those grants); 
‘‘(2) not more than 1 percent for national ac-
tivities, which the Secretary may carry out di-rectly or through grants and contracts, such as providing technical assistance to eligible entities carrying out programs under this part or con-ducting a national evaluation; and 
‘‘(3) not more than 1 percent for payments to 
the outlying areas and the Bureau of Indian Education, to be allotted in accordance with their respective needs for assistance under this part, as determined by the Secretary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 4206 for any fiscal year and remaining after the Secretary makes res-ervations under subsection (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State for the fiscal year an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount the State received under subpart 2 of part A of title I for the pre-ceding fiscal year bears to the amount all States received under that subpart for the preceding fiscal year, except that no State shall receive less than an amount equal to one-half of 1 per-cent of the total amount made available to all States under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot 
the amount of the State’s allotment to the re-maining States in accordance with this part. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives an 
allotment under this part shall reserve not less than 93 percent of the amount allotted to such State under subsection (b), for each fiscal year for awards to eligible entities under section 4204. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 2 per-cent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for— 
‘‘(A) the administrative costs of carrying out 
its responsibilities under this part; 
‘‘(B) establishing and implementing a rigorous 
peer-review process for subgrant applications described in section 4204(b) (including consulta-tion with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for administering youth development programs and adult learning activities); and 
‘‘(C) awarding of funds to eligible entities (in 
consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for administering youth de-velopment programs and adult learning activi-ties). 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State educational 
agency may use not more than 5 percent of the amount made available to the State under sub-section (b) for the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Monitoring and evaluating programs and 
activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(B) Providing capacity building, training, 
and technical assistance under this part. 
‘‘(C) Conducting a comprehensive evaluation 
(directly, or through a grant or contract) of the effectiveness of programs and activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(D) Providing training and technical assist-
ance to eligible entities that are applicants for or recipients of awards under this part. 
‘‘(E) Ensuring that any eligible entity that re-
ceives an award under this part from the State aligns the activities provided by the program with the challenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(F) Ensuring that any such eligible entity 
identifies and partners with external organiza-tions, if available, in the community. 
‘‘(G) Working with teachers, principals, par-
ents, the local workforce, the local community, and other stakeholders to review and improve State policies and practices to support the imple-mentation of effective programs under this part. 
‘‘(H) Coordinating funds received under this 
part with other Federal and State funds to im-plement high-quality programs. 
‘‘(I) Providing a list of prescreened external 
organizations, as described under section 4203(a)(11). 
‘‘SEC. 4203. STATE APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under section 4202 for any fiscal year, a State shall submit to the Secretary, at such time as the Secretary may require, an application that— 
‘‘(1) designates the State educational agency 
as the agency responsible for the administration and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
‘‘(2) describes how the State educational agen-
cy will use funds received under this part, in-cluding funds reserved for State-level activities; 
‘‘(3) contains an assurance that the State edu-
cational agency— 
‘‘(A) will make awards under this part to eli-
gible entities that serve— 
‘‘(i) students who primarily attend— ‘‘(I) schools implementing comprehensive sup-
port and improvement activities or targeted sup-port and improvement activities under section 1111(d); and 
‘‘(II) other schools determined by the local 
educational agency to be in need of intervention and support; and 
‘‘(ii) the families of such students; and ‘‘(B) will further give priority to eligible enti-
ties that propose in the application to serve stu-dents described in subclauses (I) and (II) of sec-
tion 4204(i)(1)(A)(i); 
‘‘(4) describes the procedures and criteria the 
State educational agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding funds to eligible en-tities on a competitive basis, which shall include procedures and criteria that take into consider-ation the likelihood that a proposed community learning center will help participating students meet the challenging State academic standards and any local academic standards; 
‘‘(5) describes how the State educational agen-
cy will ensure that awards made under this part are— 
‘‘(A) of sufficient size and scope to support 
high-quality, effective programs that are con-sistent with the purpose of this part; and 
‘‘(B) in amounts that are consistent with sec-
tion 4204(h); 
‘‘(6) describes the steps the State educational 
agency will take to ensure that programs imple-ment effective strategies, including providing ongoing technical assistance and training, eval-uation, dissemination of promising practices, and coordination of professional development for staff in specific content areas and youth de-velopment; 
‘‘(7) describes how programs under this part 
will be coordinated with programs under this Act, and other programs as appropriate; 
‘‘(8) contains an assurance that the State edu-
cational agency— 
‘‘(A) will make awards for programs for a pe-
riod of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years; and 
‘‘(B) will require each eligible entity seeking 
such an award to submit a plan describing how the activities to be funded through the award will continue after funding under this part ends; 
‘‘(9) contains an assurance that funds appro-
priated to carry out this part will be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local public funds expended to pro-vide programs and activities authorized under this part and other similar programs; 
‘‘(10) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency will require eligible entities to describe in their applications under section 4204(b) how the transportation needs of partici-pating students will be addressed; 
‘‘(11) describes how the State will— ‘‘(A) prescreen external organizations that 
could provide assistance in carrying out the ac-tivities under this part; and 
‘‘(B) develop and make available to eligible 
entities a list of external organizations that suc-cessfully completed the prescreening process; 
‘‘(12) provides— ‘‘(A) an assurance that the application was 
developed in consultation and coordination with appropriate State officials, including the chief State school officer, and other State agencies administering before and after school (or sum-mer recess) programs and activities, the heads of the State health and mental health agencies or their designees, statewide after-school networks (where applicable) and representatives of teach-ers, local educational agencies, and community- based organizations; and 
‘‘(B) a description of any other representa-
tives of teachers, parents, students, or the busi-ness community that the State has selected to assist in the development of the application, if applicable; 
‘‘(13) describes the results of the State’s needs 
and resources assessment for before and after school (or summer recess) programs and activi-ties, which shall be based on the results of on- going State evaluation activities; 
‘‘(14) describes how the State educational 
agency will evaluate the effectiveness of pro-grams and activities carried out under this part, which shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a description of the performance indica-
tors and performance measures that will be used to evaluate programs and activities with empha-sis on alignment with the regular academic pro-gram of the school and the academic needs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8492 November 30, 2015 
participating students, including performance 
indicators and measures that— 
‘‘(i) are able to track student success and im-
provement over time; 
‘‘(ii) include State assessment results and 
other indicators of student success and improve-ment, such as improved attendance during the school day, better classroom grades, regular (or consistent) program attendance, and on-time advancement to the next grade level; and 
‘‘(iii) for high school students, may include in-
dicators such as career competencies, successful completion of internships or apprenticeships, or work-based learning opportunities; 
‘‘(B) a description of how data collected for 
the purposes of subparagraph (A) will be col-lected; and 
‘‘(C) public dissemination of the evaluations 
of programs and activities carried out under this part; and 
‘‘(15) provides for timely public notice of in-
tent to file an application and an assurance that the application will be available for public review after submission. 
‘‘(b) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—An application sub-
mitted by a State educational agency pursuant to subsection (a) shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Secretary makes a written determination, prior to the expiration of the 120-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary received the application, that the application is not in compliance with this part. 
‘‘(c) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall not 
finally disapprove the application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this part, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) give the State educational agency notice 
and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
‘‘(2) notify the State educational agency of 
the finding of noncompliance and, in such noti-fication— 
‘‘(A) cite the specific provisions in the appli-
cation that are not in compliance; and 
‘‘(B) request additional information, only as 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(e) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notification described in subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notification, and resubmits the application with the requested information described in subsection (d)(2)(B), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(1) the expiration of the 45-day period begin-
ning on the date on which the application is re-submitted; or 
‘‘(2) the expiration of the 120-day period de-
scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(f) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the State edu-
cational agency does not respond to the Sec-retary’s notification described in subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notifica-tion, such application shall be deemed to be dis-approved. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not give 
a priority or a preference for States or eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to extend the regular school day. 
‘‘SEC. 4204. LOCAL COMPETITIVE SUBGRANT PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) C OMMUNITY LEARNING CENTERS .—A State 
that receives funds under this part for a fiscal year shall provide the amount made available under section 4202(c)(1) to award subgrants to eligible entities for community learning centers in accordance with this part. 
‘‘(2) E
XPANDED LEARNING PROGRAM ACTIVI -
TIES.—A State that receives funds under this part for a fiscal year may use funds under sec-
tion 4202(c)(1) to support those enrichment and engaging academic activities described in section 4205(a) that— 
‘‘(A) are included as part of an expanded 
learning program that provides students at least 300 additional program hours before, during, or after the traditional school day; 
‘‘(B) supplement but do not supplant regular 
school day requirements; and 
‘‘(C) are carried out by entities that meet the 
requirements of subsection (i). 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a 
subgrant under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and in-cluding such information as the State edu-cational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities to be fund-
ed, including— 
‘‘(i) an assurance that the program will take 
place in a safe and easily accessible facility; 
‘‘(ii) a description of how students partici-
pating in the program carried out by the com-munity learning center will travel safely to and from the center and home, if applicable; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the eligible entity 
will disseminate information about the commu-nity learning center (including its location) to the community in a manner that is understand-able and accessible; 
‘‘(B) a description of how such activities are 
expected to improve student academic achieve-ment as well as overall student success; 
‘‘(C) a demonstration of how the proposed 
program will coordinate Federal, State, and local programs and make the most effective use of public resources; 
‘‘(D) an assurance that the proposed program 
was developed and will be carried out— 
‘‘(i) in active collaboration with the schools 
that participating students attend (including through the sharing of relevant data among the schools), all participants of the eligible entity, and any partnership entities described in sub-paragraph (H), in compliance with applicable laws relating to privacy and confidentiality; and 
‘‘(ii) in alignment with the challenging State 
academic standards and any local academic standards; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the activities will 
meet the measures of effectiveness described in section 4205(b); 
‘‘(F) an assurance that the program will tar-
get students who primarily attend schools eligi-ble for schoolwide programs under section 1114 and the families of such students; 
‘‘(G) an assurance that subgrant funds under 
this part will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other non-Federal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available for programs and activities authorized under this part, and in no case sup-plant Federal, State, local, or non-Federal funds; 
‘‘(H) a description of the partnership between 
a local educational agency, a community-based organization, and another public entity or pri-vate entity, if appropriate; 
‘‘(I) an evaluation of the community needs 
and available resources for the community learning center, and a description of how the program proposed to be carried out in the center will address those needs (including the needs of working families); 
‘‘(J) a demonstration that the eligible entity 
will use best practices, including research or evi-dence-based practices, to provide educational and related activities that will complement and enhance academic performance, achievement, postsecondary and workforce preparation, and positive youth development of the students; 
‘‘(K) a description of a preliminary plan for 
how the community learning center will con-tinue after funding under this part ends; ‘‘(L) an assurance that the community will be 
given notice of an intent to submit an applica-tion and that the application and any waiver request will be available for public review after submission of the application; 
‘‘(M) if the eligible entity plans to use volun-
teers in activities carried out through the com-munity learning center, a description of how the eligible entity will encourage and use appro-priately qualified persons to serve as the volun-teers; and 
‘‘(N) such other information and assurances 
as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVAL OF CERTAIN APPLICATIONS .— 
The State educational agency may approve an application under this part for a program to be located in a facility other than an elementary school or secondary school only if the program will be at least as available and accessible to the students to be served as if the program were lo-cated in an elementary school or secondary school. 
‘‘(d) P
ERMISSIVE LOCAL MATCH.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agency 
may require an eligible entity to match subgrant funds awarded under this part, except that such match may not exceed the amount of the subgrant and may not be derived from other Federal or State funds. 
‘‘(2) S
LIDING SCALE .—The amount of a match 
under paragraph (1) shall be established based on a sliding scale that takes into account— 
‘‘(A) the relative poverty of the population to 
be targeted by the eligible entity; and 
‘‘(B) the ability of the eligible entity to obtain 
such matching funds. 
‘‘(3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—Each State 
educational agency that requires an eligible en-tity to match funds under this subsection shall permit the eligible entity to provide all or any portion of such match in the form of in-kind contributions. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Notwithstanding this 
subsection, a State educational agency shall not consider an eligible entity’s ability to match funds when determining which eligible entities will receive subgrants under this part. 
‘‘(e) P
EERREVIEW .—In reviewing local appli-
cations under this part, a State educational agency shall use a rigorous peer-review process or other methods to ensure the quality of funded projects. 
‘‘(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—To the extent 
practicable, a State educational agency shall distribute subgrant funds under this part equi-tably among geographic areas within the State, including urban and rural communities. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF AWARDS .—A subgrant 
awarded under this part shall be awarded for a period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(h) A
MOUNT OF AWARDS .—A subgrant 
awarded under this part may not be made in an amount that is less than $50,000. 
‘‘(i) P
RIORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In awarding subgrants 
under this part, a State educational agency shall give priority to applications— 
‘‘(A) proposing to target services to— ‘‘(i) students who primarily attend schools 
that— 
‘‘(I) are implementing comprehensive support 
and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d) or other schools determined by the local edu-cational agency to be in need of intervention and support to improve student academic achievement and other outcomes; and 
‘‘(II) enroll students who may be at risk for 
academic failure, dropping out of school, in-volvement in criminal or delinquent activities, or who lack strong positive role models; and 
‘‘(ii) the families of students described in 
clause (i); 
‘‘(B) submitted jointly by eligible entities con-
sisting of not less than 1— 
‘‘(i) local educational agency receiving funds 
under part A of title I; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8493 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(ii) another eligible entity; and 
‘‘(C) demonstrating that the activities pro-
posed in the application— 
‘‘(i) are, as of the date of the submission of 
the application, not accessible to students who would be served; or 
‘‘(ii) would expand accessibility to high-qual-
ity services that may be available in the commu-nity. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—The State educational 
agency shall provide the same priority under paragraph (1) to an application submitted by a local educational agency if the local edu-cational agency demonstrates that it is unable to partner with a community-based organization in reasonable geographic proximity and of suffi-cient quality to meet the requirements of this part. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A State educational agency 
may not give a priority or a preference to eligi-ble entities that seek to use funds made avail-able under this part to extend the regular school day. 
‘‘(j) R
ENEWABILITY OF AWARDS .—A State edu-
cational agency may renew a subgrant provided under this part to an eligible entity, based on the eligible entity’s performance during the pre-ceding subgrant period. 
‘‘SEC. 4205. LOCAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Each eligible 
entity that receives an award under section 4204 may use the award funds to carry out a broad array of activities that advance student aca-demic achievement and support student success, including— 
‘‘(1) academic enrichment learning programs, 
mentoring programs, remedial education activi-ties, and tutoring services, that are aligned with— 
‘‘(A) the challenging State academic stand-
ards and any local academic standards; and 
‘‘(B) local curricula that are designed to im-
prove student academic achievement; 
‘‘(2) well-rounded education activities, includ-
ing such activities that enable students to be eli-gible for credit recovery or attainment; 
‘‘(3) literacy education programs, including fi-
nancial literacy programs and environmental literacy programs; 
‘‘(4) programs that support a healthy and ac-
tive lifestyle, including nutritional education and regular, structured physical activity pro-grams; 
‘‘(5) services for individuals with disabilities; ‘‘(6) programs that provide after-school activi-
ties for students who are English learners that emphasize language skills and academic achievement; 
‘‘(7) cultural programs; ‘‘(8) telecommunications and technology edu-
cation programs; 
‘‘(9) expanded library service hours; ‘‘(10) parenting skills programs that promote 
parental involvement and family literacy; 
‘‘(11) programs that provide assistance to stu-
dents who have been truant, suspended, or ex-pelled to allow the students to improve their academic achievement; 
‘‘(12) drug and violence prevention programs 
and counseling programs; 
‘‘(13) programs that build skills in science, 
technology, engineering, and mathematics (re-ferred to in this paragraph as ‘STEM’), includ-ing computer science, and that foster innovation in learning by supporting nontraditional STEM education teaching methods; and 
‘‘(14) programs that partner with in-demand 
fields of the local workforce or build career com-petencies and career readiness and ensure that local workforce and career readiness skills are aligned with the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) and the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
‘‘(b) M
EASURES OF EFFECTIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a program or activity 
developed pursuant to this part to meet the measures of effectiveness, monitored by the 
State educational agency as described in section 4203(a)(14), such program or activity shall— 
‘‘(A) be based upon an assessment of objective 
data regarding the need for before and after school (or summer recess) programs and activi-ties in the schools and communities; 
‘‘(B) be based upon an established set of per-
formance measures aimed at ensuring the avail-ability of high-quality academic enrichment op-portunities; 
‘‘(C) if appropriate, be based upon evidence- 
based research that the program or activity will help students meet the challenging State aca-demic standards and any local academic stand-ards; 
‘‘(D) ensure that measures of student success 
align with the regular academic program of the school and the academic needs of participating students and include performance indicators and measures described in section 4203(a)(14)(A); and 
‘‘(E) collect the data necessary for the meas-
ures of student success described in subpara-graph (D). 
‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The program or activity 
shall undergo a periodic evaluation in conjunc-tion with the State educational agency’s overall evaluation plan as described in section 4203(a)(14), to assess the program’s progress to-ward achieving the goal of providing high-qual-ity opportunities for academic enrichment and overall student success. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The results of evalua-
tions under subparagraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
the program or activity, and to refine the per-formance measures; 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public upon re-
quest, with public notice of such availability provided; and 
‘‘(iii) used by the State to determine whether 
a subgrant is eligible to be renewed under sec-tion 4204(j). 
‘‘SEC. 4206. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $1,100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020.’’. 
PART C—EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY 
THROUGH QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOLS 
SEC. 4301. CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
Part C of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7221 et seq.), as 
redesignated by section 4001, is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 4301 through 4305, as 
redesignated by section 4001, and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4301. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to— 
‘‘(1) improve the United States education sys-
tem and education opportunities for all people in the United States by supporting innovation in public education in public school settings that prepare students to compete and contribute to the global economy and a stronger Nation; 
‘‘(2) provide financial assistance for the plan-
ning, program design, and initial implementa-tion of charter schools; 
‘‘(3) increase the number of high-quality char-
ter schools available to students across the United States; 
‘‘(4) evaluate the impact of charter schools on 
student achievement, families, and communities, and share best practices between charter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(5) encourage States to provide support to 
charter schools for facilities financing in an amount more nearly commensurate to the amount States typically provide for traditional public schools; 
‘‘(6) expand opportunities for children with 
disabilities, English learners, and other tradi-tionally underserved students to attend charter schools and meet the challenging State academic standards; ‘‘(7) support efforts to strengthen the charter 
school authorizing process to improve perform-ance management, including transparency, oversight and monitoring (including financial audits), and evaluation of such schools; and 
‘‘(8) support quality, accountability, and 
transparency in the operational performance of all authorized public chartering agencies, in-cluding State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and other authorizing enti-ties. 
‘‘SEC. 4302. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may carry 
out a charter school program that supports charter schools that serve early childhood, ele-mentary school, or secondary school students by— 
‘‘(1) supporting the startup of new charter 
schools, the replication of high-quality charter schools, and the expansion of high-quality char-ter schools; 
‘‘(2) assisting charter schools in accessing 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
‘‘(3) carrying out national activities to sup-
port— 
‘‘(A) the activities described in paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) the dissemination of best practices of 
charter schools for all schools; 
‘‘(C) the evaluation of the impact of the char-
ter school program under this part on schools participating in such program; and 
‘‘(D) stronger charter school authorizing prac-
tices. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—From the amount 
made available under section 4311 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve 12.5 percent to support charter 
school facilities assistance under section 4304; 
‘‘(2) reserve 22.5 percent to carry out national 
activities under section 4305; and 
‘‘(3) use the remaining amount after the res-
ervations under paragraphs (1) and (2) to carry out section 4303. 
‘‘(c) P
RIOR GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS .—The re-
cipient of a grant or subgrant under part B of title V (as such part was in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act) shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such grant or subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 4303. GRANTS TO SUPPORT HIGH-QUALITY 
CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE ENTITY DEFINED .—For purposes of 
this section, the term ‘State entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State educational agency; ‘‘(2) a State charter school board; ‘‘(3) a Governor of a State; or 
‘‘(4) a charter school support organization. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amount available under section 4302(b)(3), the Secretary shall award, on a competitive basis, grants to State entities having applications ap-proved under subsection (f) to enable such enti-ties to— 
‘‘(1) award subgrants to eligible applicants to 
enable eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(A) open and prepare for the operation of 
new charter schools; 
‘‘(B) open and prepare for the operation of 
replicated high-quality charter schools; or 
‘‘(C) expand high-quality charter schools; and ‘‘(2) provide technical assistance to eligible 
applicants and authorized public chartering agencies in carrying out the activities described in paragraph (1), and work with authorized public chartering agencies in the State to im-prove authorizing quality, including developing capacity for, and conducting, fiscal oversight and auditing of charter schools. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE ENTITY USES OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State entity receiving a 
grant under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) use not less than 90 percent of the grant 
funds to award subgrants to eligible applicants, in accordance with the quality charter school program described in the State entity’s applica-tion pursuant to subsection (f), for the purposes described in subsection (b)(1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8494 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(B) reserve not less than 7 percent of such 
funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (b)(2); and 
‘‘(C) reserve not more than 3 percent of such 
funds for administrative costs, which may in-clude technical assistance. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—A State entity 
may use a grant received under this section to carry out the activities described in subsection (b)(2) directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF LOTTERY .—Nothing in this Act 
shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to State entities, or prohibit State entities from awarding subgrants to eligible applicants, that use a weighted lottery to give slightly better chances for admission to all, or a subset of, edu-cationally disadvantaged students if— 
‘‘(i) the use of weighted lotteries in favor of 
such students is not prohibited by State law, and such State law is consistent with laws de-scribed in section 4310(2)(G); and 
‘‘(ii) such weighted lotteries are not used for 
the purpose of creating schools exclusively to serve a particular subset of students. 
‘‘(B) S
TUDENTS WITH SPECIAL NEEDS .—Nothing 
in this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit schools from specializing in providing specific services for students with a demonstrated need for such services, such as students who need specialized instruction in reading, spelling, or writing. 
‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM PERIODS ; PEERREVIEW ; DIS-
TRIBUTION OF SUBGRANTS ; WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM PERIODS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTS .—A grant awarded by the Sec-
retary to a State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(B) S
UBGRANTS .—A subgrant awarded by a 
State entity under this section shall be for a pe-riod of not more than 5 years, of which an eligi-ble applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design. 
‘‘(2) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary, and each 
State entity awarding subgrants under this sec-tion, shall use a peer-review process to review applications for assistance under this section. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT AWARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall for each fiscal year for which funds 
are appropriated under section 4311— 
‘‘(I) award not less than 3 grants under this 
section; and 
‘‘(II) fully obligate the first 2 years of funds 
appropriated for the purpose of awarding grants under this section in the first fiscal year for which such grants are awarded; and 
‘‘(ii) prior to the start of the third year of the 
grant period and each succeeding year of each grant awarded under this section to a State en-tity— 
‘‘(I) shall review— ‘‘(aa) whether the State entity is using the 
grant funds for the agreed upon uses of funds; and 
‘‘(bb) whether the full amount of the grant 
will be needed for the remainder of the grant pe-riod; and 
‘‘(II) may, as determined necessary based on 
that review, terminate or reduce the amount of the grant and reallocate the remaining grant funds to other State entities— 
‘‘(aa) by using such funds to award grants 
under this section to other State entities; or 
‘‘(bb) in a fiscal year in which the amount of 
such remaining funds is insufficient to award grants under item (aa), in accordance with sub-paragraph (B). 
‘‘(B) R
EMAINING FUNDING .—For a fiscal year 
for which there are remaining grant funds under this paragraph, but the amount of such funds is insufficient to award a grant to a State entity under this section, the Secretary shall use such remaining grants funds— 
‘‘(i) to supplement funding for grants under 
section 4305(a)(2), but not to supplant— 
‘‘(I) the funds reserved under section 
4305(a)(2); and ‘‘(II) funds otherwise reserved under section 
4302(b)(2) to carry out national activities under section 4305; 
‘‘(ii) to award grants to State entities to carry 
out the activities described in subsection (b)(1) for the next fiscal year; or 
‘‘(iii) to award one year of a grant under sub-
section (b)(1) to a high-scoring State entity, in an amount at or above the minimum amount the State entity needs to be successful for such year. 
‘‘(4) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—Each State en-
tity awarding subgrants under this section shall award subgrants in a manner that, to the extent practicable and applicable, ensures that such subgrants— 
‘‘(A) are distributed throughout different 
areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; and 
‘‘(B) will assist charter schools representing a 
variety of educational approaches. 
‘‘(5) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive any 
statutory or regulatory requirement over which the Secretary exercises administrative authority, except any such requirement relating to the ele-ments of a charter school described in section 4310(2), if— 
‘‘(A) the waiver is requested in an approved 
application under this section; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that granting 
such waiver will promote the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS .—No State entity may receive a 
grant under this section for use in a State in which a State entity is currently using a grant received under this section. 
‘‘(2) S
UBGRANTS .—An eligible applicant may 
not receive more than 1 subgrant under this sec-tion for each individual charter school for a 5- year period, unless the eligible applicant dem-onstrates to the State entity that such indi-vidual charter school has at least 3 years of im-proved educational results for students enrolled in such charter school with respect to the ele-ments described in subparagraphs (A) and (D) of section 4310(8). 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .—A State entity desiring to 
receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROGRAM .—A description 
of the State entity’s objectives in running a quality charter school program under this sec-tion and how the objectives of the program will be carried out, including— 
‘‘(A) a description of how the State entity 
will— 
‘‘(i) support the opening of charter schools 
through the startup of new charter schools and, if applicable, the replication of high-quality charter schools, and the expansion of high-qual-ity charter schools (including the proposed num-ber of new charter schools to be opened, high- quality charter schools to be opened as a result of the replication of a high-quality charter school, or high-quality charter schools to be ex-panded under the State entity’s program); 
‘‘(ii) inform eligible charter schools, devel-
opers, and authorized public chartering agen-cies of the availability of funds under the pro-gram; 
‘‘(iii) work with eligible applicants to ensure 
that the eligible applicants access all Federal funds that such applicants are eligible to re-ceive, and help the charter schools supported by the applicants and the students attending those charter schools— 
‘‘(I) participate in the Federal programs in 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; 
‘‘(II) receive the commensurate share of Fed-
eral funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; and 
‘‘(III) meet the needs of students served under 
such programs, including students with disabil-ities and English learners; 
‘‘(iv) ensure that authorized public chartering 
agencies, in collaboration with surrounding local educational agencies where applicable, es-
tablish clear plans and procedures to assist stu-dents enrolled in a charter school that closes or loses its charter to attend other high-quality schools; 
‘‘(v) in the case of a State entity that is not 
a State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) work with the State educational agency 
and charter schools in the State to maximize charter school participation in Federal and State programs for which charter schools are eli-gible; and 
‘‘(II) work with the State educational agency 
to operate the State entity’s program under this section, if applicable; 
‘‘(vi) ensure that each eligible applicant that 
receives a subgrant under the State entity’s pro-gram— 
‘‘(I) is using funds provided under this section 
for one of the activities described in subsection (b)(1); and 
‘‘(II) is prepared to continue to operate char-
ter schools funded under this section in a man-ner consistent with the eligible applicant’s ap-plication for such subgrant once the subgrant funds under this section are no longer available; 
‘‘(vii) support— ‘‘(I) charter schools in local educational agen-
cies with a significant number of schools identi-fied by the State for comprehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i); and 
‘‘(II) the use of charter schools to improve 
struggling schools, or to turn around struggling schools; 
‘‘(viii) work with charter schools on— ‘‘(I) recruitment and enrollment practices to 
promote inclusion of all students, including by eliminating any barriers to enrollment for edu-cationally disadvantaged students (who include foster youth and unaccompanied homeless youth); and 
‘‘(II) supporting all students once they are en-
rolled to promote retention, including by reduc-ing the overuse of discipline practices that re-move students from the classroom; 
‘‘(ix) share best and promising practices be-
tween charter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(x) ensure that charter schools receiving 
funds under the State entity’s program meet the educational needs of their students, including children with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(xi) support efforts to increase charter school 
quality initiatives, including meeting the quality authorizing elements described in paragraph (2)(D); 
‘‘(xii)(I) in the case of a State entity not de-
scribed in subclause (II), a description of how the State entity will provide oversight of author-izing activity, including how the State will help ensure better authorizing, such as by estab-lishing authorizing standards that may include approving, monitoring, and re-approving or re-voking the authority of an authorized public chartering agency based on the performance of the charter schools authorized by such agency in the areas of student achievement, student safety, financial and operational management, and compliance with all applicable statutes and regulations; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of a State entity described in 
subsection (a)(4), a description of how the State entity will work with the State to support the State’s system of technical assistance and over-sight, as described in subclause (I), of the au-thorizing activity of authorized public char-tering agencies; and 
‘‘(xiii) work with eligible applicants receiving 
a subgrant under the State entity’s program to support the opening of new charter schools or charter school models described in clause (i) that are high schools; 
‘‘(B) a description of the extent to which the 
State entity— 
‘‘(i) is able to meet and carry out the priorities 
described in subsection (g)(2); 
‘‘(ii) is working to develop or strengthen a co-
hesive statewide system to support the opening of new charter schools and, if applicable, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8495 November 30, 2015 
replication of high-quality charter schools, and 
the expansion of high-quality charter schools; and 
‘‘(iii) is working to develop or strengthen a co-
hesive strategy to encourage collaboration be-tween charter schools and local educational agencies on the sharing of best practices; 
‘‘(C) a description of how the State entity will 
award subgrants, on a competitive basis, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) a description of the application each eligi-
ble applicant desiring to receive a subgrant will be required to submit, which application shall include— 
‘‘(I) a description of the roles and responsibil-
ities of eligible applicants, partner organiza-tions, and charter management organizations, including the administrative and contractual roles and responsibilities of such partners; 
‘‘(II) a description of the quality controls 
agreed to between the eligible applicant and the authorized public chartering agency involved, such as a contract or performance agreement, how a school’s performance in the State’s ac-countability system and impact on student achievement (which may include student aca-demic growth) will be one of the most important factors for renewal or revocation of the school’s charter, and how the State entity and the au-thorized public chartering agency involved will reserve the right to revoke or not renew a school’s charter based on financial, structural, or operational factors involving the management of the school; 
‘‘(III) a description of how the autonomy and 
flexibility granted to a charter school is con-sistent with the definition of a charter school in section 4310; 
‘‘(IV) a description of how the eligible appli-
cant will solicit and consider input from parents and other members of the community on the im-plementation and operation of each charter school that will receive funds under the State entity’s program; 
‘‘(V) a description of the eligible applicant’s 
planned activities and expenditures of subgrant funds to support the activities described in sub-section (b)(1), and how the eligible applicant will maintain financial sustainability after the end of the subgrant period; and 
‘‘(VI) a description of how the eligible appli-
cant will support the use of effective parent, family, and community engagement strategies to operate each charter school that will receive funds under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State entity will 
review applications from eligible applicants; 
‘‘(D) in the case of a State entity that part-
ners with an outside organization to carry out the State entity’s quality charter school pro-gram, in whole or in part, a description of the roles and responsibilities of the partner; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the State entity will 
ensure that each charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program has considered and planned for the transportation needs of the school’s students; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the State in which 
the State entity is located addresses charter schools in the State’s open meetings and open records laws; and 
‘‘(G) a description of how the State entity will 
support diverse charter school models, including models that serve rural communities. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Assurances that— 
‘‘(A) each charter school receiving funds 
through the State entity’s program will have a high degree of autonomy over budget and oper-ations, including autonomy over personnel deci-sions; 
‘‘(B) the State entity will support charter 
schools in meeting the educational needs of their students, as described in paragraph (1)(A)(x); 
‘‘(C) the State entity will ensure that the au-
thorized public chartering agency of any char-ter school that receives funds under the State entity’s program adequately monitors each char-ter school under the authority of such agency in 
recruiting, enrolling, retaining, and meeting the needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(D) the State entity will provide adequate 
technical assistance to eligible applicants to meet the objectives described in clause (viii) of paragraph (1)(A) and subparagraph (B) of this paragraph; 
‘‘(E) the State entity will promote quality au-
thorizing, consistent with State law, such as through providing technical assistance to sup-port each authorized public chartering agency in the State to improve such agency’s ability to monitor the charter schools authorized by the agency, including by— 
‘‘(i) assessing annual performance data of the 
schools, including, as appropriate, graduation rates, student academic growth, and rates of student attrition; 
‘‘(ii) reviewing the schools’ independent, an-
nual audits of financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and ensuring that any such audits are publically reported; and 
‘‘(iii) holding charter schools accountable to 
the academic, financial, and operational quality controls agreed to between the charter school and the authorized public chartering agency in-volved, such as through renewal, non-renewal, or revocation of the school’s charter; 
‘‘(F) the State entity will work to ensure that 
charter schools are included with the traditional public schools in decisionmaking about the pub-lic school system in the State; and 
‘‘(G) the State entity will ensure that each 
charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program makes publicly available, con-sistent with the dissemination requirements of the annual State report card under section 1111(h), including on the website of the school, information to help parents make informed deci-sions about the education options available to their children, including— 
‘‘(i) information on the educational program; ‘‘(ii) student support services; ‘‘(iii) parent contract requirements (as appli-
cable), including any financial obligations or fees; 
‘‘(iv) enrollment criteria (as applicable); and ‘‘(v) annual performance and enrollment data 
for each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2), except that such disaggregation of performance and enrollment data shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a group is insufficient to yield statically reliable information or the re-sults would reveal personally identifiable infor-mation about an individual student. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUESTS FOR WAIVERS .—Information 
about waivers, including— 
‘‘(A) a request and justification for waivers of 
any Federal statutory or regulatory provisions that the State entity believes are necessary for the successful operation of the charter schools that will receive funds under the State entity’s program under this section or, in the case of a State entity defined in subsection (a)(4), a de-scription of how the State entity will work with the State to request such necessary waivers, where applicable; and 
‘‘(B) a description of any State or local rules, 
generally applicable to public schools, that will be waived, or otherwise not apply to such schools. 
‘‘(g) S
ELECTION CRITERIA ; PRIORITY .— 
‘‘(1) S ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to State entities under this section on the basis of the quality of the appli-cations submitted under subsection (f), after taking into consideration— 
‘‘(A) the degree of flexibility afforded by the 
State’s charter school law and how the State en-tity will work to maximize the flexibility pro-vided to charter schools under such law; 
‘‘(B) the ambitiousness of the State entity’s 
objectives for the quality charter school program carried out under this section; ‘‘(C) the likelihood that the eligible applicants 
receiving subgrants under the program will meet those objectives and improve educational results for students; 
‘‘(D) the State entity’s plan to— ‘‘(i) adequately monitor the eligible applicants 
receiving subgrants under the State entity’s pro-gram; 
‘‘(ii) work with the authorized public char-
tering agencies involved to avoid duplication of work for the charter schools and authorized public chartering agencies; and 
‘‘(iii) provide technical assistance and support 
for— 
‘‘(I) the eligible applicants receiving subgrants 
under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(II) quality authorizing efforts in the State; 
and 
‘‘(E) the State entity’s plan to solicit and con-
sider input from parents and other members of the community on the implementation and oper-ation of charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to a State entity to the extent that the entity meets the following criteria: 
‘‘(A) The State entity is located in a State 
that— 
‘‘(i) allows at least one entity that is not a 
local educational agency to be an authorized public chartering agency for developers seeking to open a charter school in the State; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State in which local edu-
cational agencies are the only authorized public chartering agencies, the State has an appeals process for the denial of an application for a charter school. 
‘‘(B) The State entity is located in a State 
that ensures equitable financing, as compared to traditional public schools, for charter schools and students in a prompt manner. 
‘‘(C) The State entity is located in a State that 
provides charter schools one or more of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Funding for facilities. ‘‘(ii) Assistance with facilities acquisition. ‘‘(iii) Access to public facilities. 
‘‘(iv) The ability to share in bonds or mill lev-
ies. 
‘‘(v) The right of first refusal to purchase pub-
lic school buildings. 
‘‘(vi) Low- or no-cost leasing privileges. ‘‘(D) The State entity is located in a State 
that uses best practices from charter schools to help improve struggling schools and local edu-cational agencies. 
‘‘(E) The State entity supports charter schools 
that serve at-risk students through activities such as dropout prevention, dropout recovery, or comprehensive career counseling services. 
‘‘(F) The State entity has taken steps to en-
sure that all authorizing public chartering agencies implement best practices for charter school authorizing. 
‘‘(h) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS.—An eligible ap-
plicant receiving a subgrant under this section shall use such funds to support the activities de-scribed in subsection (b)(1), which shall include one or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Preparing teachers, school leaders, and 
specialized instructional support personnel, in-cluding through paying the costs associated with— 
‘‘(A) providing professional development; and ‘‘(B) hiring and compensating, during the eli-
gible applicant’s planning period specified in the application for subgrant funds that is re-quired under this section, one or more of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Teachers. ‘‘(ii) School leaders. ‘‘(iii) Specialized instructional support per-
sonnel. 
‘‘(2) Acquiring supplies, training, equipment 
(including technology), and educational mate-rials (including developing and acquiring in-structional materials). 
‘‘(3) Carrying out necessary renovations to en-
sure that a new school building complies with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8496 November 30, 2015 
applicable statutes and regulations, and minor 
facilities repairs (excluding construction). 
‘‘(4) Providing one-time, startup costs associ-
ated with providing transportation to students to and from the charter school. 
‘‘(5) Carrying out community engagement ac-
tivities, which may include paying the cost of student and staff recruitment. 
‘‘(6) Providing for other appropriate, non-sus-
tained costs related to the activities described in subsection (b)(1) when such costs cannot be met from other sources. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
entity receiving a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the 5-year grant period (or at the end of the second year of the grant period if the grant is less than 5 years), and at the end of such grant period, a report that includes the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) The number of students served by each 
subgrant awarded under this section and, if ap-plicable, the number of new students served dur-ing each year of the period of the subgrant. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the State entity met 
the objectives of the quality charter school pro-gram described in the State entity’s application under subsection (f), including— 
‘‘(A) how the State entity met the objective of 
sharing best and promising practices described in subsection (f)(1)(A)(ix) in areas such as in-struction, professional development, curricula development, and operations between charter schools and other public schools; and 
‘‘(B) if known, the extent to which such prac-
tices were adopted and implemented by such other public schools. 
‘‘(3) The number and amount of subgrants 
awarded under this section to carry out activi-ties described in each of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(4) A description of— ‘‘(A) how the State entity complied with, and 
ensured that eligible applicants complied with, the assurances included in the State entity’s ap-plication; and 
‘‘(B) how the State entity worked with au-
thorized public chartering agencies, and how the agencies worked with the management com-pany or leadership of the schools that received subgrant funds under this section, if applicable. 
‘‘SEC. 4304. FACILITIES FINANCING ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
under section 4302(b)(1), the Secretary shall use not less than 50 percent to award, on a competi-tive basis, not less than 3 grants to eligible enti-ties that have the highest-quality applications approved under subsection (d), after considering the diversity of such applications, to dem-onstrate innovative methods of helping charter schools to address the cost of acquiring, con-structing, and renovating facilities by enhanc-ing the availability of loans or bond financing. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—For the pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a public entity, such as a State or local 
governmental entity; 
‘‘(B) a private nonprofit entity; or ‘‘(C) a consortium of entities described in sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTEE SELECTION .—The Secretary 
shall evaluate each application submitted under subsection (d), and shall determine whether the application is sufficient to merit approval. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT CHARACTERISTICS .—Grants under 
subsection (a) shall be of sufficient size, scope, and quality so as to ensure an effective dem-onstration of an innovative means of enhancing credit for the financing of charter school acqui-sition, construction, or renovation. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity desiring 
to receive a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary in such form as the Secretary may reasonably require. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement identifying the activities 
that the eligible entity proposes to carry out with funds received under subsection (a), in-cluding how the eligible entity will determine which charter schools will receive assistance, and how much and what types of assistance charter schools will receive; 
‘‘(B) a description of the involvement of char-
ter schools in the application’s development and the design of the proposed activities; 
‘‘(C) a description of the eligible entity’s ex-
pertise in capital market financing; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the proposed activi-
ties will leverage the maximum amount of pri-vate-sector financing capital relative to the amount of government funding used and other-wise enhance credit available to charter schools, including how the eligible entity will offer a combination of rates and terms more favorable than the rates and terms that a charter school could receive without assistance from the eligi-ble entity under this section; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the eligible entity 
possesses sufficient expertise in education to evaluate the likelihood of success of a charter school program for which facilities financing is sought; and 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application submitted 
by a State governmental entity, a description of the actions that the eligible entity has taken, or will take, to ensure that charter schools within the State receive the funding that charter schools need to have adequate facilities. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER SCHOOL OBJECTIVES .—An eligi-
ble entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall use the funds deposited in the reserve ac-count established under subsection (f) to assist one or more charter schools to access private- sector capital to accomplish one or more of the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) The acquisition (by purchase, lease, do-
nation, or otherwise) of an interest (including an interest held by a third party for the benefit of a charter school) in improved or unimproved real property that is necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(2) The construction of new facilities, or the 
renovation, repair, or alteration of existing fa-cilities, necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(3) The predevelopment costs required to as-
sess sites for purposes of paragraph (1) or (2) and that are necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(f) R
ESERVE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—To assist charter schools 
in accomplishing the objectives described in sub-section (e), an eligible entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall, in accordance with State and local law, directly or indirectly, alone or in collaboration with others, deposit the funds received under subsection (a) (other than funds used for administrative costs in accord-ance with subsection (g)) in a reserve account established and maintained by the eligible entity for this purpose. Amounts deposited in such ac-count shall be used by the eligible entity for one or more of the following purposes: 
‘‘(A) Guaranteeing, insuring, and reinsuring 
bonds, notes, evidences of debt, loans, and inter-ests therein, the proceeds of which are used for an objective described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(B) Guaranteeing and insuring leases of per-
sonal and real property for an objective de-scribed in subsection (e). 
‘‘(C) Facilitating financing by identifying po-
tential lending sources, encouraging private lending, and other similar activities that di-rectly promote lending to, or for the benefit of, charter schools. 
‘‘(D) Facilitating the issuance of bonds by 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by providing tech-nical, administrative, and other appropriate as-sistance (including the recruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school 
projects within a single bond issue). 
‘‘(2) I
NVESTMENT .—Funds received under sub-
section (a) and deposited in the reserve account established under paragraph (1) shall be in-vested in obligations issued or guaranteed by the United States or a State, or in other simi-larly low-risk securities. 
‘‘(3) R
EINVESTMENT OF EARNINGS .—Any earn-
ings on funds received under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the reserve account estab-lished under paragraph (1) and used in accord-ance with this subsection. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
An eligible entity may use not more than 2.5 percent of the funds received under subsection (a) for the administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this section (excluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(h) A
UDITS AND REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) F INANCIAL RECORD MAINTENANCE AND  
AUDIT .—The financial records of each eligible 
entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall be maintained in accordance with gen-erally accepted accounting principles and shall be subject to an annual audit by an inde-pendent public accountant. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTEE ANNUAL REPORTS .—Each eligi-
ble entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary an annual report of the entity’s operations and activities under this section (excluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each annual report sub-
mitted under subparagraph (A) shall include— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the most recent financial state-
ments, and any accompanying opinion on such statements, prepared by the independent public accountant reviewing the financial records of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit of 
the financial records of the eligible entity that was conducted under paragraph (1) during the reporting period; 
‘‘(iii) an evaluation by the eligible entity of 
the effectiveness of its use of the Federal funds provided under subsection (a) in leveraging pri-vate funds; 
‘‘(iv) a listing and description of the charter 
schools served during the reporting period, in-cluding the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance provided to the charter schools; 
‘‘(v) a description of the activities carried out 
by the eligible entity to assist charter schools in meeting the objectives set forth in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(vi) a description of the characteristics of 
lenders and other financial institutions partici-pating in the activities carried out by the eligi-ble entity under this section (excluding sub-section (k)) during the reporting period. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall review the reports submitted under sub-paragraph (A) and shall provide a comprehen-sive annual report to Congress on the activities conducted under this section (excluding sub-section (k)). 
‘‘(i) N
OFULLFAITH AND CREDIT FOR GRANTEE  
OBLIGATION .—No financial obligation of an eli-
gible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or loan) shall be an obli-gation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not pledged to the payment of funds that may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursu-ant to any provision of this section. 
‘‘(j) R
ECOVERY OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in accord-
ance with chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code, shall collect— 
‘‘(A) all of the funds in a reserve account es-
tablished by an eligible entity under subsection (f)(1) if the Secretary determines, not earlier than 2 years after the date on which the eligible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8497 November 30, 2015 
entity first received funds under subsection (a), 
that the eligible entity has failed to make sub-stantial progress in carrying out the purposes described in subsection (f)(1); or 
‘‘(B) all or a portion of the funds in a reserve 
account established by an eligible entity under subsection (f)(1) if the Secretary determines that the eligible entity has permanently ceased to use all or a portion of the funds in such account to accomplish any purpose described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(2) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
shall not exercise the authority provided in paragraph (1) to collect from any eligible entity any funds that are being properly used to achieve one or more of the purposes described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The provisions of sections 
451, 452, and 458 of the General Education Pro-visions Act shall apply to the recovery of funds under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This subsection shall 
not be construed to impair or affect the author-ity of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234 et seq.). 
‘‘(k) P
ER-PUPIL FACILITIES AIDPROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF PER -PUPIL FACILITIES AID  
PROGRAM .—In this subsection, the term ‘per- 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a program in which a State makes payments, on a per-pupil basis, to charter schools to provide the schools with financing— 
‘‘(A) that is dedicated solely to funding char-
ter school facilities; or 
‘‘(B) a portion of which is dedicated for fund-
ing charter school facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
under section 4302(b)(1) and remaining after the Secretary makes grants under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make grants, on a competi-tive basis, to States to pay for the Federal share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and ad-ministering, per-pupil facilities aid programs. 
‘‘(B) P
ERIOD .—The Secretary shall award 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost described in subparagraph (A) for a per-pupil facilities aid program shall be not more than— 
‘‘(i) 90 percent of the cost, for the first fiscal 
year for which the program receives assistance under this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent for the second such year; 
‘‘(iii) 60 percent for the third such year; ‘‘(iv) 40 percent for the fourth such year; and ‘‘(v) 20 percent for the fifth such year. ‘‘(D) S
TATE SHARE .—A State receiving a grant 
under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations, and such organizations may provide not more than 50 percent of the State share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering, the per-pupil facilities aid program. 
‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE GRANTS .—A State may receive 
more than 1 grant under this subsection, so long as the amount of total funds provided to charter schools increases with each successive grant. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a per-pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATIONS ; TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ; 
DISSEMINATION .—From the amount made avail-
able to a State through a grant under this sub-section for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to carry out evalua-tions, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide per- pupil facilities aid programs, operations financ-
ing programs, or other programs, for charter schools. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—No State 
may be required to participate in a program car-ried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE LAW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under this subsection, a State shall estab-lish or enhance, and administer, a per-pupil fa-cilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
‘‘(I) is specified in State law; and ‘‘(II) provides annual financing, on a per- 
pupil basis, for charter school facilities. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State that is required 
under State law to provide its charter schools with access to adequate facility space, but that does not have a per-pupil facilities aid program for charter schools specified in State law, is eli-gible to receive a grant under this subsection if the State agrees to use the funds to develop a per-pupil facilities aid program consistent with the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘SEC. 4305. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
under section 4302(b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use not more than 80 percent of such 
funds to award grants in accordance with sub-section (b); 
‘‘(2) use not more than 9 percent of such funds 
to award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligi-ble applicants for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in section 4303(h) in a State that did not receive a grant under section 4303; and 
‘‘(3) after the uses described in paragraphs (1) 
and (2), use the remainder of such funds to— 
‘‘(A) disseminate technical assistance to— ‘‘(i) State entities in awarding subgrants 
under section 4303(b)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) eligible entities and States receiving 
grants under section 4304; 
‘‘(B) disseminate best practices regarding 
charter schools; and 
‘‘(C) evaluate the impact of the charter school 
program carried out under this part, including the impact on student achievement. 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS FOR THE REPLICATION AND EX-
PANSION OF HIGH-QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOLS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities having applications approved under paragraph (3) to enable such entities to open and prepare for the operation of one or more replicated high- quality charter schools or to expand one or more high-quality charter schools. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible en-tity’ means a charter management organization. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—An eligible 
entity desiring to receive a grant under this sub-section shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall in-clude the following: 
‘‘(A) E
XISTING CHARTER SCHOOL DATA .—For 
each charter school currently operated or man-aged by the eligible entity— 
‘‘(i) student assessment results for all students 
and for each subgroup of students described in section 1111(c)(2); 
‘‘(ii) attendance and student retention rates 
for the most recently completed school year and, if applicable, the most recent available 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended- year adjusted cohort graduation rates; and 
‘‘(iii) information on any significant compli-
ance and management issues encountered with-in the last 3 school years by any school operated or managed by the eligible entity, including in the areas of student safety and finance. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTIONS .—A description of— 
‘‘(i) the eligible entity’s objectives for imple-
menting a high-quality charter school program with funding under this subsection, including a description of the proposed number of high- quality charter schools the eligible entity pro-poses to open as a result of the replication of a high-quality charter school or to expand with funding under this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) the educational program that the eligible 
entity will implement in such charter schools, including— 
‘‘(I) information on how the program will en-
able all students to meet the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(II) the grade levels or ages of students who 
will be served; and 
‘‘(III) the instructional practices that will be 
used; 
‘‘(iii) how the operation of such charter 
schools will be sustained after the grant under this subsection has ended, which shall include a multi-year financial and operating model for the eligible entity; 
‘‘(iv) how the eligible entity will ensure that 
such charter schools will recruit and enroll stu-dents, including children with disabilities, English learners, and other educationally dis-advantaged students; and 
‘‘(v) any request and justification for any 
waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory re-quirements that the eligible entity believes are necessary for the successful operation of such charter schools. 
‘‘(C) A
SSURANCE .—An assurance that the eli-
gible entity has sufficient procedures in effect to ensure timely closure of low-performing or fi-nancially mismanaged charter schools and clear plans and procedures in effect for the students in such schools to attend other high-quality schools. 
‘‘(4) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall select eligible entities to receive grants under this subsection, on the basis of the qual-ity of the applications submitted under para-graph (3), after taking into consideration such factors as— 
‘‘(A) the degree to which the eligible entity 
has demonstrated success in increasing aca-demic achievement for all students and for each of the subgroups of students described in section 1111(c)(2) attending the charter schools the eligi-ble entity operates or manages; 
‘‘(B) a determination that the eligible entity 
has not operated or managed a significant pro-portion of charter schools that— 
‘‘(i) have been closed; ‘‘(ii) have had the school’s charter revoked 
due to problems with statutory or regulatory compliance; or 
‘‘(iii) have had the school’s affiliation with 
the eligible entity revoked or terminated, includ-ing through voluntary disaffiliation; and 
‘‘(C) a determination that the eligible entity 
has not experienced significant problems with statutory or regulatory compliance that could lead to the revocation of a school’s charter. 
‘‘(5) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
‘‘(A) plan to operate or manage high-quality 
charter schools with racially and socioeconomically diverse student bodies; 
‘‘(B) demonstrate success in working with 
schools identified by the State for comprehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i); 
‘‘(C) propose to use funds— ‘‘(i) to expand high-quality charter schools to 
serve high school students; or 
‘‘(ii) to replicate high-quality charter schools 
to serve high school students; or 
‘‘(D) propose to operate or manage high-qual-
ity charter schools that focus on dropout recov-ery and academic reentry. 
‘‘(c) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Except as oth-
erwise provided, grants awarded under para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8498 November 30, 2015 
the same terms and conditions as grants award-
ed to State entities under section 4303.’’; 
(2) in section 4306 (20 U.S.C. 7221e), as redesig-
nated by section 4001, by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) N
EW OR SIGNIFICANTLY EXPANDING CHAR-
TER SCHOOLS .—For purposes of implementing 
the hold harmless protections in sections 1122(c) and 1125A(g)(3) for a newly opened or signifi-cantly expanded charter school under this part, a State educational agency shall calculate a hold-harmless base for the prior year that, as applicable, reflects the new or significantly ex-panded enrollment of the charter school.’’; 
(3) in section 4308 (20 U.S.C. 7221g), as redes-
ignated by section 4001, by inserting ‘‘as quickly as possible and’’ before ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable’’; 
(4) in section 4310 (20 U.S.C. 7221i), as redesig-
nated by section 4001— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘part’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as paragraphs (2), (5), and (6), respectively; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (1), and moving such paragraph so as to precede paragraph (2), as redesignated by sub-paragraph (B); 
(D) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (B)— 
(i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘, and 
part B’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’), and part B’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (H) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(H) is a school to which parents choose to 
send their children, and that— 
‘‘(i) admits students on the basis of a lottery, 
consistent with section 4303(c)(3)(A), if more stu-dents apply for admission than can be accommo-dated; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school that has an affili-
ated charter school (such as a school that is part of the same network of schools), automati-cally enrolls students who are enrolled in the immediate prior grade level of the affiliated charter school and, for any additional student openings or student openings created through regular attrition in student enrollment in the af-filiated charter school and the enrolling school, admits students on the basis of a lottery as de-scribed in clause (i);’’; 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (I) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(I) agrees to comply with the same Federal 
and State audit requirements as do other ele-mentary schools and secondary schools in the State, unless such State audit requirements are waived by the State;’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(v) in subparagraph (L), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) may serve students in early childhood 
education programs or postsecondary stu-dents.’’; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (2), as redes-
ignated by subparagraph (B), the following: 
‘‘(3) C
HARTER MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a nonprofit organization that operates or manages a network of charter schools linked by centralized support, operations, and oversight. 
‘‘(4) C
HARTER SCHOOL SUPPORT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘charter school support organi-
zation’ means a nonprofit, nongovernmental en-tity that is not an authorized public chartering agency and provides, on a statewide basis— 
‘‘(A) assistance to developers during the plan-
ning, program design, and initial implementa-tion of a charter school; and 
‘‘(B) technical assistance to operating charter 
schools.’’; (F) in paragraph (6)(B), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘under section 5203(d)(3)’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) E
XPAND .—The term ‘expand’, when used 
with respect to a high-quality charter school, means to significantly increase enrollment or add one or more grades to the high-quality charter school. 
‘‘(8) H
IGH-QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘high-quality charter school’ means a char-ter school that— 
‘‘(A) shows evidence of strong academic re-
sults, which may include strong student aca-demic growth, as determined by a State; 
‘‘(B) has no significant issues in the areas of 
student safety, financial and operational man-agement, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
‘‘(C) has demonstrated success in significantly 
increasing student academic achievement, in-cluding graduation rates where applicable, for all students served by the charter school; and 
‘‘(D) has demonstrated success in increasing 
student academic achievement, including grad-uation rates where applicable, for each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2), except that such demonstration is not required in a case in which the number of stu-dents in a group is insufficient to yield statis-tically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(9) R
EPLICATE .—The term ‘replicate’, when 
used with respect to a high-quality charter school, means to open a new charter school, or a new campus of a high-quality charter school, based on the educational model of an existing high-quality charter school, under an existing charter or an additional charter, if permitted or required by State law.’’; and 
(5) by striking section 4311 (20 U.S.C. 7221j), as 
redesignated by section 4001, and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4311. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part— 
‘‘(1) $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(4) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’. 
PART D—MAGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 4401. MAGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE. 
Part D of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as 
amended by section 4001(b)(3), is further amend-ed— 
(1) in section 4401— (A) in subsection (a)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘2,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘2,500,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘65’’ and inserting ‘‘69’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘and implementation’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, implementation, and expansion’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘content standards and stu-
dent academic achievement standards’’ and in-serting ‘‘standards’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and design’’ 
and inserting ‘‘, design, and expansion’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘voca-
tional’’ and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(iv) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘produc-
tive’’; 
(2) in section 4405(b)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘any 
available evidence on, or if such evidence is not available, a rationale, based on current re-search, for’’ before ‘‘how the proposed magnet school programs’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding any evidence, or if such evidence is not available, a rationale based on current research findings, to support such description’’ before the semicolon; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and 
(E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respectively; and (iv) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) how the applicant will assess, monitor, 
and evaluate the impact of the activities funded under this part on student achievement and in-tegration;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 
5301(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4401(b)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘effective’’; 
(3) in section 4406, by striking paragraphs (2) 
and (3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) propose to— ‘‘(A) carry out a new, evidence-based magnet 
school program; 
‘‘(B) significantly revise an existing magnet 
school program, using evidence-based methods and practices, as available; or 
‘‘(C) replicate an existing magnet school pro-
gram that has a demonstrated record of success in increasing student academic achievement and reducing isolation of minority groups; 
‘‘(3) propose to select students to attend mag-
net school programs by methods such as lottery, rather than through academic examination; and 
‘‘(4) propose to increase racial integration by 
taking into account socioeconomic diversity in designing and implementing magnet school pro-grams.’’; 
(4) in section 4407— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘highly quali-
fied’’ and inserting ‘‘effective’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(iii) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) to enable the local educational agency, or 
consortium of such agencies, or other organiza-tions partnered with such agency or consortium, to establish, expand, or strengthen inter-district and regional magnet programs; and 
‘‘(9) notwithstanding section 426 of the Gen-
eral Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1228), to provide transportation to and from the mag-net school, provided that— 
‘‘(A) such transportation is sustainable be-
yond the grant period; and 
‘‘(B) the costs of providing transportation do 
not represent a significant portion of the grant funds received by the eligible local educational agency under this part .’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—Grant funds under this 
part may be used for activities described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (a) only if the activities are directly related to improving student academic achievement based on the challenging State academic standards or di-rectly related to improving student reading skills or knowledge of mathematics, science, history, geography, English, foreign languages, art, or music, or to improving career, technical, and professional skills.’’; 
(5) in section 4408— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘3’’ and in-
serting ‘‘5’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) A
MOUNT .—No grant awarded under this 
part to a local educational agency, or a consor-tium of such agencies, shall be for more than $15,000,000 for the grant period described in sub-section (a).’’; and 
(C) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘July’’ and 
inserting ‘‘June’’; 
(6) in section 4409— (A) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION .—There are authorized 
to be appropriated to carry out this part the fol-lowing amounts: 
‘‘(1) $94,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(2) $96,820,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(3) $102,387,150 for fiscal year 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8499 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(4) $108,530,379 for fiscal year 2020.’’. 
(B) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(C) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R ESERVATION FOR TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE.—The Secretary may reserve not more 
than 1 percent of the funds appropriated under subsection (a) for any fiscal year to provide technical assistance and share best practices with respect to magnet school programs assisted under this part.’’. 
PART E—FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN 
EDUCATION PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4501. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION 
PROGRAMS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by section 4001, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART E—FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN 
EDUCATION PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 4501. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are the following: 
‘‘(1) To provide financial support to organiza-
tions to provide technical assistance and train-ing to State educational agencies and local edu-cational agencies in the implementation and en-hancement of systemic and effective family en-gagement policies, programs, and activities that lead to improvements in student development and academic achievement. 
‘‘(2) To assist State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, community-based or-ganizations, schools, and educators in strength-ening partnerships among parents, teachers, school leaders, administrators, and other school personnel in meeting the educational needs of children and fostering greater parental engage-ment. 
‘‘(3) To support State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents in developing and strengthening the relationship between parents and their chil-dren’s school in order to further the develop-mental progress of children. 
‘‘(4) To coordinate activities funded under 
this part with parent involvement initiatives funded under section 1116 and other provisions of this Act. 
‘‘(5) To assist the Secretary, State educational 
agencies, and local educational agencies in the coordination and integration of Federal, State, and local services and programs to engage fami-lies in education. 
‘‘SEC. 4502. GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) S TATEWIDE FAMILY ENGAGEMENT CEN-
TERS.—From the amount appropriated under 
section 4506 and not reserved under subsection (d), the Secretary is authorized to award grants for each fiscal year to statewide organizations (or consortia of such organizations), to establish statewide family engagement centers that— 
‘‘(1) carry out parent education, and family 
engagement in education, programs; or 
‘‘(2) provide comprehensive training and tech-
nical assistance to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools identified by State educational agencies and local edu-cational agencies, organizations that support family-school partnerships, and other organiza-tions that carry out such programs. 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AWARD .—In awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that a grant is award-ed for a statewide family engagement center in an amount not less than $500,000. 
‘‘(c) M
ATCHING FUNDS FOR GRANT RENEWAL .— 
Each organization or consortium receiving as-sistance under this part shall demonstrate that, for each fiscal year after the first fiscal year for which the organization or consortium is receiv-ing such assistance, a portion of the services provided by the organization or consortium is supported through non-Federal contributions, which may be in cash or in-kind. 
‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
shall reserve not more than 2 percent of the funds appropriated under section 4506 to carry 
out this part to provide technical assistance, by competitive grant or contract, for the establish-ment, development, and coordination of state-wide family engagement centers. 
‘‘SEC. 4503. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSIONS .—Each statewide organiza-
tion, or a consortium of such organizations, that desires a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, which shall include the information described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the applicant’s approach 
to family engagement in education. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency and any partner organization will support the statewide family engagement center that will be operated by the applicant in-cluding a description of the State educational agency and any partner organization’s commit-ment of such support. 
‘‘(3) A description of the applicant’s plan for 
building a statewide infrastructure for family engagement in education, that includes— 
‘‘(A) management and governance; ‘‘(B) statewide leadership; or ‘‘(C) systemic services for family engagement 
in education. 
‘‘(4) A description of the applicant’s dem-
onstrated experience in providing training, in-formation, and support to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, educators, parents, and organizations on family engagement in education policies and practices that are effective for parents (including low-in-come parents) and families, parents of English learners, minorities, students with disabilities, homeless children and youth, children and youth in foster care, and migrant students, in-cluding evaluation results, reporting, or other data exhibiting such demonstrated experience. 
‘‘(5) A description of the steps the applicant 
will take to target services to low-income stu-dents and parents. 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the applicant will— ‘‘(A) establish a special advisory committee, 
the membership of which includes— 
‘‘(i) parents, who shall constitute a majority 
of the members of the special advisory com-mittee; 
‘‘(ii) representatives of education professionals 
with expertise in improving services for dis-advantaged children; 
‘‘(iii) representatives of local elementary 
schools and secondary schools, including stu-dents; 
‘‘(iv) representatives of the business commu-
nity; and 
‘‘(v) representatives of State educational 
agencies and local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) use not less than 65 percent of the funds 
received under this part in each fiscal year to serve local educational agencies, schools, and community-based organizations that serve high concentrations of disadvantaged students, in-cluding students who are English learners, mi-norities, students with disabilities, homeless children and youth, children and youth in fos-ter care, and migrant students; 
‘‘(C) operate a statewide family engagement 
center of sufficient size, scope, and quality to ensure that the center is adequate to serve the State educational agency, local educational agencies, and community-based organizations; 
‘‘(D) ensure that the statewide family engage-
ment center will retain staff with the requisite training and experience to serve parents in the State; 
‘‘(E) serve urban, suburban, and rural local 
educational agencies and schools; 
‘‘(F) work with— ‘‘(i) other statewide family engagement cen-
ters assisted under this part; and ‘‘(ii) parent training and information centers 
and community parent resource centers assisted under sections 671 and 672 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1471; 1472); 
‘‘(G) use not less than 30 percent of the funds 
received under this part for each fiscal year to establish or expand technical assistance for evi-dence-based parent education programs; 
‘‘(H) provide assistance to State educational 
agencies, local educational agencies, and com-munity-based organizations that support family members in supporting student academic achievement; 
‘‘(I) work with State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents to determine parental needs and the best means for delivery of services to address such needs; 
‘‘(J) conduct sufficient outreach to assist par-
ents, including parents who the applicant may have a difficult time engaging with a school or local educational agency; and 
‘‘(K) conduct outreach to low-income students 
and parents, including low-income students and parents who are not proficient in English. 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the applicant will con-
duct training programs in the community to im-prove adult literacy, including financial lit-eracy. 
‘‘(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants for activi-
ties described in this part, the Secretary shall give priority to statewide family engagement centers that will use funds under section 4504 for evidence-based activities, which, for the pur-poses of this part is defined as activities meeting the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘SEC. 4504. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each statewide organiza-
tion or consortium receiving a grant under this part shall use the grant funds, based on the needs determined under section 4503(b)(6)(I), to provide training and technical assistance to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and organizations that support fam-ily-school partnerships, and activities, services, and training for local educational agencies, school leaders, educators, and parents— 
‘‘(1) to assist parents in participating effec-
tively in their children’s education and to help their children meet challenging State academic standards, such as by assisting parents— 
‘‘(A) to engage in activities that will improve 
student academic achievement, including under-standing how parents can support learning in the classroom with activities at home and in after school and extracurricular programs; 
‘‘(B) to communicate effectively with their 
children, teachers, school leaders, counselors, administrators, and other school personnel; 
‘‘(C) to become active participants in the de-
velopment, implementation, and review of school-parent compacts, family engagement in education policies, and school planning and im-provement; 
‘‘(D) to participate in the design and provi-
sion of assistance to students who are not mak-ing academic progress; 
‘‘(E) to participate in State and local decision-
making; 
‘‘(F) to train other parents; and ‘‘(G) in learning and using technology applied 
in their children’s education; 
‘‘(2) to develop and implement, in partnership 
with the State educational agency, statewide family engagement in education policy and sys-temic initiatives that will provide for a con-tinuum of services to remove barriers for family engagement in education and support school re-form efforts; and 
‘‘(3) to develop and implement parental in-
volvement policies under this Act. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to prohibit a state-wide family engagement center from— 
‘‘(1) having its employees or agents meet with 
a parent at a site that is not on school grounds; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8500 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(2) working with another agency that serves 
children. 
‘‘(c) P ARENTAL RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section— 
‘‘(1) no person (including a parent who edu-
cates a child at home, a public school parent, or a private school parent) shall be required to par-ticipate in any program of parent education or developmental screening under this section; and 
‘‘(2) no program or center assisted under this 
section shall take any action that infringes in any manner on the right of parents to direct the education of their children. 
‘‘SEC. 4505. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN INDIAN 
SCHOOLS. 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior, in consultation 
with the Secretary of Education, shall establish, or enter into contracts and cooperative agree-ments with, local tribes, tribal organizations, or Indian nonprofit parent organizations to estab-lish and operate family engagement centers. 
‘‘SEC. 4506. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’.’’. 
PART F—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 4601. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by the previous provisions of this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART F—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES 
‘‘SEC. 4601. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS; RESERVATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part— 
‘‘(1) $200,741,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 
and 2018; and 
‘‘(2) $220,741,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 
and 2020. 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATIONS .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve $5,000,000 to carry out activities 
authorized under subpart 3; and 
‘‘(2) from the amounts remaining after the res-
ervation under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) carry out activities authorized under 
subpart 1 using— 
‘‘(i) 36 percent of such remainder for each of 
fiscal years 2017 and 2018; and 
‘‘(ii) 42 percent of such remainder for each of 
fiscal years 2019 and 2020; 
‘‘(B) carry out activities authorized under 
subpart 2 using— 
‘‘(i) 36 percent of such remainder for each of 
fiscal years 2017 and 2018; and 
‘‘(ii) 32 percent of such remainder for each of 
fiscal years 2019 and 2020; and 
‘‘(C) to carry out activities authorized under 
subpart 4— 
‘‘(i) 28 percent of such remainder for each of 
fiscal years 2017 and 2018; and 
‘‘(ii) 26 percent of such remainder for each of 
fiscal years 2019 and 2020. 
‘‘Subpart 1—Education Innovation and 
Research 
‘‘SEC. 4611. GRANTS FOR EDUCATION INNOVA-
TION AND RESEARCH. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds reserved under 
section 4601(b)(2)(A), the Secretary shall make grants to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to— 
‘‘(A) create, develop, implement, replicate, or 
take to scale entrepreneurial, evidence-based, field-initiated innovations to improve student achievement and attainment for high-need stu-dents; and 
‘‘(B) rigorously evaluate such innovations, in 
accordance with subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) D
ESCRIPTION OF GRANTS .—The grants de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) early-phase grants to fund the develop-
ment, implementation, and feasibility testing of a program, which prior research suggests has 
promise, for the purpose of determining whether the program can successfully improve student achievement or attainment for high-need stu-dents; 
‘‘(B) mid-phase grants to fund implementation 
and a rigorous evaluation of a program that has been successfully implemented under an early- phase grant described in subparagraph (A) or other effort meeting similar criteria, for the pur-pose of measuring the program’s impact and cost effectiveness, if possible using existing adminis-trative data; and 
‘‘(C) expansion grants to fund implementation 
and a rigorous replication evaluation of a pro-gram that has been found to produce sizable, important impacts under a mid-phase grant de-scribed in subparagraph (B) or other effort meeting similar criteria, for the purposes of— 
‘‘(i) determining whether such impacts can be 
successfully reproduced and sustained over time; and 
‘‘(ii) identifying the conditions in which the 
program is most effective. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this subpart, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the following: 
‘‘(1) A local educational agency. ‘‘(2) A State educational agency. ‘‘(3) The Bureau of Indian Education. ‘‘(4) A consortium of State educational agen-
cies or local educational agencies. 
‘‘(5) A nonprofit organization. ‘‘(6) A State educational agency, a local edu-
cational agency, a consortium described in paragraph (4), or the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, in partnership with— 
‘‘(A) a nonprofit organization; ‘‘(B) a business; ‘‘(C) an educational service agency; or ‘‘(D) an institution of higher education. ‘‘(c) R
URAL AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In awarding grants under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that not less than 25 percent of the funds made available for any fiscal year are awarded for programs that meet both of the following re-quirements: 
‘‘(A) The grantee is— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency with an 
urban-centric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(ii) a consortium of such local educational 
agencies; 
‘‘(iii) an educational service agency or a non-
profit organization in partnership with such a local educational agency; or 
‘‘(iv) a grantee described in clause (i) or (ii) in 
partnership with a State educational agency. 
‘‘(B) A majority of the schools to be served by 
the program are designated with a locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or a combination of such codes, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(1), the Secretary shall reduce the amount of funds made available under such paragraph if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient num-ber of applications of sufficient quality. 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING FUNDS.—In order to receive a 
grant under subsection (a), an eligible entity shall demonstrate that the eligible entity will provide matching funds, in cash or through in- kind contributions, from Federal, State, local, or private sources in an amount equal to 10 percent of the funds provided under such grant, except that the Secretary may waive the matching funds requirement, on a case-by-case basis, upon a showing of exceptional circumstances, such as— 
‘‘(1) the difficulty of raising matching funds 
for a program to serve a rural area; 
‘‘(2) the difficulty of raising matching funds 
in areas with a concentration of local edu-cational agencies or schools with a high per-centage of students aged 5 through 17— 
‘‘(A) who are in poverty, as counted in the 
most recent census data approved by the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(B) who are eligible for a free or reduced 
price lunch under the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); ‘‘(C) whose families receive assistance under 
the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
‘‘(D) who are eligible to receive medical assist-
ance under the Medicaid program; and 
‘‘(3) the difficulty of raising funds on tribal 
land. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—Each recipient of a grant 
under this section shall conduct an independent evaluation of the effectiveness of the program carried out under such grant. 
‘‘(f) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
may reserve not more than 5 percent of the funds appropriated under section 4601(b)(2)(A) for each fiscal year to— 
‘‘(1) provide technical assistance for eligibility 
entities, which may include pre-application workshops, web-based seminars, and evaluation support; and 
‘‘(2) to disseminate best practices. 
‘‘Subpart 2—Community Support for School 
Success 
‘‘SEC. 4621. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subpart are to— 
‘‘(1) significantly improve the academic and 
developmental outcomes of children living in the most distressed communities of the United States, including ensuring school readiness, high school graduation, and access to a commu-nity-based continuum of high-quality services; and 
‘‘(2) provide support for the planning, imple-
mentation, and operation of full-service commu-nity schools that improve the coordination and integration, accessibility, and effectiveness of services for children and families, particularly for children attending high-poverty schools, in-cluding high-poverty rural schools. 
‘‘SEC. 4622. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) With respect to a grant for activities de-
scribed in section 4623(a)(1)(A)— 
‘‘(i) an institution of higher education, as de-
fined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); 
‘‘(ii) an Indian tribe or tribal organization, as 
defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b); or 
‘‘(iii) one or more nonprofit entities working 
in formal partnership with not less than 1 of the following entities: 
‘‘(I) A high-need local educational agency. ‘‘(II) An institution of higher education, as 
defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). 
‘‘(III) The office of a chief elected official of 
a unit of local government. 
‘‘(IV) An Indian tribe or tribal organization, 
as defined under section 4 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
‘‘(B) With respect to a grant for activities de-
scribed in section 4623(a)(1)(B), a consortium of— 
‘‘(i)(I) 1 or more local educational agencies; or ‘‘(II) the Bureau of Indian Education; and ‘‘(ii) 1 or more community-based organiza-
tions, nonprofit organizations, or other public or private entities. 
‘‘(2) F
ULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘full-service community school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that— 
‘‘(A) participates in a community-based effort 
to coordinate and integrate educational, devel-opmental, family, health, and other comprehen-sive services through community-based organi-zations and public and private partnerships; and 
‘‘(B) provides access to such services in school 
to students, families, and the community, such as access during the school year (including before- and after-school hours and weekends), as well as during the summer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8501 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(3) P IPELINE SERVICES .—The term ‘pipeline 
services’ means a continuum of coordinated sup-ports, services, and opportunities for children from birth through entry into and success in postsecondary education, and career attain-ment. Such services shall include, at a min-imum, strategies to address through services or programs (including integrated student sup-ports) the following: 
‘‘(A) High-quality early childhood education 
programs. 
‘‘(B) High-quality school and out-of-school- 
time programs and strategies. 
‘‘(C) Support for a child’s transition to ele-
mentary school, from elementary school to mid-dle school, from middle school to high school, and from high school into and through postsec-ondary education and into the workforce, in-cluding any comprehensive readiness assessment determined necessary. 
‘‘(D) Family and community engagement and 
supports, which may include engaging or sup-porting families at school or at home. 
‘‘(E) Activities that support postsecondary 
and workforce readiness, which may include job training, internship opportunities, and career counseling. 
‘‘(F) Community-based support for students 
who have attended the schools in the area served by the pipeline, or students who are mem-bers of the community, facilitating their contin-ued connection to the community and success in postsecondary education and the workforce. 
‘‘(G) Social, health, nutrition, and mental 
health services and supports. 
‘‘(H) Juvenile crime prevention and rehabilita-
tion programs. 
‘‘SEC. 4623. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use not 
less than 95 percent of the amounts made avail-able under section 4601(b)(2)(B) to award grants, on a competitive basis and subject to subsection (e), to eligible entities for the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(A) P
ROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS .—The imple-
mentation of a comprehensive, effective con-tinuum of coordinated services that meets the purpose described in section 4621(1) by carrying out activities in neighborhoods with— 
‘‘(i) high concentrations of low-income indi-
viduals; 
‘‘(ii) multiple signs of distress, which may in-
clude high rates of poverty, childhood obesity, academic failure, and juvenile delinquency, ad-judication, or incarceration; and 
‘‘(iii) schools implementing comprehensive 
support and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities under sec-tion 1111(d). 
‘‘(B) F
ULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY SCHOOLS .— 
The provision of assistance to public elementary schools or secondary schools to function as full- service community schools. 
‘‘(2) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—Each grant 
awarded under this subpart shall be of suffi-cient size and scope to allow the eligible entity to carry out the applicable purposes of this sub-part. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION .—A grant awarded under this 
subpart shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, and may be extended for an additional period of not more than 2 years. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTINUED FUNDING .—Continued fund-
ing of a grant under this subpart, including a grant extended under subsection (b), after the third year of the initial grant period shall be contingent on the eligible entity’s progress to-ward meeting— 
‘‘(1) with respect to a grant for activities de-
scribed in section 4624, the performance metrics described in section 4624(h); and 
‘‘(2) with respect to a grant for activities de-
scribed in section 4625, annual performance ob-jectives and outcomes under section 4625(a)(4)(C). 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) P ROMISE NEIGHBORHOOD ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) M ATCHING FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
receiving a grant under this subpart for activi-ties described in section 4624 shall contribute matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 100 percent of the amount of the grant. Such matching funds shall come from Federal, State, local, and private sources. 
‘‘(B) P
RIVATE SOURCES .—The Secretary shall 
require that a portion of the matching funds come from private sources, which may include in-kind contributions. 
‘‘(C) A
DJUSTMENT .—The Secretary may adjust 
the matching funds requirement under this paragraph for applicants that demonstrate high need, including applicants from rural areas and applicants that wish to provide services on trib-al lands. 
‘‘(D) F
INANCIAL HARDSHIP WAIVER .—The Sec-
retary may waive or reduce, on a case-by-case basis, the matching requirement under this paragraph, including the requirement for funds from private sources, for a period of 1 year at a time, if the eligible entity demonstrates signifi-cant financial hardship. 
‘‘(2) F
ULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY SCHOOLS AC -
TIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity receiv-
ing a grant under this subpart for activities de-scribed in section 4625 shall provide matching funds from non-Federal sources, which may be provided in part with in-kind contributions. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The Bureau of Indian 
Education may meet the requirement of sub-paragraph (A) using funds from other Federal sources. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not re-
quire any eligible entity receiving a grant under this subpart to provide matching funds in an amount that exceeds the amount of the grant award. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—Notwithstanding this 
subsection, the Secretary shall not consider the ability of an eligible entity to match funds when determining which applicants will receive grants under this subpart. 
‘‘(e) R
ESERVATION FOR RURAL AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts allo-
cated under subsection (a) for grants to eligible entities, the Secretary shall use not less than 15 percent of such amounts to award grants to eli-gible entities that propose to carry out the ac-tivities described in such subsection in rural areas. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall reduce 
the amount described in paragraph (1) if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient number of applications of sufficient quality. 
‘‘(f) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF GRANTS .—For each 
fiscal year, the Secretary shall award under this subpart not fewer than 3 grants for activities de-scribed in section 4624 and not fewer than 10 grants for activities described in section 4625, subject to the availability of appropriations, the requirements of subsection (a)(2), and the num-ber and quality of applications. 
‘‘SEC. 4624. PROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—An eligible 
entity desiring a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, including, at a minimum, all of the following: 
‘‘(1) A plan to significantly improve the aca-
demic outcomes of children living in a neighbor-hood that is served by the eligible entity— 
‘‘(A) by providing pipeline services that ad-
dress the needs of children in the neighborhood, as identified by the needs analysis described in paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(B) that is supported by effective practices. ‘‘(2) A description of the neighborhood that 
the eligible entity will serve. 
‘‘(3) Measurable annual objectives and out-
comes for the grant, in accordance with the metrics described in subsection (h), for each year of the grant. ‘‘(4) An analysis of the needs and assets of the 
neighborhood identified in paragraph (1), in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) the size and scope of the population af-
fected; 
‘‘(B) a description of the process through 
which the needs analysis was produced, includ-ing a description of how parents, families, and community members were engaged in such anal-ysis; 
‘‘(C) an analysis of community assets and col-
laborative efforts (including programs already provided from Federal and non-Federal sources) within, or accessible to, the neighborhood, in-cluding, at a minimum, early learning opportu-nities, family and student supports, local busi-nesses, local educational agencies, and institu-tions of higher education; 
‘‘(D) the steps that the eligible entity is tak-
ing, at the time of the application, to address the needs identified in the needs analysis; and 
‘‘(E) any barriers the eligible entity, public 
agencies, and other community-based organiza-tions have faced in meeting such needs. 
‘‘(5) A description of— ‘‘(A) all information that the entity used to 
identify the pipeline services to be provided, which shall not include information that is more than 3 years old; and 
‘‘(B) how the eligible entity will— ‘‘(i) collect data on children served by each 
pipeline service; and 
‘‘(ii) increase the percentage of children 
served over time. 
‘‘(6) A description of the process used to de-
velop the application, including the involvement of family and community members. 
‘‘(7) A description of how the pipeline services 
will facilitate the coordination of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Providing early learning opportunities 
for children, including by— 
‘‘(i) providing opportunities for families to ac-
quire the skills to promote early learning and child development; and 
‘‘(ii) ensuring appropriate diagnostic assess-
ments and referrals for children with disabilities and children aged 3 through 9 experiencing de-velopmental delays, consistent with the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), where applicable. 
‘‘(B) Supporting, enhancing, operating, or ex-
panding rigorous, comprehensive, effective edu-cational improvements, which may include high- quality academic programs, expanded learning time, and programs and activities to prepare students for postsecondary education admis-sions and success. 
‘‘(C) Supporting partnerships between schools 
and other community resources with an inte-grated focus on academics and other social, health, and familial supports. 
‘‘(D) Providing social, health, nutrition, and 
mental health services and supports, for chil-dren, family members, and community members, which may include services provided within the school building. 
‘‘(E) Supporting evidence-based programs that 
assist students through school transitions, which may include expanding access to postsec-ondary education courses and postsecondary education enrollment aid or guidance, and other supports for at-risk youth. 
‘‘(8) A description of the strategies that will be 
used to provide pipeline services (including a de-scription of which programs and services will be provided to children, family members, commu-nity members, and children within the neighbor-hood) to support the purpose described in sec-tion 4621(1). 
‘‘(9) An explanation of the process the eligible 
entity will use to establish and maintain family and community engagement, including— 
‘‘(A) involving representative participation by 
the members of such neighborhood in the plan-ning and implementation of the activities of each grant awarded under this subpart for ac-tivities described in this section; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8502 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(B) the provision of strategies and practices 
to assist family and community members in ac-tively supporting student achievement and child development; 
‘‘(C) providing services for students, families, 
and communities within the school building; and 
‘‘(D) collaboration with institutions of higher 
education, workforce development centers, and employers to align expectations and program-ming with postsecondary education and work-force readiness, 
‘‘(10) An explanation of how the eligible enti-
ty will continuously evaluate and improve the continuum of high-quality pipeline services to provide for continuous program improvement and potential expansion. 
‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants for ac-
tivities described in this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that will use funds under subsection (d) for evidence- based activities, which, for purposes of this sub-section, is defined as activities meeting the re-quirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘(c) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—As 
eligible entity shall, as part of the application described in subsection (a), submit a preliminary memorandum of understanding, signed by each partner entity or agency described in section 4622(1)(A)(3) (if applicable) and detailing each partner’s financial, programmatic, and long- term commitment with respect to the strategies described in the application. 
‘‘(d) U
SES OF FUNDS.—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under this subpart to carry out a program of activities described in this sec-tion shall use the grant funds to— 
‘‘(1) support planning activities to develop 
and implement pipeline services; 
‘‘(2) implement the pipeline services; and ‘‘(3) continuously evaluate the success of the 
program and improve the program based on data and outcomes. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULES.— 
‘‘(1) F UNDS FOR PIPELINE SERVICES .—Each eli-
gible entity that receives a grant under this sub-part for activities described in this section shall, for the first year of the grant, use not less than 50 percent of the grant funds, and, for the sec-ond year of the grant, use not less than 25 per-cent of the grant funds, to carry out the activi-ties described in subsection (d)(1). 
‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Each eligible 
entity that operates a school in a neighborhood served by a grant program under this subpart for activities described in this section shall pro-vide such school with the operational flexibility, including autonomy over staff, time, and budg-et, needed to effectively carry out the activities described in the application under subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR EARLY  
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Funds pro-
vided under this subpart for activities described in this section that are used to improve early childhood education programs shall not be used to carry out any of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Assessments that provide rewards or 
sanctions for individual children or teachers. 
‘‘(B) A single assessment that is used as the 
primary or sole method for assessing program ef-fectiveness. 
‘‘(C) Evaluating children, other than for the 
purposes of improving instruction, classroom en-vironment, professional development, or parent and family engagement, or program improve-ment. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Each eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section shall prepare and sub-mit an annual report to the Secretary, which shall include— 
‘‘(1) information about the number and per-
centage of children in the neighborhood who are served by the grant program, including a de-scription of the number and percentage of chil-dren accessing each support or service offered as part of the pipeline services; and ‘‘(2) information relating to the performance 
metrics described in subsection (h). 
‘‘(g) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE DATA.—Each eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this sub-part for activities described in this section shall make publicly available, including through elec-tronic means, the information described in sub-section (f). To the extent practicable, such infor-mation shall be provided in a form and lan-guage accessible to parents and families in the neighborhood served under the grant, and such information shall be a part of statewide longitu-dinal data systems. 
‘‘(h) P
ERFORMANCE INDICATORS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish performance indicators under paragraph (2) and corresponding metrics to be used for the purpose of reporting under paragraph (3) and program evaluation under subsection (i). 
‘‘(2) I
NDICATORS .—The performance indicators 
established by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be indicators of improved academic and developmental outcomes for children, including indicators of school readiness, high school grad-uation, postsecondary education and career readiness, and other academic and develop-mental outcomes, to promote— 
‘‘(A) data-driven decision-making by eligible 
entities receiving funds under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) access to a community-based continuum 
of high-quality services for children living in the most distressed communities of the United States, beginning at birth. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORTING .—Each eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section shall annually collect and report to the Secretary data on the perform-ance indicators described in paragraph (2) for use by the Secretary in making a determination concerning continuation funding and grant ex-tension under section 4623(b) for each eligible entity. 
‘‘(i) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall reserve 
not more than 5 percent of the funds made available under section 4601(b)(2)(A) to provide technical assistance and evaluate the implemen-tation and impact of the activities funded under this section, in accordance with section 8601. 
‘‘SEC. 4625. FULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION .—An eligible entity that de-
sires a grant under this subpart for activities de-scribed in this section shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The Sec-retary shall require that each such application include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the eligible entity. ‘‘(2) A memorandum of understanding among 
all partner entities in the eligible entity that will assist the eligible entity to coordinate and pro-vide pipeline services and that describes the roles the partner entities will assume. 
‘‘(3) A description of the capacity of the eligi-
ble entity to coordinate and provide pipeline services at 2 or more full-service community schools. 
‘‘(4) A comprehensive plan that includes de-
scriptions of the following: 
‘‘(A) The student, family, and school commu-
nity to be served, including demographic infor-mation. 
‘‘(B) A needs assessment that identifies the 
academic, physical, nonacademic, health, men-tal health, and other needs of students, families, and community residents. 
‘‘(C) Annual measurable performance objec-
tives and outcomes, including an increase in the number and percentage of families and students targeted for services each year of the program, in order to ensure that children are— 
‘‘(i) prepared for kindergarten; ‘‘(ii) achieving academically; and ‘‘(iii) safe, healthy, and supported by engaged 
parents. 
‘‘(D) Pipeline services, including existing and 
additional pipeline services, to be coordinated and provided by the eligible entity and its part-ner entities, including an explanation of— ‘‘(i) why such services have been selected; 
‘‘(ii) how such services will improve student 
academic achievement; and 
‘‘(iii) how such services will address the an-
nual measurable performance objectives and outcomes established under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) Plans to ensure that each full-service 
community school site has a full-time coordi-nator of pipeline services at such school, includ-ing a description of the applicable funding sources, plans for professional development for the personnel managing, coordinating, or deliv-ering pipeline services, and plans for joint utili-zation and management of school facilities. 
‘‘(F) Plans for annual evaluation based upon 
attainment of the performance objectives and outcomes described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(G) Plans for sustaining the programs and 
services described in this subsection after the grant period. 
‘‘(5) An assurance that the eligible entity and 
its partner entities will focus services on schools eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1114(b). 
‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subpart for activities described in this sec-tion, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
‘‘(1)(A) will serve a minimum of 2 or more full- 
service community schools eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1114(b), as part of a community- or district-wide strategy; or 
‘‘(B) include a local educational agency that 
satisfies the requirements of— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 
5211(b)(1); or 
‘‘(ii) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
5221(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) are consortiums comprised of a broad rep-
resentation of stakeholders or consortiums dem-onstrating a history of effectiveness; and 
‘‘(3) will use funds for evidence-based activi-
ties described in subsection (e), defined for pur-poses of this paragraph as activities meeting the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘(c) P
LANNING .—The Secretary may authorize 
an eligible entity receiving a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section to use not more than 10 percent of the total amount of grant funds for planning purposes during the first year of the grant. 
‘‘(d) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary may 
not award a grant under this subpart for activi-ties described in this section to an eligible entity in an amount that is less than $75,000 for each year of the grant period, subject to the avail-ability of appropriations. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Grants awarded under 
this subpart for activities described in this sec-tion shall be used to— 
‘‘(1) coordinate not less than 3 existing pipe-
line services, as of the date of the grant award, and provide not less than 2 additional pipeline services, at 2 or more public elementary schools or secondary schools; 
‘‘(2) to the extent practicable, integrate mul-
tiple pipeline services into a comprehensive, co-ordinated continuum to achieve the annual measurable performance objectives and outcomes under subsection (a)(4)(C) to meet the holistic needs of children; and 
‘‘(3) if applicable, coordinate and integrate 
services provided by community-based organiza-tions and government agencies with services provided by specialized instructional support personnel. 
‘‘(f) E
VALUATIONS BY THE INSTITUTE OF EDU-
CATION SCIENCES .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall conduct evaluations of the effectiveness of grants under this subpart for ac-tivities described in this section in achieving the purpose described in section 4621(2). 
‘‘(g) E
VALUATIONS BY GRANTEES .—The Sec-
retary shall require each eligible entity receiving a grant under this subpart for activities de-scribed in this section to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8503 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(1) conduct annual evaluations of the 
progress achieved with the grant toward the purpose described in section 4621(2); 
‘‘(2) use such evaluations to refine and im-
prove activities carried out through the grant and the annual measurable performance objec-tives and outcomes under subsection (a)(4)(C); and 
‘‘(3) make the results of such evaluations pub-
licly available, including by providing public notice of such availability. 
‘‘(h) C
ONSTRUCTION CLAUSE .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures af-forded school or local educational agency em-ployees under Federal, State, or local laws (in-cluding applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
‘‘(i) S
UPPLEMENT , N OTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available to an eligible entity through a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section may be used only to supplement, 
and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this sec-tion. 
‘‘Subpart 3—National Activities for School 
Safety 
‘‘SEC. 4631. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES FOR SCHOOL 
SAFETY. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
under section 4601(b)(1), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall use a portion of such funds for the 
Project School Emergency Response to Violence program (in this section referred to as ‘Project SERV’), in order to provide education-related services to eligible entities; and 
‘‘(B) may use a portion of such funds to carry 
out other activities to improve students’ safety and well-being, during and after the school day, under this section directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements with public or private entities or individuals, or other Fed-eral agencies, such as providing technical assist-ance to States and local educational agencies carrying out activities under this section or con-ducting a national evaluation. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts reserved under 
section 4601(b)(1) for Project SERV are author-ized to remain available until expended for Project SERV. 
‘‘(b) P
ROJECT SERV.— 
‘‘(1) A DDITIONAL USE OF FUNDS .—Funds made 
available under subsection (a) for extended serv-ices grants under Project SERV may be used by an eligible entity to initiate or strengthen vio-lence prevention activities as part of the activi-ties designed to restore the learning environment that was disrupted by the violent or traumatic crisis in response to which the grant was award-ed. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity desiring 
to use a portion of extended services grant funds under Project SERV to initiate or strengthen a violence prevention activity shall— 
‘‘(i) submit, in an application that meets all 
requirements of the Secretary for Project SERV, the information described in subparagraph (B); or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an eligible entity that has 
already received an extended services grant under Project SERV, submit an addition to the original application that includes the informa-tion described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—An appli-
cation, or addition to an application, for an ex-tended services grant pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
‘‘(i) A demonstration of the need for funds 
due to a continued disruption or a substantial risk of disruption to the learning environment. 
‘‘(ii) An explanation of the proposed activities 
that are designed to restore and preserve the learning environment. ‘‘(iii) A budget and budget narrative for the 
proposed activities. 
‘‘(3) A
WARD BASIS .—Any award of funds 
under Project SERV for violence prevention ac-tivities under this section shall be subject to the discretion of the Secretary and the availability of funds. 
‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITED USE .—No funds provided to 
an eligible entity for violence prevention activi-ties may be used for construction, renovation, or repair of a facility or for the permanent infra-structure of the eligible entity. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this 
section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a local educational agency, as defined in 
subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 8101(30), or institution of higher education in which the learning environment has been dis-rupted due to a violent or traumatic crisis; or 
‘‘(2) the Bureau of Indian Education in a case 
where the learning environment of a school op-erated or funded by the Bureau, including a school meeting the definition of a local edu-cational agency under section 8101(30)(C), has been disrupted due to a violent or traumatic cri-sis. 
‘‘Subpart 4—Academic Enrichment 
‘‘SEC. 4641. AWARDS FOR ACADEMIC ENRICH-
MENT. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From funds re-
served under section 4601(b)(2)(C), the Secretary shall award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities for the purposes of enriching the aca-demic experience of students by promoting— 
‘‘(1) arts education for disadvantaged stu-
dents and students who are children with dis-abilities, as described in section 4642; 
‘‘(2) school readiness through the development 
and dissemination of accessible instructional programming for preschool and elementary school children and their families, as described in section 4643; and 
‘‘(3) support for high-ability learners and 
high-ability learning, as described in section 4644. 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL AWARDS .—The Secretary shall 
annually make awards to fulfill each of the pur-poses described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 4642. ASSISTANCE FOR ARTS EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) A WARDS TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE FOR  
ARTSEDUCATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Awards made to eligible en-
tities to fulfill the purpose described in section 4641(a)(1), shall be used for a program (to be known as the ‘Assistance for Arts Education program’) to promote arts education for stu-dents, including disadvantaged students and students who are children with disabilities, through activities such as— 
‘‘(A) professional development for arts edu-
cators, teachers, and principals; 
‘‘(B) development and dissemination of acces-
sible instructional materials and arts-based edu-cational programming, including online re-sources, in multiple arts disciplines; and 
‘‘(C) community and national outreach activi-
ties that strengthen and expand partnerships among schools, local educational agencies, com-munities, or centers for the arts, including na-tional centers for the arts. 
‘‘(b) C
ONDITIONS .—As conditions of receiving 
assistance made available under this section, the Secretary shall require each eligible entity receiving such assistance— 
‘‘(1) to coordinate, to the extent practicable, 
each project or program carried out with such assistance with appropriate activities of public or private cultural agencies, institutions, and organizations, including museums, arts edu-cation associations, libraries, and theaters; and 
‘‘(2) to use such assistance only to supple-
ment, and not to supplant, any other assistance or funds made available from non-Federal sources for the activities assisted under this sub-part. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Secretary shall consult with Federal agencies or institutions, arts educators (includ-ing professional arts education associations), and organizations representing the arts (includ-ing State and local arts agencies involved in arts education). 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that are eligible national non-profit organizations. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency in which 20 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from families with an income below the poverty line; 
‘‘(B) a consortium of such local educational 
agencies; 
‘‘(C) a State educational agency; ‘‘(D) an institution of higher education; ‘‘(E) a museum or cultural institution; ‘‘(F) the Bureau of Indian Education; ‘‘(G) an eligible national nonprofit organiza-
tion; or 
‘‘(H) another private agency, institution, or 
organization. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE NATIONAL NONPROFIT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘eligible national nonprofit or-
ganization’ means an organization of national scope that— 
‘‘(A) is supported by staff, which may include 
volunteers, or affiliates at the State and local levels; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrates effectiveness or high-qual-
ity plans for addressing arts education activities for disadvantaged students or students who are children with disabilities. 
‘‘SEC. 4643. READY TO LEARN PROGRAMMING. 
‘‘(a) A WARDS TO PROMOTE SCHOOL READINESS  
THROUGH READY TO LEARN PROGRAMMING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Awards made to eligible en-
tities described in paragraph (3) to fulfill the purpose described in section 4641(a)(2) shall— 
‘‘(A) be known as ‘Ready to Learn Program-
ming awards’; and 
‘‘(B) be used to— ‘‘(i) develop, produce, and distribute acces-
sible educational and instructional video pro-gramming for preschool and elementary school children and their parents in order to facilitate student academic achievement; 
‘‘(ii) facilitate the development, directly or 
through contracts with producers of children’s and family educational television programming, of educational programming for preschool and elementary school children, and the accom-panying support materials and services that promote the effective use of such programming; 
‘‘(iii) facilitate the development of program-
ming and digital content containing Ready-to- Learn programming and resources for parents and caregivers that is specially designed for na-tionwide distribution over public television sta-tions’ digital broadcasting channels and the Internet; 
‘‘(iv) contract with entities (such as public 
telecommunications entities) so that program-ming developed under this section is dissemi-nated and distributed to the widest possible au-dience appropriate to be served by the program-ming, and through the use of the most appro-priate distribution technologies; and 
‘‘(v) develop and disseminate education and 
training materials, including interactive pro-grams and programs adaptable to distance learning technologies, that are designed— 
‘‘(I) to promote school readiness; and ‘‘(II) to promote the effective use of materials 
developed under clauses (ii) and (iii) among par-ents, family members, teachers, principals and other school leaders, Head Start providers, pro-viders of family literacy services, child care pro-viders, early childhood educators, elementary school teachers, public libraries, and after- school program personnel caring for preschool and elementary school children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8504 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(2) A VAILABILITY .—In awarding or entering 
into grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-ments under this section, the Secretary shall en-sure that eligible entities described in paragraph (3) make programming widely available, with 
support materials as appropriate, to young chil-dren, parents, child care workers, Head Start providers, and providers of family literacy serv-ices to increase the effective use of such pro-gramming. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under this section, an entity shall be a public telecommunications entity that is able to demonstrate each of the following: 
‘‘(A) A capacity for the development and na-
tional distribution of educational and instruc-tional television programming of high quality that is accessible by a large majority of dis-advantaged preschool and elementary school children. 
‘‘(B) A capacity to contract with the pro-
ducers of children’s television programming for the purpose of developing educational television programming of high quality. 
‘‘(C) A capacity, consistent with the entity’s 
mission and nonprofit nature, to negotiate such contracts in a manner that returns to the entity an appropriate share of any ancillary income from sales of any program-related products. 
‘‘(D) A capacity to localize programming and 
materials to meet specific State and local needs and to provide educational outreach at the local level. 
‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—An entity 
receiving a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall consult with the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
‘‘(A) to maximize the use of high-quality edu-
cational programming by preschool and elemen-tary school children, and make such program-ming widely available to Federally funded pro-grams serving such populations; and 
‘‘(B) to coordinate activities with Federal pro-
grams that have major training components for early childhood development, including pro-grams under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) and State training activities funded under the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), re-garding the availability and utilization of mate-rials developed under paragraph (1)(B)(v) to en-hance parent and child care provider skills in early childhood development and education. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive a 
grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under subsection (a), an entity shall submit to the Sec-retary an application at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. The application shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the activities to be car-
ried out under this section; 
‘‘(2) a list of the types of entities with which 
such entity will enter into contracts under sub-section (a)(1)(B)(iv); 
‘‘(3) a description of the activities the entity 
will undertake widely to disseminate the content developed under this section; and 
‘‘(4) a description of how the entity will com-
ply with subsection (a)(2). 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTS AND EVALUATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL REPORT TO SECRETARY .—An enti-
ty receiving a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall prepare and submit to the Secretary an annual report. The report shall describe the program activities un-dertaken with funds received under the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, including each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The programming that has been devel-
oped, directly or indirectly, by the eligible enti-ty, and the target population of the program-ming. 
‘‘(B) The support and training materials that 
have been developed to accompany the program-ming, and the method by which the materials are distributed to consumers and users of the programming. ‘‘(C) The means by which programming devel-
oped under this section has been distributed, in-cluding the distance learning technologies that have been utilized to make programming avail-able, and the geographic distribution achieved through such technologies. 
‘‘(D) The initiatives undertaken by the entity 
to develop public-private partnerships to secure non-Federal support for the development, dis-tribution, and broadcast of educational and in-structional programming. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a bi-annual report that includes the following: 
‘‘(A) A summary of the activities assisted 
under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) A description of the education and train-
ing materials made available under subsection (a)(1)(B)(v), the manner in which outreach has been conducted to inform parents and child care providers of the availability of such materials, and the manner in which such materials have been distributed in accordance with such sub-section. 
‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—An entity that 
receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under this section may use up to 5 percent of the amount received under the grant, con-tract, or agreement for the normal and cus-tomary expenses of administering the grant, contract, or agreement. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING RULE.—Not less than 60 percent 
of the amount used by the Secretary to carry out this section for each fiscal year shall be used to carry out activities under clauses (ii) through (iv) of subsection (a)(1)(B). 
‘‘SEC. 4644. SUPPORTING HIGH-ABILITY LEARN-
ERS AND LEARNING. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is 
to promote and initiate a coordinated program, to be known as the ‘Jacob K. Javits Gifted and Talented Students Education Program’, of evi-dence-based research, demonstration projects, innovative strategies, and similar activities de-signed to build and enhance the ability of ele-mentary schools and secondary schools nation-wide to identify gifted and talented students and meet their special educational needs. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary (after con-
sultation with experts in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students) shall make awards to, or enter into contracts with, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Bureau of Indian Education, insti-tutions of higher education, other public agen-cies, and other private agencies and organiza-tions to assist such agencies, institutions, or or-ganizations, or the Bureau, in carrying out pro-grams or projects to fulfill the purpose described in section 4641(a)(3), including the training of personnel in the identification and education of gifted and talented students and in the use, where appropriate, of gifted and talented serv-ices, materials, and methods for all students. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—Each entity seeking as-
sistance under this section shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. Each application shall describe how— 
‘‘(A) the proposed identification methods, as 
well as gifted and talented services, materials, and methods, can be adapted, if appropriate, for use by all students; and 
‘‘(B) the proposed programs can be evaluated. ‘‘(c) U
SES OF FUNDS.—Programs and projects 
assisted under this section may include any of the following: 
‘‘(1) Conducting evidence-based research on 
methods and techniques for identifying and teaching gifted and talented students and for using gifted and talented programs and methods to identify and provide the opportunity for all students to be served, particularly low-income and at-risk students. ‘‘(2) Establishing and operating programs and 
projects for identifying and serving gifted and talented students, including innovative methods and strategies (such as summer programs, men-toring programs, peer tutoring programs, service learning programs, and cooperative learning programs involving business, industry and edu-cation) for identifying and educating students who may not be served by traditional gifted and talented programs. 
‘‘(3) Providing technical assistance and dis-
seminating information, which may include how gifted and talented programs and methods may be adapted for use by all students, particularly low-income and at-risk students. 
‘‘(d) C
ENTER FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary (after con-
sultation with experts in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students) shall es-tablish a National Research Center for the Edu-cation of Gifted and Talented Children and Youth through grants to, or contracts with, one or more institutions of higher education or State educational agencies, or a combination or con-sortium of such institutions and agencies and other public or private agencies and organiza-tions, for the purpose of carrying out activities described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) D
IRECTOR .—The National Center shall be 
headed by a Director. The Secretary may au-thorize the Director to carry out such functions of the National Center as may be agreed upon through arrangements with institutions of high-er education, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, or other public or private agencies and organizations. 
‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION .—Evidence-based activi-
ties supported under this section— 
‘‘(1) shall be carried out in consultation with 
the Institute of Education Sciences to ensure that such activities are coordinated with and enhance the research and development activities supported by the Institute; and 
‘‘(2) may include collaborative evidence-based 
activities that are jointly funded and carried out with such Institute. 
‘‘(f) G
ENERAL PRIORITY .—In carrying out this 
section, the Secretary shall give highest priority to programs and projects designed to— 
‘‘(1) develop new information that— 
‘‘(A) improves the capability of schools to 
plan, conduct, and improve programs to identify and serve gifted and talented students; or 
‘‘(B) assists schools in the identification of, 
and provision of services to, gifted and talented students (including economically disadvantaged individuals, individuals who are English learn-ers, and children with disabilities) who may not be identified and served through traditional as-sessment methods; or 
‘‘(2) implement evidence-based activities, de-
fined in this paragraph as activities meeting the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i). 
‘‘(g) P
ARTICIPATION OF PRIVATE SCHOOL CHIL-
DREN AND TEACHERS .—In making grants and en-
tering into contracts under this section, the Sec-retary shall ensure, where appropriate, that provision is made for the equitable participation of students and teachers in private nonprofit el-ementary schools and secondary schools, includ-ing the participation of teachers and other per-sonnel in professional development programs serving such students. 
‘‘(h) R
EVIEW , DISSEMINATION , AND EVALUA -
TION.—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use a peer-review process in reviewing ap-
plications under this section; 
‘‘(2) ensure that information on the activities 
and results of programs and projects funded under this section is disseminated to appropriate State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and other appropriate organizations, including private nonprofit organizations; and 
‘‘(3) evaluate the effectiveness of programs 
under this section in accordance with section 8601, in terms of the impact on students tradi-tionally served in separate gifted and talented 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8505 November 30, 2015 
programs and on other students, and submit the 
results of such evaluation to Congress not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
‘‘(i) P
ROGRAM OPERATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the programs under this sec-tion are administered within the Department by a person who has recognized professional quali-fications and experience in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students and who shall— 
‘‘(1) administer and coordinate the programs 
authorized under this section; 
‘‘(2) serve as a focal point of national leader-
ship and information on the educational needs of gifted and talented students and the avail-ability of educational services and programs de-signed to meet such needs; 
‘‘(3) assist the Director of the Institute of Edu-
cation Sciences in identifying research priorities that reflect the needs of gifted and talented stu-dents; and 
‘‘(4) disseminate, and consult on, the informa-
tion developed under this section with other of-fices within the Department.’’. 
TITLE V—STATE INNOVATION AND LOCAL 
FLEXIBILITY 
SEC. 5001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ITLE VI R EDESIGNATIONS .—Title VI (20 
U.S.C. 7301 et seq.) is redesignated as title V and further amended— 
(1) by redesignating sections 6121 through 6123 
as sections 5101 through 5103, respectively; 
(2) by redesignating sections 6201 and 6202 as 
sections 5201 and 5202, respectively; 
(3) by redesignating sections 6211 through 6213 
as sections 5211 through 5213, respectively; 
(4) by redesignating sections 6221 through 6224 
as sections 5221 through 5224, respectively; and 
(5) by redesignating sections 6231 through 6234 
as sections 5231 through 5234, respectively. 
(b) S
TRUCTURAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Title V (as redesignated by subsection 
(a) of this section) is further amended— 
(1) in part A, by striking subparts 1, 3, and 4; (2) by striking ‘‘section 6212’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘section 5212’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘section 6223’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘section 5223’’; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘section 6234’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘section 5234’’. 
SEC. 5002. FUNDING TRANSFERABILITY FOR 
STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Part A of title V, as redesignated and amend-
ed by section 5001 of this Act, is further amend-ed— 
(1) in the part heading, by striking ‘‘ IMPROV-
ING ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘ FUNDING TRANSFERABILITY FOR 
STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘ SUBPART 2—FUNDING 
TRANSFERABILITY FOR STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES ’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘subpart’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘part’’; 
(4) by amending section 5102 to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘SEC. 5102. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to allow States 
and local educational agencies the flexibility to target Federal funds to the programs and activi-ties that most effectively address the unique needs of States and localities.’’; 
(5) in section 5103— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘not more than 50 percent of the nonadministrative State funds’’ and inserting ‘‘all, or any lesser amount, of State funds’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title II. ‘‘(B) Part A of title IV. ‘‘(C) Section 4202(c)(3).’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following; 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—In accordance with 
this part, a State may transfer any funds allot-ted to the State under a provision listed in para-graph (1) for a fiscal year to its allotment under any other of the following provisions: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title I. ‘‘(B) Part C of title I. ‘‘(C) Part D of title I. ‘‘(D) Part A of title III. ‘‘(E) Part B.’’. (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(except’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘subparagraph (C))’’ and inserting ‘‘may transfer all, or any lesser amount, of the funds allocated to it’’; 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) 
and inserting: 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—In accordance with 
this part, a local educational agency may trans-fer any funds allotted to such agency under a provision listed in paragraph (2) for a fiscal year to its allotment under any other of the fol-lowing provisions: 
‘‘(i) Part A of title I. ‘‘(ii) Part C of title I. ‘‘(iii) Part D of title I. ‘‘(iv) Part A of title III. ‘‘(v) Part B.’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A), (B), or (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B)’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title II. ‘‘(B) Part A of title IV.’’; (C) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(c) N
OTRANSFER OF CERTAIN FUNDING .—A 
State or local educational agency may not transfer under this part to any other program any funds allotted or allocated to it for the fol-lowing provisions: 
‘‘(1) Part A of title I. ‘‘(2) Part C of title I. ‘‘(3) Part D of title I. ‘‘(4) Part A of title III. ‘‘(5) Part B.’’; and (D) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
9501’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8501’’. 
SEC. 5003. RURAL EDUCATION INITIATIVE. 
Part B of title V, as redesignated and amend-
ed by section 5001 of this Act, is further amend-ed— 
(1) in section 5211— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) through (E) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title I. ‘‘(B) Part A of title II. ‘‘(C) Title III. ‘‘(D) Part A or B of title IV.’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘school’’ before ‘‘locale code’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘7 or 8, as determined by the 
Secretary; or’’ and inserting ‘‘41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary;’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the local educational agency is a member 
of an educational service agency that does not receive funds under this subpart and the local educational agency meets the requirements of this part.’’; and 
(C) in subsection (c), by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) Part A of title II. ‘‘(2) Part A of title IV.’’; (2) in section 5212— (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) Part A of title I. 
‘‘(2) Part A of title II. ‘‘(3) Title III. ‘‘(4) Part A or B of title IV.’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(1) A
LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (3) and (4), the Secretary shall award a grant under subsection (a) to a local educational agency eligible under section 5211(b) for a fiscal year in an amount equal to the initial amount determined under paragraph (2) for the fiscal year minus the total amount re-ceived by the agency under the provisions of law described in section 5211(c) for the pre-ceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL DETERMINATION .—For a local 
educational agency that is eligible under section 5211(b)(1)(C) and is a member of an educational service agency, the Secretary may determine the award amount by subtracting from the initial amount determined under paragraph (2), an amount that is equal to that local educational agency’s per-pupil share of the total amount re-ceived by the educational service agency under the provisions described in section 5211(c), as long as a determination under this subpara-graph would not disproportionately affect any State.’’; 
(ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF INITIAL AMOUNT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The initial amount re-
ferred to in paragraph (1) is equal to $100 multi-plied by the total number of students in excess of 50 students, in average daily attendance at the schools served by the local educational agency, plus $20,000, except that the initial amount may not exceed $60,000. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For any fiscal year for 
which the amount made available to carry out this part is $265,000,000 or more, subparagraph (A) shall be applied— 
‘‘(i) by substituting ‘$25,000’ for ‘$20,000’; and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘$80,000’ for ‘$60,000’.’’; 
and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) H
OLD HARMLESS .—For a local edu-
cational agency that is not eligible under this subpart due to amendments made by the Every Student Succeeds Act to section 5211(b)(1)(A)(ii) but met the eligibility requirements under sec-tion 6211(b) as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, the agency shall receive— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2017, 75 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015; 
‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2018, 50 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015; and 
‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2019, 25 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015.’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (d); (3) by striking section 5213; (4) in section 5221— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 
6222(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5222(a)’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘(A) 20 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘(A)(i) 20 percent’’; 
(II) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
clause (ii); 
(III) in clause (ii) (as redesignated by sub-
clause (II))— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘school’’ before ‘‘locale 
code’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘6, 7, or 8’’ and inserting ‘‘32, 
33, 41, 42, or 43’’; and 
(cc) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) the agency meets the criteria established 
in clause (i) of subparagraph (A) and the Sec-retary, in accordance with paragraph (2), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8506 November 30, 2015 
grants the local educational agency’s request to 
waive the criteria described in clause (ii) of such subparagraph.’’; 
(ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall de-
termine whether to waive the criteria described in paragraph (1)(A)(ii) based on a demonstra-tion by the local educational agency, and con-currence by the State educational agency, that the local educational agency is located in an area defined as rural by a governmental agency of the State.’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)(1) by striking ‘‘Bureau of 
Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of In-dian Education’’; 
(5) in section 5222(a), by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (7) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) Activities authorized under part A of title 
I. 
‘‘(2) Activities authorized under part A of title 
II. 
‘‘(3) Activities authorized under title III. ‘‘(4) Activities authorized under part A of title 
IV. 
‘‘(5) Parental involvement activities.’’; 
(6) in section 5223— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘at such 
time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘at such time and in such manner’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include information on— 
‘‘(1) program objectives and outcomes for ac-
tivities under this subpart, including how the State educational agency or specially qualified agency will use funds to help all students meet the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(2) if the State educational agency will com-
petitively award grants to eligible local edu-cational agencies, as described in section 5221(b)(3)(A), the application under the section shall include— 
‘‘(A) the methods and criteria the State edu-
cational agency will use to review applications and award funds to local educational agencies on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) how the State educational agency will 
notify eligible local educational agencies of the grant competition; and 
‘‘(3) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will provide technical assist-ance to eligible local educational agencies to help such agencies implement the activities de-scribed in section 5222.’’; 
(7) in section 5224— (A) by striking the section heading and all 
that follows through ‘‘Each’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ REPORT .—Each’’; 
(B) by striking subsections (b) through (e); (C) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
inserting ‘‘or specially qualified agency’’ after ‘‘Each State educational agency’’; 
(D) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) if the report is submitted by a State edu-
cational agency, the method the State edu-cational agency used to award grants to eligible local educational agencies, and to provide as-sistance to schools, under this subpart;’’; and 
(E) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) the degree to which progress has been 
made toward meeting the objectives and out-comes described in the application submitted under section 5223, including having all stu-dents in the State or the area served by the spe-cially qualified agency, as applicable, meet the challenging State academic standards.’’; 
(8) by inserting after section 5224 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 5225. CHOICE OF PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If a local educational 
agency is eligible for funding under both this subpart and subpart 1, such local educational 
agency may receive funds under either this sub-part or subpart 1 for a fiscal year, but may not receive funds under both subparts for such fis-cal year. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—A local educational 
agency eligible for funding under both this sub-part and subpart 1 shall notify the Secretary and the State educational agency under which of such subparts the local educational agency intends to receive funds for a fiscal year by a date that is established by the Secretary for the notification.’’; and 
(9) in section 5234, by striking ‘‘$300,000,000 
for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years,’’ and inserting ‘‘$169,840,000 for each of the fiscal years 2017 through 2020,’’. 
SEC. 5004. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Part C of title V, as redesignated by section 
5001 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART C—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 5301. PROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL 
MANDATES, DIRECTION, OR CON-TROL. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to au-
thorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s spe-cific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curriculum, or program of in-struction, as a condition of eligibility to receive funds under this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 5302. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON EQUAL-
IZED SPENDING. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
mandate equalized spending per pupil for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. 
SEC. 5005. REVIEW RELATING TO RURAL LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES. 
(a) R EVIEW AND REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) review the organization, structure, and 
process and procedures of the Department of Education for administering its programs and developing policy and regulations, in order to— 
(A) assess the methods and manner through 
which, and the extent to which, the Department of Education takes into account, considers input from, and addresses the unique needs and char-acteristics of rural schools and rural local edu-cational agencies; and 
(B) determine actions that the Department of 
Education can take to meaningfully increase the consideration and participation of rural schools and rural local educational agencies in the development and execution of the processes, procedures, policies, and regulations of the De-partment of Education; 
(2) make public a preliminary report con-
taining the information described in paragraph (1) and provide Congress and the public with 60 days to comment on the proposed actions de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B); and 
(3) issue a final report to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, which shall describe the final actions developed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) after taking into account the comments submitted under para-graph (2). 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Education shall— 
(1) carry out each action described in the re-
port under subsection (a)(3); or 
(2) in a case in which an action is not carried 
out, provide a written explanation to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions of the Senate and the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives of why the action was not carried out. TITLE VI—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
SEC. 6001. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION OF TITLE.—Title VII (20 
U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) is redesignated as title VI. 
(b) R EDESIGNATIONS AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating sections 7101, 7102, 7111, 
7112, 7113, 7114, 7115, 7116, 7117, 7118, 7119, 7121, 7122, 7131, 7132, 7133, 7134, 7135, 7136, 7141, 7142, 7143, 7144, 7151, 7152, 7201, 7202, 7203, 7204, 7205, 7206, 7207, 7301, 7302, 7303, 7304, 7305, and 7306, as sections 6101, 6102, 6111, 6112, 6113, 6114, 6115, 6116, 6117, 6118, 6119, 6121, 6122, 6131, 6132, 6133, 6134, 6135, 6136, 6141, 6142, 6143, 6144, 6151, 6152, 6201, 6202, 6203, 6204, 6205, 6206, 6207, 6301, 6302, 6303, 6304, 6305, and 6306, respectively; 
(2) in section 6112 (as so redesignated), in sub-
section (b)(1), by striking ‘‘section 7117’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 6117’’; 
(3) in section 6113 (as so redesignated)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), is amended by 
striking ‘‘section 7117’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6117’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘section 
7112’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6112’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 7114’’ the first place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 6114’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 7114(c)(4), section 
7118(c), or section 7119’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6114(c)(4), section 6118(c), or section 6119’’; and 
(D) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘section 
7152(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘6152(a)’’; 
(4) in section 6114 (as so redesignated)— (A) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘section 
7115’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6115’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(4)(D), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 7115(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6115(c)’’; 
(5) in section 6115 (as so redesignated)— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘section 7111’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6111’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
7114(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6114(a)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
7114(c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6114(c)(4)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
7111’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6111’’; 
(6) in section 6116 (as so redesignated), in sub-
section (d)(9), by striking ‘‘section 7114(c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6114(c)(4)’’; 
(7) in section 6117 (as so redesignated)— (A) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 7151’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6151’’; 
(B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
7151’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6151’’; 
(C) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘section 
7113’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6113’’; and 
(D) in subsection (h)(1), by striking ‘‘section 
7114’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6114’’; 
(8) in section 6118 (as so redesignated), in sub-
section (a), by striking ‘‘section 7113’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 6113’’; 
(9) in section 6119 (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘section 7114’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6114’’; and 
(10) in section 6205 (as so redesignated), in 
subsection (c)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
7204’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6204’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
7204’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6204’’. 
SEC. 6002. INDIAN EDUCATION. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Section 6101 (20 
U.S.C. 7401) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘It is further the policy of the United States to en-sure that Indian children do not attend school in buildings that are dilapidated or deterio-rating, which may negatively affect the aca-demic success of such children.’’. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—Section 6102 (20 U.S.C. 7402) (as 
redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8507 November 30, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 6102. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to support the 
efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institu-tions, and other entities— 
‘‘(1) to meet the unique educational and cul-
turally related academic needs of Indian stu-dents, so that such students can meet the chal-lenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(2) to ensure that Indian students gain 
knowledge and understanding of Native commu-nities, languages, tribal histories, traditions, and cultures; and 
‘‘(3) to ensure that teachers, principals, other 
school leaders, and other staff who serve Indian students have the ability to provide culturally appropriate and effective instruction and sup-ports to such students.’’. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—Section 6111 (20 U.S.C. 7421) (as 
redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6111. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to support 
the efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, and other entities in developing elementary school and secondary school programs for Indian students that are de-signed to— 
‘‘(1) meet the unique cultural, language, and 
educational needs of such students; and 
‘‘(2) ensure that all students meet the chal-
lenging State academic standards.’’. 
(d) G
RANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
ANDTRIBES .—Section 6112 (20 U.S.C. 7422) (as 
redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants, from allocations made under section 6113, and in accordance with this section and section 6113, to— 
‘‘(1) local educational agencies; ‘‘(2) Indian tribes, as provided under sub-
section (c)(1); 
‘‘(3) Indian organizations, as provided under 
subsection (c)(1); 
‘‘(4) consortia of 2 or more local educational 
agencies, Indian tribes, Indian organizations, or Indian community-based organizations, if each local educational agency participating in such a consortium, if applicable— 
‘‘(A) provides an assurance that the eligible 
Indian children served by such local edu-cational agency will receive the services of the programs funded under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) is subject to all the requirements, assur-
ances, and obligations applicable to local edu-cational agencies under this subpart; and 
‘‘(5) Indian community-based organizations, 
as provided under subsection (d)(1).’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘A local edu-
cational agency shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (2), a local educational agency shall’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—A local edu-
cational agency may enter into a cooperative agreement with an Indian tribe under this sub-part if such Indian tribe— 
‘‘(A) represents not less than 25 percent of the 
eligible Indian children who are served by such local educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) requests that the local educational agen-
cy enter into a cooperative agreement under this subpart.’’; and 
(3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(c) I
NDIAN TRIBES AND INDIAN ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a local educational agen-
cy that is otherwise eligible for a grant under this subpart does not establish a committee under section 6114(c)(4) for such grant, an In-dian tribe, an Indian organization, or a consor-
tium of such entities, that represents more than one-half of the eligible Indian children who are served by such local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall treat 
each Indian tribe, Indian organization, or con-sortium of such entities applying for a grant pursuant to paragraph (1) as if such tribe, In-dian organization, or consortium were a local educational agency for purposes of this subpart. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), such Indian tribe, Indian organiza-tion, or consortium shall not be subject to the requirements of subsections (b)(7) or (c)(4) of section 6114 or section 6118(c) or 6119. 
‘‘(3) A
SSURANCE TO SERVE ALL INDIAN CHIL -
DREN .—An Indian tribe, Indian organization, or 
consortium of such entities that is eligible to apply for a grant under paragraph (1) shall in-clude, in the application required under section 6114, an assurance that the entity will use the grant funds to provide services to all Indian stu-dents served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) I
NDIAN COMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If no local educational 
agency pursuant to subsection (b), and no In-dian tribe, Indian organization, or consortium pursuant to subsection (c), applies for a grant under this subpart in a particular community, an Indian community-based organization serv-ing the community of the local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF SPECIAL RULE .—The 
Secretary shall apply the special rule in sub-section (c)(2) to an Indian community-based or-ganization applying for a grant under para-graph (1) in the same manner as such rule ap-plies to an Indian tribe, Indian organization, or consortium described in that subsection. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN COMMUNITY -BASED  
ORGANIZATION .—In this subsection, the term ‘In-
dian community-based organization’ means any organization that— 
‘‘(A) is composed primarily of Indian parents, 
family members, and community members, tribal government education officials, and tribal mem-bers, from a specific community; 
‘‘(B) assists in the social, cultural, and edu-
cational development of Indians in such commu-nity; 
‘‘(C) meets the unique cultural, language, and 
academic needs of Indian students; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrates organizational and admin-
istrative capacity to manage the grant.’’. 
(e) A
MOUNT OF GRANTS .—Section 6113 (20 
U.S.C. 7423) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘Bureau of 
Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of In-dian Education’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)— 
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
N-
DIAN AFFAIRS ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NDIAN EDU-
CATION ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
(f) A
PPLICATIONS .—Section 6114 (20 U.S.C. 
7424) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Each local 
educational agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Each entity described in section 6112(a)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘American 
Indian and Alaska Native’’ and inserting ‘‘In-dian’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘is con-
sistent with the State and local plans’’ and in-serting ‘‘is consistent with the State, tribal, and local plans’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) includes program objectives and out-
comes for activities under this subpart that are based on the same challenging State academic 
standards developed by the State under title I for all students;’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) explains how the grantee will use funds 
made available under this subpart to supple-ment other Federal, State, and local programs that meet the needs of Indian students;’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(E) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the Indian tribes whose children are 
served by the local educational agency, con-sistent with section 444 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (com-monly referred to as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’); and’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) describes the process the local edu-
cational agency used to meaningfully collabo-rate with Indian tribes located in the commu-nity in a timely, active, and ongoing manner in the development of the comprehensive program and the actions taken as a result of such col-laboration.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for the edu-
cation of Indian children,’’ and inserting ‘‘for services described in this subsection,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘served 
by such agency;’’ and inserting ‘‘served by such agency, and meet program objectives and out-comes for activities under this subpart; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) determine the extent to which such ac-
tivities by the local educational agency address the unique cultural, language, and educational needs of Indian students;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Amer-
ican Indian and Alaska Native’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘representatives of Indian 
tribes on Indian lands located within 50 miles of any school that the agency will serve if such tribes have any children in such school, Indian organizations,’’ after ‘‘parents of Indian chil-dren and teachers,’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; 
(D) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and family 
members’’ after ‘‘parents’’; 
(II) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as 
clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; and 
(III) by inserting after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) representatives of Indian tribes on In-
dian lands located within 50 miles of any school that the agency will serve if such tribes have any children in such school;’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) a majority of whose members are parents 
and family members of Indian children;’’; 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (C); (iv) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and 
(E) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and 
(v) in subparagraph (C) (as redesignated by 
clause (iv))— 
(I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘American In-
dian and Alaska Native’’ and inserting ‘‘In-dian’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8508 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(iii) determined that the program will di-
rectly enhance the educational experience of In-dian students; and’’; and 
(vi) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by 
clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the local educational agency will coordi-
nate activities under this title with other Fed-eral programs supporting educational and re-lated services administered by such agency; 
‘‘(6) the local educational agency conducted 
outreach to parents and family members to meet the requirements under this paragraph; 
‘‘(7) the local educational agency will use 
funds received under this subpart only for ac-tivities described and authorized in this subpart; and 
‘‘(8) the local educational agency has set forth 
such policies and procedures, including policies and procedures relating to the hiring of per-sonnel, as will ensure that the program for which assistance is sought will be operated and evaluated in consultation with, and with the in-volvement of, parents and family members of the children, and representatives of the area, to be served.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
shall, directly or by contract, provide technical assistance to a local educational agency or Bu-reau of Indian Education school upon request (in addition to any technical assistance avail-able under other provisions of this Act or avail-able through the Institute of Education Sciences) to support the services and activities provided under this subpart, including technical assistance for— 
‘‘(1) the development of applications under 
this subpart, including identifying eligible enti-ties that have not applied for such grants and undertaking appropriate activities to encourage such entities to apply for grants under this sub-part; 
‘‘(2) improvement in the quality of implemen-
tation, content, and evaluation of activities sup-ported under this subpart; and 
‘‘(3) integration of activities under this sub-
part with other educational activities carried out by the local educational agency.’’. 
(g) A
UTHORIZED SERVICES AND ACTIVITIES .— 
Section 6115 (20 U.S.C. 7425) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘solely for 
the services and activities described in such ap-plication’’ before the semicolon; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘with special 
regard for’’ and inserting ‘‘to be responsive to’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(b) P
ARTICULAR ACTIVITIES .—The services 
and activities referred to in subsection (a) may include— 
‘‘(1) activities that support Native American 
language programs and Native American lan-guage restoration programs, which may be taught by traditional leaders; 
‘‘(2) culturally related activities that support 
the program described in the application sub-mitted by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(3) early childhood and family programs that 
emphasize school readiness; 
‘‘(4) enrichment programs that focus on prob-
lem solving and cognitive skills development and directly support the attainment of challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(5) integrated educational services in com-
bination with other programs that meet the needs of Indian children and their families, in-cluding programs that promote parental involve-ment in school activities and increase student achievement; 
‘‘(6) career preparation activities to enable In-
dian students to participate in programs such as the programs supported by the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.), including programs for tech-prep education, mentoring, and apprentice-
ship; 
‘‘(7) activities to educate individuals so as to 
prevent violence, suicide, and substance abuse; 
‘‘(8) the acquisition of equipment, but only if 
the acquisition of the equipment is essential to achieve the purpose described in section 6111; 
‘‘(9) activities that promote the incorporation 
of culturally responsive teaching and learning strategies into the educational program of the local educational agency; 
‘‘(10) family literacy services; ‘‘(11) activities that recognize and support the 
unique cultural and educational needs of In-dian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified tribal elders and seniors; 
‘‘(12) dropout prevention strategies for Indian 
students; and 
‘‘(13) strategies to meet the educational needs 
of at-risk Indian students in correctional facili-ties, including such strategies that support In-dian students who are transitioning from such facilities to schools served by local educational agencies.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the local educational agency identifies in 
its application how the use of such funds in a schoolwide program will produce benefits to In-dian students that would not be achieved if the funds were not used in a schoolwide program.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF FUNDS.— 
Funds provided to a grantee under this subpart may not be used for long-distance travel ex-penses for training activities that are available locally or regionally.’’. 
(h) I
NTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHORIZED .— 
Section 6116 (20 U.S.C. 7426) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (g), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘No Child Left Behind Act of 
2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Every Student Succeeds Act’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of the Interior,’’; and 
(C) by inserting ‘‘and coordination’’ after 
‘‘providing for the implementation’’; and 
(2) in subsection (o)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the No 
Child Left Behind Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘the Every Student Succeeds Act’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘the No Child Left Behind Act 
of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act’’; and 
(ii) by striking the second sentence. (i) S
TUDENT ELIGIBILITY FORMS .—Section 6117 
(20 U.S.C. 7427) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘All individual data collected shall be protected by the local educational agencies and only aggregated data shall be reported to the Secretary.’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (d); (3) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), (g), 
and (h), as subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g), re-spectively; 
(4) by striking subsection (d), as redesignated 
by paragraph (4), and inserting the following: 
‘‘(d) D
OCUMENTATION AND TYPES OF PROOF .— 
‘‘(1) T YPES OF PROOF .—For purposes of deter-
mining whether a child is eligible to be counted for the purpose of computing the amount of a grant award under section 6113, the membership of the child, or any parent or grandparent of the child, in a tribe or band of Indians (as so defined) may be established by proof other than an enrollment number, notwithstanding the availability of an enrollment number for a mem-ber of such tribe or band. Nothing in subsection 
(b) shall be construed to require the furnishing of an enrollment number. 
‘‘(2) N
O NEW OR DUPLICATIVE DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Once a child is determined to be an In-
dian eligible to be counted for such grant award, the local educational agency shall main-tain a record of such determination and shall not require a new or duplicate determination to be made for such child for a subsequent applica-tion for a grant under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) P
REVIOUSLY FILED FORMS .—An Indian 
student eligibility form that was on file as re-quired by this section on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act and that met the requirements of this section, as this section was in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of such Act, shall remain valid for such Indian student.’’; 
(5) in subsection (f), as redesignated by para-
graph (4), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Af-fairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Edu-cation’’; and 
(6) in subsection (g), as redesignated by para-
graph (4), by striking ‘‘subsection (g)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(1)’’. 
(j) P
AYMENTS .—Section 6118 (20 U.S.C. 7428) 
(as redesignated by section 6001) is amended, by striking subsection (c) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c) R
EDUCTION OF PAYMENT FOR FAILURE TO 
MAINTAIN FISCAL EFFORT .—Each local edu-
cational agency shall maintain fiscal effort in accordance with section 8521 or be subject to re-duced payments under this subpart in accord-ance with such section 8521.’’. 
(k) I
MPROVEMENT OF EDUCATIONAL OPPORTU -
NITIES FOR INDIAN CHILDREN AND YOUTH .—Sec-
tion 6121 (20 U.S.C. 7441) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) by striking the section header and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6121. IMPROVEMENT OF EDUCATIONAL OP-
PORTUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHIL-DREN AND YOUTH.’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Indian children’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘Amer-
ican Indian and Alaska Native children’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian children and youth’’; 
(3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Indian insti-
tution (including an Indian institution of high-er education)’’ and inserting ‘‘a Tribal College or University (as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)))’’; 
(4) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to eligible entities to enable such entities to carry out activities that meet the purpose of this section, including— 
‘‘(1) innovative programs related to the edu-
cational needs of educationally disadvantaged Indian children and youth; 
‘‘(2) educational services that are not avail-
able to such children and youth in sufficient quantity or quality, including remedial instruc-tion, to raise the achievement of Indian children in one or more of the subjects of English, mathe-matics, science, foreign languages, art, history, and geography; 
‘‘(3) bilingual and bicultural programs and 
projects; 
‘‘(4) special health and nutrition services, and 
other related activities, that address the special health, social, and psychological problems of In-dian children and youth; 
‘‘(5) special compensatory and other programs 
and projects designed to assist and encourage Indian children and youth to enter, remain in, or reenter school, and to increase the rate of high school graduation for Indian children and youth; 
‘‘(6) comprehensive guidance, counseling, and 
testing services; 
‘‘(7) early childhood education programs that 
are effective in preparing young children to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8509 November 30, 2015 
make sufficient academic growth by the end of 
grade 3, including kindergarten and pre-kinder-garten programs, family-based preschool pro-grams that emphasize school readiness, screen-ing and referral, and the provision of services to Indian children and youth with disabilities; 
‘‘(8) partnership projects between local edu-
cational agencies and institutions of higher edu-cation that allow secondary school students to enroll in courses at the postsecondary level to aid such students in the transition from sec-ondary to postsecondary education; 
‘‘(9) partnership projects between schools and 
local businesses for career preparation programs designed to provide Indian youth with the knowledge and skills such youth need to make an effective transition from school to a high- skill career; 
‘‘(10) programs designed to encourage and as-
sist Indian students to work toward, and gain entrance into, institutions of higher education; 
‘‘(11) family literacy services; ‘‘(12) activities that recognize and support the 
unique cultural and educational needs of In-dian children and youth, and incorporate tradi-tional leaders; 
‘‘(13) high-quality professional development of 
teaching professionals and paraprofessionals; or 
‘‘(14) other services that meet the purpose de-
scribed in this section.’’; and 
(5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘make a 
grant payment for a grant described in this paragraph to an eligible entity after the initial year of the multiyear grant only if the Secretary determines’’ and inserting ‘‘award grants for an initial period of not more than 3 years and may renew such grants for not more than an addi-tional 2 years if the Secretary determines’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘parents of Indian 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘parents and family of Indian children’’; and 
(ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘information 
demonstrating that the proposed program for the activities is a scientifically based research program’’ and inserting ‘‘information dem-onstrating that the proposed program is an evi-dence-based program’’. 
(l) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR TEACH-
ERS AND EDUCATION PROFESSIONALS .—Section 
6122 (20 U.S.C. 7442) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) to increase the number of qualified In-
dian teachers and administrators serving Indian students;’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) to provide pre- and in-service training 
and support to qualified Indian individuals to enable such individuals to become effective teachers, principals, other school leaders, ad-ministrators, paraprofessionals, counselors, so-cial workers, and specialized instructional sup-port personnel;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) to develop and implement initiatives to 
promote retention of effective teachers, prin-cipals, and school leaders who have a record of success in helping low-achieving Indian stu-dents improve their academic achievement, out-comes, and preparation for postsecondary edu-cation or employment.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘including 
an Indian institution of higher education’’ and inserting ‘‘including a Tribal College or Univer-sity, as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘in a con-
sortium with at least one Tribal College or Uni-versity, as defined in section 316(b) of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)), where feasible’’ before the period at the end; (3) in subsection (d)(1)— 
(A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘pur-
poses’’ and inserting ‘‘purpose’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence and insert-
ing ‘‘Such activities may include— 
‘‘(A) continuing education programs, 
symposia, workshops, and conferences; 
‘‘(B) teacher mentoring programs, professional 
guidance, and instructional support provided by educators, local traditional leaders, or cultural experts, as appropriate for teachers during their first 3 years of employment as teachers; 
‘‘(C) direct financial support; and ‘‘(D) programs designed to train traditional 
leaders and cultural experts to assist those per-sonnel referenced in subsection (a)(2), as appro-priate, with relevant Native language and cul-tural mentoring, guidance, and support.’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—Each eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. At a minimum, an application under this section shall describe how the eligible entity will— 
‘‘(1) recruit qualified Indian individuals, such 
as students who may not be of traditional col-lege age, to become teachers, principals, or school leaders; 
‘‘(2) use funds made available under the grant 
to support the recruitment, preparation, and professional development of Indian teachers or principals in local educational agencies that serve a high proportion of Indian students; and 
‘‘(3) assist participants in meeting the require-
ments under subsection (h).’’; 
(5) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated by subparagraph (A), the following: 
‘‘(1) may give priority to Tribal Colleges and 
Universities;’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘basis of’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘basis of the length of any period for which the eligible entity has received a grant.’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (g) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(g) G
RANT PERIOD .—The Secretary shall 
award grants under this section for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew such grants for an additional period of not more than 2 years if the Secretary finds that the grantee is achieving the objectives of the grant.’’; and 
(7) in subsection (h)(1)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘people’’ and inserting ‘‘students in a local edu-cational agency that serves a high proportion of Indian students’’. 
(m) N
ATIONAL RESEARCH ACTIVITIES .—Section 
6131 (20 U.S.C. 7451) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under sec-
tion 7152(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this subpart’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘, the Bu-
reau of Indian Education,’’ after ‘‘Office of In-dian Education Programs’’. 
(n) I
N-SERVICE TRAINING FOR TEACHERS OF IN-
DIAN CHILDREN ; FELLOWSHIPS FOR INDIAN STU-
DENTS ; G IFTED AND TALENTED INDIAN STU-
DENTS .—Title VI (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) (as re-
designated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 6132, 6133, and 6134 (as 
redesignated by section 6001); and 
(2) by redesignating section 6135 (as redesig-
nated by section 6001) as section 6132. 
(o) N ATIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGE .—Title VI (20 
U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by inserting after section 6132 (as redesignated by subsection (n)(2)) the fol-lowing: ‘‘SEC. 6133. NATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA NA-
TIVE LANGUAGE IMMERSION SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section 
are— 
‘‘(1) to establish a grant program to support 
schools that use Native American and Alaska Native languages as the primary language of in-struction; 
‘‘(2) to maintain, protect, and promote the 
rights and freedom of Native Americans and Alaska Natives to use, practice, maintain, and revitalize their languages, as envisioned in the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.); and 
‘‘(3) to support the Nation’s First Peoples’ ef-
forts to maintain and revitalize their languages and cultures, and to improve educational oppor-tunities and student outcomes within Native American and Alaska Native communities. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds reserved under 
section 6152(c), the Secretary shall reserve 20 percent to make grants to eligible entities to de-velop and maintain, or to improve and expand, programs that support schools, including ele-mentary school and secondary school education sites and streams, using Native American and Alaska Native languages as the primary lan-guages of instruction. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the fol-lowing entities that has a plan to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, programs that support the entity’s use of a Native Amer-ican or Alaska Native language as the primary language of instruction in elementary schools or secondary schools, or both: 
‘‘(A) An Indian tribe. ‘‘(B) A Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c)). 
‘‘(C) A tribal education agency. ‘‘(D) A local educational agency, including a 
public charter school that is a local educational agency under State law. 
‘‘(E) A school operated by the Bureau of In-
dian Education. 
‘‘(F) An Alaska Native Regional Corporation 
(as described in section 3(g) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602(g))). 
‘‘(G) A private, tribal, or Alaska Native non-
profit organization. 
‘‘(H) A nontribal for-profit organization. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that de-
sires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, including the following: 
‘‘(A) The name of the Native American or 
Alaska Native language to be used for instruc-tion at the school supported by the eligible enti-ty. 
‘‘(B) The number of students attending such 
school. 
‘‘(C) The number of hours of instruction in or 
through 1 or more Native American or Alaska Native languages being provided to targeted stu-dents at such school, if any. 
‘‘(D) A description of how the eligible entity 
will— 
‘‘(i) use the funds provided to meet the pur-
poses of this section; 
‘‘(ii) implement the activities described in sub-
section (e); 
‘‘(iii) ensure the implementation of rigorous 
academic content; and 
‘‘(iv) ensure that students progress toward 
high-level fluency goals. 
‘‘(E) Information regarding the school’s orga-
nizational governance or affiliations, including information about— 
‘‘(i) the school governing entity (such as a 
local educational agency, tribal education agen-cy or department, charter organization, private organization, or other governing entity); 
‘‘(ii) the school’s accreditation status; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8510 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(iii) any partnerships with institutions of 
higher education; and 
‘‘(iv) any indigenous language schooling and 
research cooperatives. 
‘‘(F) An assurance that— ‘‘(i) the school is engaged in meeting State or 
tribally designated long-term goals for students, as may be required by applicable Federal, State, or tribal law; 
‘‘(ii) the school provides assessments of stu-
dents using the Native American or Alaska Na-tive language of instruction, where possible; 
‘‘(iii) the qualifications of all instructional 
and leadership personnel at such school is suffi-cient to deliver high-quality education through the Native American or Alaska Native language used in the school; and 
‘‘(iv) the school will collect and report to the 
public data relative to student achievement and, if appropriate, rates of high school graduation, career readiness, and enrollment in postsec-ondary education or workforce development pro-grams, of students who are enrolled in the school’s programs. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
give a priority in awarding grants under this section based on the information described in paragraph (1)(E). 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that is a 
public elementary school or secondary school (including a public charter school or a school operated by the Bureau of Indian Education) or a nontribal for-profit or nonprofit organization shall submit, along with the application require-ments described in paragraph (1), a certification described in subparagraph (B) indicating that— 
‘‘(i) the school or organization has the capac-
ity to provide education primarily through a Native American or an Alaska Native language; and 
‘‘(ii) there are sufficient speakers of the target 
language at the school or available to be hired by the school or organization. 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be from one of the following entities, on whose land the school or program is located, that is an entity served by such school, or that is an entity whose members (as defined by that entity) are served by the school: 
‘‘(i) A Tribal College or University (as defined 
in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c)). 
‘‘(ii) A Federally recognized Indian tribe or 
tribal organization. 
‘‘(iii) An Alaska Native Regional Corporation 
or an Alaska Native nonprofit organization. 
‘‘(iv) A Native Hawaiian organization. ‘‘(d) A
WARDING OF GRANTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) determine the amount of each grant and 
the duration of each grant, which shall not ex-ceed 3 years; and 
‘‘(2) ensure, to the maximum extent feasible, 
that diversity in languages is represented. 
‘‘(e) A
CTIVITIES AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—An eligible entity 
that receives a grant under this section shall use such funds to carry out the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Supporting Native American or Alaska 
Native language education and development. 
‘‘(B) Providing professional development for 
teachers and, as appropriate, staff and adminis-trators to strengthen the overall language and academic goals of the school that will be served by the grant program. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOWABLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible enti-
ty that receives a grant under this section may use such funds to carry out the following activi-ties: 
‘‘(A) Developing or refining curriculum, in-
cluding teaching materials and activities, as ap-propriate. 
‘‘(B) Creating or refining assessments written 
in the Native American or Alaska Native lan-guage of instruction that measure student pro-ficiency and that are aligned with State or trib-al academic standards. ‘‘(C) Carrying out other activities that pro-
mote the maintenance and revitalization of the Native American or Alaska Native language rel-evant to the grant program. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—Each eligible en-
tity that receives a grant under this section shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Secretary, which shall include— 
‘‘(1) the activities the entity carried out to 
meet the purposes of this section; and 
‘‘(2) the number of children served by the pro-
gram and the number of instructional hours in the Native American or Alaska Native language. 
‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Not more than 5 
percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this section for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes.’’. 
(p) G
RANTS TO TRIBES FOR EDUCATION ADMIN-
ISTRATIVE PLANNING , DEVELOPMENT , AND CO-
ORDINATION .—Section 6132 (20 U.S.C. 7455) (as 
redesignated by subsection (n)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6132. GRANTS TO TRIBES FOR EDUCATION 
ADMINISTRATIVE PLANNING, DEVEL-OPMENT, AND COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may award 
grants under this section to eligible applicants to enable the eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(1) promote tribal self-determination in edu-
cation; 
‘‘(2) improve the academic achievement of In-
dian children and youth; and 
‘‘(3) promote the coordination and collabora-
tion of tribal educational agencies with State educational agencies and local educational agencies to meet the unique educational and culturally related academic needs of Indian stu-dents. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—In this section, the 
term ‘eligible applicant’ means— 
‘‘(A) an Indian tribe or tribal organization ap-
proved by an Indian tribe; or 
‘‘(B) a tribal educational agency. ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
means a federally recognized tribe or a State- recognized tribe. 
‘‘(3) T
RIBAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘tribal educational agency’ means the agency, department, or instrumentality of an Indian tribe that is primarily responsible for supporting tribal students’ elementary and secondary edu-cation. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT PROGRAM .—The Secretary may 
award grants to— 
‘‘(1) eligible applicants described under sub-
section (b)(1)(A) to plan and develop a tribal educational agency, if the tribe or organization has no current tribal educational agency, for a period of not more than 1 year; and 
‘‘(2) eligible applicants described under sub-
section (b)(1)(B), for a period of not more than 3 years, in order to— 
‘‘(A) directly administer education programs, 
including formula grant programs under this Act, consistent with State law and under a writ-ten agreement between the parties; 
‘‘(B) build capacity to administer and coordi-
nate such education programs, and to improve the relationship and coordination between such applicants and the State educational agencies and local educational agencies that educate stu-dents from the tribe; 
‘‘(C) receive training and support from the 
State educational agency and local educational agency, in areas such as data collection and analysis, grants management and monitoring, fiscal accountability, and other areas as needed; 
‘‘(D) train and support the State educational 
agency and local educational agency in areas related to tribal history, language, or culture; 
‘‘(E) build on existing activities or resources 
rather than replacing other funds; and 
‘‘(F) carry out other activities, consistent with 
the purposes of this section. 
‘‘(d) G
RANT APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible applicant de-
siring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in 
such manner as the Secretary may reasonably prescribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application described 
in paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement describing the activities to be 
conducted, and the objectives to be achieved, under the grant; 
‘‘(B) a description of the method to be used for 
evaluating the effectiveness of the activities for which assistance is sought and for determining whether such objectives are achieved; and 
‘‘(C) for applications for activities under sub-
section (c)(2), evidence of— 
‘‘(i) a preliminary agreement with the appro-
priate State educational agency, 1 or more local educational agencies, or both the State edu-cational agency and a local educational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) existing capacity as a tribal educational 
agency. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary may approve 
an application submitted by an eligible appli-cant under this subsection if the application, in-cluding any documentation submitted with the application— 
‘‘(A) demonstrates that the eligible applicant 
has consulted with other education entities, if any, within the territorial jurisdiction of the ap-plicant that will be affected by the activities to be conducted under the grant; 
‘‘(B) provides for consultation with such other 
education entities in the operation and evalua-tion of the activities conducted under the grant; and 
‘‘(C) demonstrates that there will be adequate 
resources provided under this section or from other sources to complete the activities for which assistance is sought. 
‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe may not re-
ceive funds under this section if the tribe re-ceives funds under section 1140 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 2020). 
‘‘(2) D
IRECT SERVICES .—No funds under this 
section may be used to provide direct services. 
‘‘(f) S UPPLEMENT , N OTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
under this section shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local programs that meet the needs of tribal stu-dents.’’. 
(q) I
MPROVEMENT OF EDUCATIONAL OPPORTU -
NITIES FOR ADULT INDIANS .—Title VI (20 U.S.C. 
7401 et seq.) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by striking section 6136. 
(r) N
ATIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL ON INDIAN  
EDUCATION .—Section 6141(b)(1) (20 U.S.C. 
7471(b)(1)) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Secretary of the Interior’’ after ‘‘advise the Secretary’’. 
(s) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 6151 (20 U.S.C. 7491) 
(as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) T
RADITIONAL LEADERS .—The term ‘tradi-
tional leaders’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2902).’’. 
(t) A
UTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 6152 (20 U.S.C. 7492) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$96,400,000 
for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,381,000 for fiscal year 2017, $102,388,620 for fiscal year 2018, $104,436,392 for fiscal year 2019, and $106,525,120 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘S
UBPARTS 2 AND 3’’ and inserting ‘‘S UBPART  
2’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘subparts 2 and 3’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subpart 2’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$24,000,000 for fiscal year 2002 
and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,993,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8511 November 30, 2015 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) S UBPART 3.—For the purpose of carrying 
out subpart 3, there are authorized to be appro-priated $5,565,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 6003. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 6202 (20 U.S.C. 7512) 
(as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by striking paragraphs (14) through (21). 
(b) N
ATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION COUNCIL .— 
Section 6204 (20 U.S.C. 7514) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6204. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION COUN-
CIL. 
‘‘(a) G RANT AUTHORIZED .—In order to better 
effectuate the purposes of this part through the coordination of educational and related services and programs available to Native Hawaiians, including those programs that receive funding under this part, the Secretary shall award a grant to the education council described under subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) E
DUCATION COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive the 
grant under subsection (a), the council shall be an education council (referred to in this section as the ‘Education Council’) that meets the re-quirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Education Council 
shall consist of 15 members, of whom— 
‘‘(A) 1 shall be the President of the University 
of Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(B) 1 shall be the Governor of the State of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(C) 1 shall be the Superintendent of the State 
of Hawaii Department of Education (or a des-ignee); 
‘‘(D) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Office 
of Hawaiian Affairs (or a designee); 
‘‘(E) 1 shall be the executive director of Ha-
waii’s Charter School Network (or a designee); 
‘‘(F) 1 shall be the chief executive officer of 
the Kamehameha Schools (or a designee); 
‘‘(G) 1 shall be the Chief Executive Officer of 
the Queen Liliuokalani Trust (or a designee); 
‘‘(H) 1 shall be appointed by the Secretary, in 
a timely manner, and chosen from a list of 5 in-dividuals who represent one or more private grant-making entities that is submitted to the Secretary by the Education Council; 
‘‘(I) 1 shall be the Mayor of the County of Ha-
waii (or a designee); 
‘‘(J) 1 shall be the Mayor of Maui County (or 
a designee from the Island of Maui); 
‘‘(K) 1 shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Kauai (or a designee); 
‘‘(L) 1 shall be appointed by the Secretary, in 
a timely manner, and chosen from a list of 5 in-dividuals who are from the Island of Molokai or the Island of Lanai that is submitted to the Sec-retary by the Mayor of Maui County; 
‘‘(M) 1 shall be the Mayor of the City and 
County of Honolulu (or a designee); 
‘‘(N) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Hawai-
ian Homes Commission (or a designee); and 
‘‘(O) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Hawaii 
Workforce Development Council (or a designee representing the private sector). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any designee serving on 
the Education Council shall demonstrate, as de-termined by the individual who appointed such designee with input from the Native Hawaiian community, not less than 5 years of experience as a consumer or provider of Native Hawaiian educational or cultural activities, with tradi-tional cultural experience given due consider-ation. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—A member (including a des-
ignee), while serving on the Education Council, shall not be a direct recipient or administrator of grant funds that are awarded under this part. 
‘‘(5) T
ERM OF MEMBERS .—A member who is a 
designee shall serve for a term of not more than 4 years. 
‘‘(6) C
HAIR; VICE CHAIR .— 
‘‘(A) S ELECTION .—The Education Council 
shall select a Chairperson and a Vice Chair-person from among the members of the Edu-
cation Council. 
‘‘(B) T ERM LIMITS .—The Chairperson and 
Vice Chairperson shall each serve for a 2-year term. 
‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS RELATING TO  
EDUCATION COUNCIL .—The Education Council 
shall meet at the call of the Chairperson of the Council, or upon request by a majority of the members of the Education Council, but in any event not less often than every 120 days. 
‘‘(8) N
O COMPENSATION .—None of the funds 
made available through the grant may be used to provide compensation to any member of the Education Council or member of a working group established by the Education Council, for functions described in this section. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COORDINATION AC-
TIVITIES .—The Education Council shall use 
funds made available through a grant under subsection (a) to carry out each of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Providing advice about the coordination 
of, and serving as a clearinghouse for, the edu-cational and related services and programs available to Native Hawaiians, including the programs assisted under this part. 
‘‘(2) Assessing the extent to which such serv-
ices and programs meet the needs of Native Ha-waiians, and collecting data on the status of Native Hawaiian education. 
‘‘(3) Providing direction and guidance, 
through the issuance of reports and rec-ommendations, to appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in order to focus and improve the use of resources, including resources made available under this part, relating to Native Ha-waiian education, and serving, where appro-priate, in an advisory capacity. 
‘‘(4) Awarding grants, if such grants enable 
the Education Council to carry out the activities described in paragraphs (1) through (3). 
‘‘(5) Hiring an executive director, who shall 
assist in executing the duties and powers of the Education Council, as described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE.—The Education Council shall use funds 
made available through a grant under sub-section (a) to— 
‘‘(1) provide technical assistance to Native 
Hawaiian organizations that are grantees or po-tential grantees under this part; 
‘‘(2) obtain from such grantees information 
and data regarding grants awarded under this part, including information and data about— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of such grantees in 
meeting the educational priorities established by 
the Education Council, as described in para-graph (6)(D), using metrics related to these pri-orities; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of such grantees in car-
rying out any of the activities described in para-graph (3) of section 6205(a) that are related to the specific goals and purposes of each grantee’s grant project, using metrics related to these goals and purposes; 
‘‘(3) assess and define the educational needs 
of Native Hawaiians; 
‘‘(4) assess the programs and services avail-
able to address the educational needs of Native Hawaiians; 
‘‘(5) assess and evaluate the individual and 
aggregate impact achieved by grantees under this part in improving Native Hawaiian edu-cational performance and meeting the goals of this part, using metrics related to these goals; and 
‘‘(6) prepare and submit to the Secretary, at 
the end of each calendar year, an annual report that contains— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities of the Edu-
cation Council during the calendar year; 
‘‘(B) a description of significant barriers to 
achieving the goals of this part; 
‘‘(C) a summary of each community consulta-
tion session described in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(D) recommendations to establish priorities 
for funding under this part, based on an assess-ment of— ‘‘(i) the educational needs of Native Hawai-
ians; 
‘‘(ii) programs and services available to ad-
dress such needs; 
‘‘(iii) the effectiveness of programs in improv-
ing the educational performance of Native Ha-waiian students to help such students meet challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(iv) priorities for funding in specific geo-
graphic communities. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COMMUNITY CON-
SULTATIONS .—The Education Council shall use 
funds made available through the grant under subsection (a) to hold not less than 1 community consultation each year on each of the islands of Hawaii, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, Oahu, and Kauai, at which— 
‘‘(1) not fewer than 3 members of the Edu-
cation Council shall be in attendance; 
‘‘(2) the Education Council shall gather com-
munity input regarding— 
‘‘(A) current grantees under this part, as of 
the date of the consultation; 
‘‘(B) priorities and needs of Native Hawai-
ians; and 
‘‘(C) other Native Hawaiian education issues; 
and 
‘‘(3) the Education Council shall report to the 
community on the outcomes of the activities supported by grants awarded under this part. 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year, the Sec-
retary shall use the amount described in section 6205(c)(2), to make a payment under the grant. Funds made available through the grant shall remain available until expended.’’. 
(c) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—Section 6205 (20 
U.S.C. 7515) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (E); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) charter schools; and’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘third grade’’ and inserting 
‘‘grade 3’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘fifth and sixth grade’’ and 
inserting ‘‘grades 5 and 6’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘of 
those students’’ and inserting ‘‘of such stu-dents’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E)(ii), by striking ‘‘stu-
dents’ educational progress’’ and inserting ‘‘educational progress of such students’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (G)(ii), by striking ‘‘con-
centrations’’ and all that follows through ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘high concentrations of Na-tive Hawaiian students to meet the unique needs of such students; and’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (H)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘families’’ and inserting ‘‘students, parents, families,’’; 
(II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘preschool pro-
grams’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood edu-cation programs’’; 
(III) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(ii) before, after, and summer school pro-
grams, expanded learning time, or weekend academies;’’; and 
(IV) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘vocational 
and adult education programs’’ and inserting ‘‘career and technical education programs’’; and 
(vi) by striking clauses (i) through (v) of sub-
paragraph (I) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) family literacy services; and ‘‘(ii) counseling, guidance, and support serv-
ices for students;’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (4); and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘such sums 
as may be necessary for fiscal year 2002 and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8512 November 30, 2015 
each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and in-
serting ‘‘$32,397,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2002 and each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 6207 (20 U.S.C. 7517) 
(as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(6) as paragraphs (2) through (7), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redes-
ignated by paragraph (1), the following: 
‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY CONSULTATION .—The term 
‘community consultation’ means a public gath-ering— 
‘‘(A) to discuss Native Hawaiian education 
concerns; and 
‘‘(B) about which the public has been given 
not less than 30 days notice.’’. 
SEC. 6004. ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 6302 (20 U.S.C. 7542) 
(as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (7) and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘(1) It is the policy of the Federal Government 
to maximize the leadership of and participation by Alaska Natives in the planning and the man-agement of Alaska Native education programs and to support efforts developed by and under-taken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for all stu-dents. 
‘‘(2) Many Alaska Native children enter and 
exit school with serious educational disadvan-tages. 
‘‘(3) Overcoming the magnitude of the geo-
graphic challenges, historical inequities, and other barriers to successfully improving edu-cational outcomes for Alaska Native students in rural, village, and urban settings is challenging. Significant disparities between academic achievement of Alaska Native students and non- Native students continue, including lower grad-uation rates, increased school dropout rates, and lower achievement scores on standardized tests. 
‘‘(4) The preservation of Alaska Native cul-
tures and languages and the integration of Alaska Native cultures and languages into edu-cation, positive identity development for Alaska Native students, and local, place-based, and culture-based programming are critical to the attainment of educational success and the long- term well-being of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(5) Improving educational outcomes for Alas-
ka Native students increases access to employ-ment opportunities. 
‘‘(6) The Federal Government should lend 
support to efforts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for Alaska Native stu-dents. In 1983, pursuant to Public Law 98–63, Alaska ceased to receive educational funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The Bureau of Indian Education does not operate any schools in Alaska, nor operate or fund Alaska Native education programs. The program under this part supports the Federal trust responsi-bility of the United States to Alaska Natives.’’. 
(b) P
URPOSES .—Section 6303 (20 U.S.C. 7543) 
(as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ad-
dress’’ after ‘‘To recognize’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (3); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (4) as 
paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) To recognize the role of Alaska Native 
languages and cultures in the educational suc-cess and long-term well-being of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(3) To integrate Alaska Native cultures and 
languages into education, develop Alaska Na-tive students’ positive identity, and support local place-based and culture-based curriculum 
and programming.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by para-
graph (3), by striking ‘‘of supplemental edu-cational programs to benefit Alaska Natives.’’ and inserting ‘‘, management, and expansion of effective supplemental educational programs to benefit Alaska Natives.’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) To ensure the maximum participation by 
Alaska Native educators and leaders in the planning, development, implementation, man-agement, and evaluation of programs designed to serve Alaska Native students.’’. 
(c) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—Section 6304 (20 
U.S.C. 7544) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6304. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS AND CONTRACTS .—The Secretary 
is authorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with— 
‘‘(A) Alaska Native organizations with experi-
ence operating programs that fulfill the pur-poses of this part; 
‘‘(B) Alaska Native organizations that do not 
have the experience described in subparagraph (A) but are in partnership with— 
‘‘(i) a State educational agency or a local edu-
cational agency; or 
‘‘(ii) an Alaska Native organization that oper-
ates a program that fulfills the purposes of this part; 
‘‘(C) an entity located in Alaska, and pre-
dominately governed by Alaska Natives, that does not meet the definition of an Alaska Native organization under this part but— 
‘‘(i) has experience operating programs that 
fulfill the purposes of this part; and 
‘‘(ii) is granted an official charter or sanction, 
as described in the definition of a tribal organi-zation under section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), from at least one Alaska Native tribe or Alaska Native organization to carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) M
ANDATORY ACTIVITIES .—Activities pro-
vided through the programs carried out under this part shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The development and implementation of 
plans, methods, strategies, and activities to im-prove the educational outcomes of Alaska Na-tives. 
‘‘(B) The collection of data to assist in the 
evaluation of the programs carried out under this part. 
‘‘(3) P
ERMISSIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Activities pro-
vided through programs carried out under this part may include the following: 
‘‘(A) The development of curricula and pro-
grams that address the educational needs of Alaska Native students, including the following: 
‘‘(i) Curriculum materials that are culturally 
informed and reflect the cultural diversity, lan-guages, history, or the contributions of Alaska Native people, including curricula intended to preserve and promote Alaska Native culture. 
‘‘(ii) Instructional programs that make use of 
Alaska Native languages and cultures. 
‘‘(iii) Networks that develop, test, and dissemi-
nate best practices and introduce successful pro-grams, materials, and techniques to meet the educational needs of Alaska Native students in urban and rural schools. 
‘‘(B) Training and professional development 
activities for educators, including the following: 
‘‘(i) Pre-service and in-service training and 
professional development programs to prepare teachers to develop appreciation for, and under-standing of, Alaska Native history, cultures, values, and ways of knowing and learning in order to effectively address the cultural diversity and unique needs of Alaska Native students and improve the teaching methods of educators. 
‘‘(ii) Recruitment and preparation of Alaska 
Native teachers. 
‘‘(iii) Programs that will lead to the certifi-
cation and licensing of Alaska Native teachers, principals, other school leaders, and super-
intendents. 
‘‘(C) Early childhood and parenting education 
activities designed to improve the school readi-ness of Alaska Native children, including— 
‘‘(i) the development and operation of home 
visiting programs for Alaska Native preschool children, to ensure the active involvement of parents in their children’s education from the earliest ages; 
‘‘(ii) training, education, and support, includ-
ing in-home visitation, for parents and care-givers of Alaska Native children to improve par-enting and caregiving skills (including skills re-lating to discipline and cognitive development, reading readiness, observation, storytelling, and critical thinking); 
‘‘(iii) family literacy services; 
‘‘(iv) activities carried out under the Head 
Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.); 
‘‘(v) programs for parents and their infants, 
from the prenatal period of the infant through age 3; 
‘‘(vi) early childhood education programs; and ‘‘(vii) native language immersion within early 
childhood education programs, Head Start, or preschool programs. 
‘‘(D) The development and operation of stu-
dent enrichment programs, including programs in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics that— 
‘‘(i) are designed to prepare Alaska Native 
students to excel in such subjects; 
‘‘(ii) provide appropriate support services to 
enable such students to benefit from the pro-grams; and 
‘‘(iii) include activities that recognize and 
support the unique cultural and educational needs of Alaska Native children and incorporate appropriately qualified Alaska Native elders and other tradition bearers. 
‘‘(E) Research and data collection activities to 
determine the educational status and needs of Alaska Native children and adults and other such research and evaluation activities related to programs funded under this part. 
‘‘(F) Activities designed to enable Alaska Na-
tive students served under this part to meet the challenging State academic standards or in-crease the graduation rates of Alaska Native students, such as— 
‘‘(i) remedial and enrichment programs; ‘‘(ii) culturally based education programs, 
such as— 
‘‘(I) programs of study and other instruction 
in Alaska Native history and ways of living to share the rich and diverse cultures of Alaska Natives among Alaska Native youth and elders, non-Native students and teachers, and the larg-er community; 
‘‘(II) instructing Alaska Native youth in lead-
ership, communication, and Alaska Native cul-ture, arts, history, and languages; 
‘‘(III) intergenerational learning and intern-
ship opportunities to Alaska Native youth and young adults; 
‘‘(IV) providing cultural immersion activities 
aimed at Alaska Native cultural preservation; 
‘‘(V) native language instruction and immer-
sion activities, including native language im-mersion nests or schools; 
‘‘(VI) school-within-a-school model programs; 
and 
‘‘(VII) preparation for postsecondary edu-
cation and career planning; and 
‘‘(iii) comprehensive school or community- 
based support services, including services that— 
‘‘(I) address family instability and trauma; 
and 
‘‘(II) improve conditions for learning at home, 
in the community, and at school. 
‘‘(G) Student and teacher exchange programs, 
cross-cultural immersion programs, and culture camps designed to build mutual respect and un-derstanding among participants. 
‘‘(H) Education programs for at-risk urban 
Alaska Native students that are designed to im-prove academic proficiency and graduation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8513 November 30, 2015 
rates, use strategies otherwise permissible under 
this part, and incorporate a strong data collec-tion and continuous evaluation component. 
‘‘(I) Strategies designed to increase the in-
volvement of parents in their children’s edu-cation. 
‘‘(J) Programs and strategies that increase 
connections between and among schools, fami-lies, and communities, including positive youth- adult relationships, to— 
‘‘(i) promote the academic progress and posi-
tive development of Alaska Native children and youth; and 
‘‘(ii) improve conditions for learning at home, 
in the community, and at school. 
‘‘(K) Career preparation activities to enable 
Alaska Native children and adults to prepare for meaningful employment, including programs providing tech-prep, mentoring, training, and apprenticeship activities. 
‘‘(L) Support for the development and oper-
ational activities of regional vocational schools in rural areas of Alaska to provide students with necessary resources to prepare for skilled employment opportunities. 
‘‘(M) Regional leadership academies that dem-
onstrate effectiveness in building respect and understanding, and fostering a sense of Alaska Native identity in Alaska Native students to promote their pursuit of and success in com-pleting higher education or career training. 
‘‘(N) Other activities, consistent with the pur-
poses of this part, to meet the educational needs of Alaska Native children and adults. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $31,453,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .—Section 6305 
(20 U.S.C. 7545) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6305. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
‘‘Not more than 5 percent of funds provided to 
an award recipient under this part for any fis-cal year may be used for administrative pur-poses.’’. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 6306 (20 U.S.C. 7546) 
(as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(43 U.S.C. 
1602(b)) and includes the descendants of indi-viduals so defined’’ after ‘‘Settlement Act’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(2) A
LASKA NATIVE ORGANIZATION .—The term 
‘Alaska Native organization’ means an organi-zation that has or commits to acquire expertise in the education of Alaska Natives and is— 
‘‘(A) an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4 of 
the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), that is an In-dian tribe located in Alaska; 
‘‘(B) a ‘tribal organization’, as defined in sec-
tion 4 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), that is a trib-al organization located in Alaska; or 
‘‘(C) an organization listed in clauses (i) 
through (xii) of section 419(4)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 619(4)(B)(i) through (xii)), or the successor of an entity so listed.’’. 
SEC. 6005. REPORT ON NATIVE AMERICAN LAN-
GUAGE MEDIUM EDUCATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) I NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(3) N
ATIVE AMERICAN ; NATIVE AMERICAN LAN -
GUAGE .—The terms ‘‘Native American’’ and 
‘‘Native American language’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act of 1990 (25 U.S.C. 2902). 
(4) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘State educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(b) S TUDY .—By not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Sec-retary of the Interior, shall— 
(1) conduct a study to evaluate all levels of 
education being provided primarily through the medium of Native American languages; and 
(2) report on the findings of such study. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study 
conducted under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consult with— 
(1) institutions of higher education that con-
duct Native American language immersion pro-grams, including teachers of such programs; 
(2) State educational agencies and local edu-
cational agencies; 
(3) Indian tribes and tribal organizations, as 
such terms are defined by section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) that sponsor Native Amer-ican language immersion schools; and 
(4) experts in the fields of Native American or 
Alaska Native language and Native American language medium education, including scholars who are fluent in Native American languages. 
(d) S
COPE OF STUDY .—The study conducted 
under subsection (b) shall evaluate the compo-nents, policies, and practices of successful Na-tive American language immersion schools and programs, including— 
(1) the level of expertise in educational peda-
gogy, Native American language fluency, and experience of the principal, teachers, para-professionals, and other educational staff; 
(2) how such schools and programs are using 
Native American languages to provide instruc-tion in reading, language arts, mathematics, science, and, as applicable, other academic sub-jects; 
(3) how such schools and programs assess the 
academic proficiency of the students, includ-ing— 
(A) whether the school administers assess-
ments of language arts, mathematics, science, and other academic subjects in the Native Amer-ican language of instruction; 
(B) whether the school administers assess-
ments of language arts, mathematics, science, and other academic subjects in English; and 
(C) how the standards measured by the assess-
ments in the Native American language of in-struction and in English compare; and 
(4) the academic outcomes, graduation rate, 
and other outcomes of students who have com-pleted the highest grade taught primarily through such schools or programs, including, when available, college attendance rates com-pared with demographically similar students who did not attend a school in which the lan-guage of instruction was a Native American lan-guage. 
(e) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall— 
(1) develop a report that includes findings and 
conclusions regarding the study conducted under subsection (b), including recommenda-tions for such legislative and administrative ac-tions as the Secretary of Education considers to be appropriate; 
(2) consult with the entities described in sub-
section (c) in reviewing such findings and con-clusions; and 
(3) submit the report described in paragraph 
(1) to each of the following: 
(A) The Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(B) The Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives. 
(C) The Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate. 
(D) The Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and 
Alaska Native Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 6006. REPORT ON RESPONSES TO INDIAN 
STUDENT SUICIDES. 
(a) P REPARATION .— (1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Education, 
in coordination with the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall prepare a report on efforts to ad-dress outbreaks of suicides among elementary school and secondary school students (referred to in this section as ‘‘student suicides’’) that oc-curred within 1 year prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act in Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in para-
graph (1) shall include information on— 
(A) the Federal response to the occurrence of 
high numbers of student suicides in Indian country (as so defined); 
(B) a list of Federal resources available to pre-
vent and respond to outbreaks of student sui-cides, including the availability and use of tele- behavioral health care; 
(C) any barriers to timely implementation of 
programs or interagency collaboration regarding student suicides; 
(D) interagency collaboration efforts to 
streamline access to programs regarding student suicides, including information on how the De-partment of Education, the Department of the Interior, and the Department of Health and Human Services work together on administra-tion of such programs; 
(E) recommendations to improve or consolidate 
resources or programs described in subpara-graph (B) or (D); and 
(F) feedback from Indian tribes to the Federal 
response described in subparagraph (A). 
(b) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall submit the report described in subsection (a) to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
TITLE VII—IMPACT AID 
SEC. 7001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) I MPACT AIDIMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2012.— 
Section 563(c) of National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 1748; 20 U.S.C. 6301 note) (also known as the ‘‘Impact Aid Improvement Act of 2012’’), as amended by section 563 of division A of Public Law 113–291, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (4); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3), as 
paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. 
(b) R
EPEAL .—Section 309 of division H of the 
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note) is repealed. 
(c) T
ITLE VII R EDESIGNATIONS .—Title VIII (20 
U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) is redesignated as title VII and further amended— 
(1) by redesignating sections 8001 through 8005 
as sections 7001 through 7005, respectively; and 
(2) by redesignating sections 8007 through 8014 
as sections 7007 through 7014, respectively. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title VII (as 
redesignated by subsection (c) of this section) is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘section 8002’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘section 7002’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘section 8003’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘section 7003’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘section 8003(a)(1)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 7003(a)(1)’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘section 8003(a)(1)(C)’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 7003(a)(1)(C)’’; 
(5) by striking ‘‘section 8003(a)(2)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 7003(a)(2)’’; 
(6) by striking ‘‘section 8003(b)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 7003(b)’’; 
(7) by striking ‘‘section 8003(b)(1)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 7003(b)(1)’’; 
(8) by striking ‘‘section 8003(b)(2)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 7003(b)(2)’’; 
(9) by striking ‘‘section 8014(a)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 7014(a)’’; 
(10) by striking ‘‘section 8014(b)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 7014(b)’’; and 
(11) by striking ‘‘section 8014(e)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 7014(d)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8514 November 30, 2015 
SEC. 7002. PURPOSE. 
Section 7001, as redesignated by section 7001 
of this Act, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘challenging State standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the same challenging State academic standards’’. 
SEC. 7003. PAYMENTS RELATING TO FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 7002, as redesignated and amended by 
section 7001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking the 
matter preceding clause (i) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(C) had an assessed value according to origi-
nal records (including facsimiles or other repro-ductions of those records) documenting the as-sessed value of such property (determined as of the time or times when so acquired) prepared by the local officials referred to in subsection (b)(3) or, when such original records are not available due to unintentional destruction (such as nat-ural disaster, fire, flooding, pest infestation, or deterioration due to age), other records, includ-ing Federal agency records, local historical records, or other records that the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate and reliable, aggre-gating 10 percent or more of the assessed value of—’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(C) by striking ‘‘section 
8003(b)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7003(b)(1)(C)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-
graph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—In the case of Federal 
property eligible under this section that is with-in the boundaries of 2 or more local educational agencies that are eligible under this section, any of such agencies may ask the Secretary to cal-culate (and the Secretary shall calculate) the taxable value of the eligible Federal property that is within its boundaries by— 
‘‘(i) first calculating the per-acre value of the 
eligible Federal property separately for each eli-gible local educational agency that shared the Federal property, as provided in subparagraph (A)(ii); 
‘‘(ii) then averaging the resulting per-acre 
values of the eligible Federal property from each eligible local educational agency that shares the Federal property; and 
‘‘(iii) then applying the average per-acre 
value to determine the total taxable value of the eligible Federal property under subparagraph (A)(iii) for the requesting local educational agency.’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘For each fiscal year beginning on or after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, the Secretary shall treat local educational agencies chartered in 1871 having more than 70 percent of the county in Federal ownership as meeting the eligibility re-quirements of subparagraphs (A) and (C) of sub-section (a)(1).’’; 
(4) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—For each fiscal year be-
ginning on or after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, a local educational agency shall be deemed to meet the requirements of subsection (a)(1)(C) if the agency was eligible under paragraph (1) or (3) of section 8002(f) as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act.’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (g) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(g) F
ORMER DISTRICTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSOLIDATIONS .—For fiscal year 2006 
and each succeeding fiscal year, if a local edu-cational agency described in paragraph (2) is formed at any time after 1938 by the consolida-tion of 2 or more former school districts, the local educational agency may elect to have the Secretary determine its eligibility for assistance under this section for any fiscal year on the basis of 1 or more of those former districts, as designated by the local educational agency. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—A local educational agency referred to in 
paragraph (1) is— 
‘‘(A) any local educational agency that, for 
fiscal year 1994 or any preceding fiscal year, ap-plied, and was determined to be eligible under, section 2(c) of the Act of September 30, 1950 (Public Law 874, 81st Congress) as that section was in effect for that fiscal year; or 
‘‘(B) a local educational agency— ‘‘(i) that was formed by the consolidation of 2 
or more districts, at least 1 of which was eligible for assistance under this section for the fiscal year preceding the year of the consolidation; and 
‘‘(ii) which includes the designation referred 
to in paragraph (1) in its application under sec-tion 7005 for a fiscal year beginning on or after the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act or any timely amendment to such ap-plication. 
‘‘(3) A
MOUNT .—A local educational agency el-
igible under paragraph (1) shall receive a foun-dation payment as provided for under subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of subsection (h)(1), except that the foundation payment shall be calculated based on the most recent payment received by the local educational agency based on its status prior to consolidation.’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)(4), by striking ‘‘For each 
local educational agency that received a pay-ment under this section for fiscal year 2010 through the fiscal year in which the Impact Aid Improvement Act of 2012 is enacted’’ and insert-ing ‘‘For each local educational agency that re-ceived a payment under this section for fiscal year 2010 or any succeeding fiscal year’’; 
(7) by repealing subsections (k) and (m); (8) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-
section (j); 
(9) in subsection (j) (as redesignated by para-
graph (8)), by striking ‘‘(h)(4)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(h)(2)’’; 
(10) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-
section (k); and 
(11) in subsection (k)(1) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (10)), by striking ‘‘section 8013(5)(C)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7013(5)(C)(iii)’’. 
SEC. 7004. PAYMENTS FOR ELIGIBLE FEDERALLY 
CONNECTED CHILDREN. 
Section 7003, as redesignated and amended by 
section 7001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘to be 
children’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘or under lease of off-base property under subchapter IV of chap-ter 169 of title 10, United States Code, to be chil-dren described under paragraph (1)(B), if the property described is— 
‘‘(i) within the fenced security perimeter of 
the military facility; or 
‘‘(ii) attached to, and under any type of force 
protection agreement with, the military installa-tion upon which such housing is situated.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (E); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respectively; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graphs (B) through (H) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR HEAVILY IMPACTED  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A heavily impacted local 
educational agency is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) with respect to a number of children determined under subsection (a)(1) if the agency— 
‘‘(I) is a local educational agency— ‘‘(aa) whose boundaries are the same as a 
Federal military installation or an island prop-erty designated by the Secretary of the Interior to be property that is held in trust by the Fed-eral Government; and 
‘‘(bb) that has no taxing authority; ‘‘(II) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children described 
in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percent-age of the total student enrollment of the agen-cy that is not less than 45 percent; 
‘‘(bb) has a per-pupil expenditure that is less 
than— 
‘‘(AA) for an agency that has a total student 
enrollment of 500 or more students, 125 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located; or 
‘‘(BB) for any agency that has a total student 
enrollment of less than 500 students, 150 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average per-pupil expenditure of 3 or more comparable local educational agencies in the State in which the agency is located; and 
‘‘(cc) is an agency that has a tax rate for gen-
eral fund purposes that is not less than 95 per-cent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agen-cies in the State; 
‘‘(III) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has a tax rate for general fund purposes 
which is not less than 125 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes for com-parable local educational agencies in the State; and 
‘‘(bb)(AA) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 30 percent; or 
‘‘(BB) has an enrollment of children described 
in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percent-age of the total student enrollment of the agen-cy that is not less than 20 percent, and for the 3 fiscal years preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made, the average enroll-ment of children who are not described in sub-section (a)(1) and who are eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 65 percent; 
‘‘(IV) is a local educational agency that has a 
total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which— 
‘‘(aa) not less than 50 percent are children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1); and 
‘‘(bb) not less than 5,000 of such children are 
children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(V) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children described 
in subsection (a)(1) including, for purposes of determining eligibility, those children described in subparagraphs (F) and (G) of such sub-section, that is not less than 35 percent of the total student enrollment of the agency; 
‘‘(bb) has a per-pupil expenditure described in 
subclause (II)(bb) (except that a local edu-cational agency with a total student enrollment of less than 350 students shall be deemed to have satisfied such per-pupil expenditure require-ment) and has a tax rate for general fund pur-poses which is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes for comparable local educational agencies in the State; and 
‘‘(cc) was eligible to receive assistance under 
subparagraph (A) for fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘(ii) L
OSS OF ELIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), a 
heavily impacted local educational agency that met the requirements of clause (i) for a fiscal year shall be ineligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) if the agency fails to meet the requirements of clause (i) for a subsequent fiscal year, except that such agency shall continue to receive a basic support pay-ment under this paragraph for the fiscal year for which the ineligibility determination is made. 
‘‘(II) L
OSS OF ELIGIBILITY DUE TO FALLING  
BELOW 95 PERCENT OF THE AVERAGE TAX RATE  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .—In the case of a 
heavily impacted local educational agency de-scribed in subclause (II) or (V) of clause (i) that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8515 November 30, 2015 
is eligible to receive a basic support payment 
under subparagraph (A), but that has had, for 2 consecutive fiscal years, a tax rate for general fund purposes that falls below 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State, such agency shall be determined to be in-eligible under clause (i) and ineligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) for each fiscal year succeeding such 2 con-secutive fiscal years for which the agency has such a tax rate for general fund purposes, and until the fiscal year for which the agency re-sumes such eligibility in accordance with clause (iii). 
‘‘(III) T
AKEN OVER BY STATE BOARD OF EDU -
CATION .—In the case of a heavily impacted local 
educational agency that is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A), but that has been taken over by a State board of education in any 2 previous years, such agen-cy shall be deemed to maintain heavily impacted status for 2 fiscal years following the date of en-actment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
‘‘(iii) R
ESUMPTION OF ELIGIBILITY .—A heavily 
impacted local educational agency described in clause (i) that becomes ineligible under such clause for 1 or more fiscal years may resume eli-gibility for a basic support payment under this paragraph for a subsequent fiscal year only if the agency meets the requirements of clause (i) for that subsequent fiscal year, except that such agency shall not receive a basic support pay-ment under this paragraph until the fiscal year succeeding the fiscal year for which the eligi-bility determination is made. 
‘‘(C) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT FOR HEAVILY IM -
PACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (D), the maximum amount that a heavily impacted local educational agency is eli-gible to receive under this paragraph for any fiscal year is the sum of the total weighted stu-dent units, as computed under subsection (a)(2) and subject to clause (ii), multiplied by the greater of— 
‘‘(I) four-fifths of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure of the State in which the local edu-cational agency is located for the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the de-termination is made; or 
‘‘(II) four-fifths of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure of all of the States for the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the de-termination is made. 
‘‘(ii) C
ALCULATION OF WEIGHTED STUDENT  
UNITS .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(aa) P ERCENTAGE ENROLLMENT .—For a local 
educational agency in which 35 percent or more of the total student enrollment of the schools of the agency are children described in subpara-
graph (D) or (E) (or a combination thereof) of subsection (a)(1), and that has an enrollment of children described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of such subsection equal to at least 10 per-cent of the agency’s total enrollment, the Sec-retary shall calculate the weighted student units of those children described in subpara-graph (D) or (E) of such subsection by multi-plying the number of such children by a factor of 0.55. 
‘‘(bb) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding item (aa), 
a local educational agency that received a pay-ment under this paragraph for fiscal year 2013 shall not be required to have an enrollment of children described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (a)(1) equal to at least 10 per-cent of the agency’s total enrollment and shall be eligible for the student weight as provided for in item (aa). 
‘‘(II) E
NROLLMENT OF 100 OR FEWER CHIL -
DREN .—For a local educational agency that has 
an enrollment of 100 or fewer children described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall cal-culate the total number of weighted student units for purposes of subsection (a)(2) by multi-plying the number of such children by a factor of 1.75. ‘‘(III) E
NROLLMENT OF MORE THAN 100 CHIL -
DREN BUT LESS THAN 1000 .—For a local edu-
cational agency that is not described under sub-paragraph (B)(i)(I) and has an enrollment of more than 100 but not more than 1,000 children described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall calculate the total number of weighted stu-dent units for purposes of subsection (a)(2) by multiplying the number of such children by a factor of 1.25. 
‘‘(D) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT FOR LARGE HEAVILY  
IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(I) F ORMULA .—Subject to clause (ii), the 
maximum amount that a heavily impacted local educational agency described in subclause (II) is eligible to receive under this paragraph for any fiscal year shall be determined in accordance with the formula described in paragraph (1)(C). 
‘‘(II) H
EAVILY IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCY .—A heavily impacted local educational 
agency described in this subclause is a local educational agency that has a total student en-rollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which not less than 50 percent are children de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) and not less than 5,000 of such children are children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(ii) F
ACTOR .—For purposes of calculating the 
maximum amount described in clause (i), the factor used in determining the weighted student units under subsection (a)(2) with respect to children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1) shall be 1.35. 
‘‘(E) D
ATA.—For purposes of providing assist-
ance under this paragraph, the Secretary shall use student, revenue, expenditure, and tax data from the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the local educational agency is applying for assistance under this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) D
ETERMINATION OF AVERAGE TAX RATES  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), for the purpose of determining the average tax rates for general fund purposes for local educational agencies in a State under this paragraph, the Secretary shall use either— 
‘‘(I) the average tax rate for general fund pur-
poses for comparable local educational agencies, as determined by the Secretary in regulations; or 
‘‘(II) the average tax rate of all the local edu-
cational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(ii) F
ISCAL YEARS 2010 –2015.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For fiscal years 2010 
through 2015, any local educational agency that was found ineligible to receive a payment under subparagraph (A) because the Secretary deter-mined that it failed to meet the average tax rate requirement for general fund purposes in sub-paragraph (B)(i)(II)(cc), shall be considered to have met that requirement, if its State deter-mined, through an alternate calculation of aver-age tax rates for general fund purposes, that such local educational agency met that require-ment. 
‘‘(II) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS AFTER 2015 .— 
For any succeeding fiscal year after 2015, any local educational agency identified in subclause (I) may continue to have its State use that alter-nate methodology to calculate whether the aver-age tax rate requirement for general fund pur-poses under subparagraph (B)(i)(II)(cc) is met. 
‘‘(III) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law limiting the period during which the Secretary may obligate funds appropriated for any fiscal year after 2012, the Secretary shall reserve a total of $14,000,000 from funds that remain unobligated under this section from fiscal years 2015 or 2016 in order to make payments under this clause for fiscal years 2011 through 2014. 
‘‘(G) E
LIGIBILITY FOR HEAVILY IMPACTED  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES AFFECTED BY PRI -
VATIZATION OF MILITARY HOUSING .— 
‘‘(i) E LIGIBILITY .—For any fiscal year, a heav-
ily impacted local educational agency that re-ceived a basic support payment under this para-graph for the prior fiscal year, but is ineligible 
for such payment for the current fiscal year under subparagraph (B) due to the conversion of military housing units to private housing de-scribed in clause (iii), or as the direct result of base realignment and closure or modularization as determined by the Secretary of Defense and force structure change or force relocation, shall be deemed to meet the eligibility requirements under subparagraph (B) for the period during which the housing units are undergoing such conversion or during such time as activities as-sociated with base closure and realignment, modularization, force structure change, or force relocation are ongoing. 
‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .—The amount of a 
payment to a heavily impacted local educational agency for a fiscal year by reason of the appli-cation of clause (i), and calculated in accord-ance with subparagraph (C) or (D), as the case may be, shall be based on the number of chil-dren in average daily attendance in the schools of such agency for the fiscal year and under the same provisions of subparagraph (C) or (D) under which the agency was paid during the prior fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONVERSION OF MILITARY HOUSING UNITS  
TO PRIVATE HOUSING DESCRIBED .—For purposes 
of clause (i), ‘conversion of military housing units to private housing’ means the conversion of military housing units to private housing units pursuant to subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, or pursuant to any other related provision of law.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause 
(iii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a local educational agency 
providing a free public education to students en-rolled in kindergarten through grade 12, that enrolls students described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) of subsection (a)(1) only in grades 9 through 12, and that received a final payment for fiscal year 2009 calculated under section 8003(b)(3) (as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act) for students in grades 9 through 12, the Secretary shall, in calculating the agency’s payment, consider only that por-tion of such agency’s total enrollment of stu-dents in grades 9 through 12 when calculating the percentage under clause (i)(I) and only that portion of the total current expenditures attrib-uted to the operation of grades 9 through 12 in such agency when calculating the percentage under clause (i)(II).’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E) of paragraph (2), as the case may be’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D) of paragraph (2), as the case may be’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (D) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(D) R
ATABLE DISTRIBUTION .—For fiscal years 
described in subparagraph (A), for which the sums available exceed the amount required to pay each local educational agency 100 percent of its threshold payment, the Secretary shall distribute the excess sums to each eligible local 
educational agency that has not received its full amount computed under paragraphs (1) or (2) (as the case may be) by multiplying— 
‘‘(i) a percentage, the denominator of which is 
the difference between the full amount com-puted under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for all local educational agencies and the amount of the threshold payment (as cal-culated under subparagraphs (B) and (C)) of all local educational agencies, and the numerator of which is the aggregate of the excess sums, by 
‘‘(ii) the difference between the full amount 
computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for the agency and the amount of the threshold payment (as calculated under sub-paragraphs (B) or (C)) of the agency, except that no local educational agency shall receive more than 100 percent of the maximum payment calculated under subparagraph (C) or (D) of paragraph (2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8516 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(E) I NSUFFICIENT PAYMENTS .—For each fiscal 
year described in subparagraph (A) for which the sums appropriated are insufficient to pay each local educational agency all of the local educational agency’s threshold payment de-scribed in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall ratably reduce the payment to each local edu-cational agency under this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) I
NCREASES .— 
‘‘(i) I NCREASES BASED ON INSUFFICIENT  
FUNDS .—If additional funds become available 
under 7014(b) for making payments under para-graphs (1) and (2) and those funds are not suffi-cient to increase each local educational agency’s threshold payment above 100 percent of its threshold payment described in subparagraph (B), payments that were reduced under sub-paragraph (E) shall be increased by the Sec-retary on the same basis as such payments were reduced. 
‘‘(ii) I
NCREASES BASED ON SUFFICIENT FUNDS .— 
If additional funds become available under sec-tion 7014(b) for making payments under para-graphs (1) and (2) and those funds are sufficient to increase each local educational agency’s threshold payment above 100 percent of its threshold payment described in subparagraph (B), the payment for each local educational agency shall be 100 percent of its threshold pay-ment. The Secretary shall then distribute the ex-cess sums to each eligible local educational agency in accordance with subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(G) P
ROVISION OF TAX RATE AND RESULTING  
PERCENTAGE .—As soon as practicable following 
the payment of funds under paragraph (2) to an eligible local educational agency, the Secretary shall provide the local educational agency with a description of— 
‘‘(i) the tax rate of the local educational agen-
cy; and 
‘‘(ii) the percentage such tax rate represents 
of the average tax rate for general fund pur-poses of comparable local educational agencies in the State as determined under subclauses (II)(cc), III(aa), or (V)(bb) of paragraph (2)(B)(i) (as the case may be).’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘through 
(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (C)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (C) or (D)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph (2) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Calculation of payments for 
a local educational agency shall be based on data from the fiscal year for which the agency is making an application for payment if such agency— 
‘‘(A) is newly established by a State, for the 
first year of operation of such agency only; 
‘‘(B) was eligible to receive a payment under 
this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an overall increase in enrollment (as deter-mined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Inte-rior, or the heads of other Federal agencies)— 
‘‘(i)(I) of not less than 10 percent of children 
described in— 
‘‘(aa) subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D) of 
subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(bb) subparagraphs (F) and (G) of subsection 
(a)(1), but only to the extent that such children are civilian dependents of employees of the De-partment of Defense or the Department of the Interior; or 
‘‘(II) of not less than 100 of such children; and ‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of closure or re-
alignment of military installations under the base closure process or the relocation of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as part of the force structure changes or movements of units or per-sonnel between military installations or because of actions initiated by the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the head of another Federal agency; or 
‘‘(C) was eligible to receive a payment under 
this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an increase in enrollment (as determined by 
the Secretary)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) or not less than 100 of such children; and 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of the closure of 
a local educational agency that received a pay-ment under subsection (b)(1) or (b)(2) for the previous fiscal year.’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7014(c)’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(B) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any local 
educational agency eligible to receive a payment under subsection (b) whose calculated payment amount for a fiscal year is reduced by 20 per-cent, as compared to the amount received for the previous fiscal year, the Secretary shall pay the local educational agency, for the year of the re-duction and the following 2 years, the amount determined under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—Subject to para-
graph (3), A local educational agency described in paragraph (1) shall receive— 
‘‘(A) for the first year for which the reduced 
payment is determined, an amount that is not less than 90 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under sub-section (b) for the previous fiscal year; 
‘‘(B) for the second year following such reduc-
tion, an amount that is not less than 85 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) for the third year following such reduc-
tion, an amount that is not less than 80 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—For any fiscal year for 
which a local educational agency would receive a payment under subsection (b) in excess of the amount determined under paragraph (2), the payment received by the local educational agen-cy for such fiscal year shall be calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b).’’; and 
(6) by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 7005. POLICIES AND PROCEDURES RELAT-
ING TO CHILDREN RESIDING ON IN-DIAN LANDS. 
Section 7004(e)(9), as redesignated and amend-
ed by section 7001 of this Act, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘Affairs’’ both places the term appears and inserting ‘‘Education’’. 
SEC. 7006. APPLICATION FOR PAYMENTS UNDER 
SECTIONS 7002 AND 7003. 
Section 7005, as redesignated and amended by 
section 7001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ 8002 
AND 8003 ’’ and inserting ‘‘ 7002 AND 7003 ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘or 8003’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘or 7003’’; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘, and shall contain such informa-tion,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 8004’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 7004’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
8003(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7003(e)’’; 
SEC. 7007. CONSTRUCTION. 
Section 7007, as redesignated and amended by 
section 7001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (i) by redesignating the first subclause (II) as 
subclause (I); 
(ii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘section 
8008(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7008(a)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 
8013(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7013(3)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)(C)(i)(I), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(cc) Not less than 10 percent of the property 
acreage in the agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and (B) in paragraph (6)— 
(i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘, in such manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘and in such manner’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and con-taining such additional information as may be necessary to meet any award criteria for a grant under this subsection as provided by any other Act’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (F). 
SEC. 7008. FACILITIES. 
Section 7008(a), as redesignated by section 
7001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘section 8014(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7014(e)’’. 
SEC. 7009. STATE CONSIDERATION OF PAYMENTS 
IN PROVIDING STATE AID. 
Section 7009, as redesignated and amended by 
section 7001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘section 8011(a)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 7011(a)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘or 8003(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘or 
7003(b)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 8003(a)(2)(B)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 7003(a)(2)(B)’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘and 
contain the information’’ and inserting ‘‘that’’ after ‘‘form’’. 
SEC. 7010. FEDERAL ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 7010, as redesignated and amended by 
section 7001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the paragraph head-
ing, by striking ‘‘
8003(a)(1)’’ and inserting 
‘‘7003(a)(1)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘section 
8009(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7009(b)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
8014’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7014’’. 
SEC. 7011. ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS AND JU-
DICIAL REVIEW. 
Section 7011(a), as redesignated by section 
7001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or under the Act’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1994)’’. 
SEC. 7012. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 7013, as redesignated by section 7001 
of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and Marine 
Corps’’ and inserting ‘‘Marine Corps, and Coast Guard’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and title 
VI’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5)(A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking subclause (III) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(III) conveyed at any time under the Alaska 
Native Claims Settlement Act to a Native indi-vidual, Native group, or village or regional cor-poration (including single family occupancy properties that may have been subsequently sold or leased to a third party), except that property that is conveyed under such Act— 
‘‘(aa) that is not taxed is, for the purposes of 
this paragraph, considered tax-exempt due to Federal law; and 
‘‘(bb) is considered Federal property for the 
purpose of this paragraph if the property is lo-cated within a Regional Educational Attend-ance Area that has no taxing power;’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii)— (i) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘Stewart B. 
McKinney Homeless Assistance Act’’ and insert-ing ‘‘McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411)’’; and 
(ii) by striking subclause (III) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(III) used for affordable housing assisted 
under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.); or’’. 
SEC. 7013. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 7014, as amended and redesignated by 
section 7001 of this Act, is further amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8517 November 30, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$32,000,000 
for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$66,813,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2019, and $71,997,917 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘$809,400,000 
for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,151,233,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $1,240,572,618 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 8003(d)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 7003(d)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$50,000,000 for fiscal year 2000 
and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$48,316,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $52,065,487 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(5) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by para-
graph (4))— 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 8007’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 7007’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$10,052,000 for fiscal year 2000 
and such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2001, $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2002, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the five succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,406,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $18,756,765 for fiscal year 2020’’; and 
(6) in subsection (e) (as redesignated by para-
graph (4))— 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 8008’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 7008’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for fiscal year 2000 
and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,835,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $5,210,213 for fiscal year 2020’’. 
TITLE VIII—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 8001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ITLE IX R EDESIGNATIONS .—Title IX (20 
U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) (as amended by sections 2001 and 4001 of this Act) is redesignated as title VIII and further amended— 
(1) by redesignating sections 9101 through 9103 
as sections 8101 through 8103, respectively; 
(2) by redesignating sections 9201 through 9204 
as sections 8201 through 8204, respectively; 
(3) by redesignating sections 9301 through 9306 
as sections 8301 through 8306, respectively; 
(4) by redesignating section 9401 as section 
8401; 
(5) by redesignating sections 9501 through 9506 
as sections 8501 through 8506, respectively; 
(6) by redesignating sections 9521 through 9537 
as sections 8521 through 8537, respectively; 
(7) by redesignating sections 9541 through 9548 
as sections 8551 through 8558, respectively; 
(8) by redesignating section 9551 as 8561; (9) by redesignating sections 9561 through 9564 
as sections 8571 through 8574, respectively; and 
(10) by redesignating section 9601 as section 
8601. 
(b) S
TRUCTURAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Title VIII (as redesignated by sub-
section (a) of this section) is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating parts E and F as parts F 
and G, respectively; 
(2) by striking ‘‘9305’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘8305’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘9302’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘8302’’; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘9501’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘8501’’. 
SEC. 8002. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 8101, as redesignated and amended by 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (3), (11), (19), (23), 
(35), (36), (37), and (42); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), 
(7), (8), (9), (10), (12), (13), (14), (15), (16), (17), (18), (20), (21), (22), (24), (25), (26), (27), (28), (29), (30), (31), (32), (33), (34), (38), (39), (41), and (43) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), 
(10), (11), (12), (13), (14), (18), (19), (24), (26), (27), (29), (20), (30), (31), (34), (35), (36), (38), (39), (41), (42), (45), (46), (49), and (50), respec-tively, and by transferring such paragraph (20) (as so redesignated) so as to follow such para-graph (19) (as so redesignated); 
(3) by striking paragraphs (11) and (12) (as so 
redesignated by paragraph (2)) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(11) C
OVERED PROGRAM .—The term ‘covered 
program’ means each of the programs author-ized by— 
‘‘(A) part A of title I; ‘‘(B) part C of title I; ‘‘(C) part D of title I; ‘‘(D) part A of title II; ‘‘(E) part A of title III; ‘‘(F) part A of title IV; 
‘‘(G) part B of title IV; and ‘‘(H) subpart 2 of part B of title V. ‘‘(12) C
URRENT EXPENDITURES .—The term ‘cur-
rent expenditures’ means expenditures for free public education— 
‘‘(A) including expenditures for administra-
tion, instruction, attendance and health serv-ices, pupil transportation services, operation and maintenance of plant, fixed charges, and net expenditures to cover deficits for food serv-ices and student body activities; but 
‘‘(B) not including expenditures for commu-
nity services, capital outlay, and debt service, or any expenditures made from funds received under title I.’’; 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (14) (as so re-
designated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
‘‘(15) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘dual or concurrent enrollment 
program’ means a program offered by a partner-ship between at least one institution of higher education and at least one local educational agency through which a secondary school stu-dent who has not graduated from high school with a regular high school diploma is able to en-roll in one or more postsecondary courses and earn postsecondary credit that— 
‘‘(A) is transferable to the institutions of high-
er education in the partnership; and 
‘‘(B) applies toward completion of a degree or 
recognized educational credential as described in the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
‘‘(16) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘early childhood education 
program’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘‘(17) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL .—The term 
‘early college high school’ means a partnership between at least one local educational agency and at least one institution of higher education that allows participants to simultaneously com-plete requirements toward earning a regular high school diploma and earn not less than 12 credits that are transferable to the institutions of higher education in the partnership as part of an organized course of study toward a post-secondary degree or credential at no cost to the participant or participant’s family.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (20) (as so redesignated and 
transferred by paragraph (2))— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘L
IMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT ’’ and inserting 
‘‘ENGLISH LEARNER ’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘limited English proficient’’ and in-serting ‘‘English learner’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D)(i), by striking 
‘‘State’s proficient level of achievement on State assessments described in section 1111(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic stand-ards’’; 
(6) by inserting after paragraph (20) (as so re-
designated and transferred by paragraph (2)), the following: 
‘‘(21) E
VIDENCE -BASED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the term ‘evidence-based’, when used with respect to a State, local educational 
agency, or school activity, means an activity, strategy, or intervention that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrates a statistically significant ef-
fect on improving student outcomes or other rel-evant outcomes based on— 
‘‘(I) strong evidence from at least 1 well-de-
signed and well-implemented experimental study; 
‘‘(II) moderate evidence from at least 1 well- 
designed and well-implemented quasi-experi-mental study; or 
‘‘(III) promising evidence from at least 1 well- 
designed and well-implemented correlational study with statistical controls for selection bias; or 
‘‘(ii)(I) demonstrates a rationale based on 
high-quality research findings or positive eval-uation that such activity, strategy, or interven-tion is likely to improve student outcomes or other relevant outcomes; and 
‘‘(II) includes ongoing efforts to examine the 
effects of such activity, strategy, or interven-tion. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITION FOR SPECIFIC ACTIVITIES  
FUNDED UNDER THIS ACT .—When used with re-
spect to interventions or improvement activities or strategies funded under section 1003, the term ‘evidence-based’ means a State, local edu-cational agency, or school activity, strategy, or intervention that meets the requirements of sub-clause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(i). 
‘‘(22) E
XPANDED LEARNING TIME .—The term 
‘expanded learning time’ means using a longer school day, week, or year schedule to signifi-cantly increase the total number of school hours, in order to include additional time for— 
‘‘(A) activities and instruction for enrichment 
as part of a well-rounded education; and 
‘‘(B) instructional and support staff to col-
laborate, plan, and engage in professional de-velopment (including professional development on family and community engagement) within and across grades and subjects. 
‘‘(23) E
XTENDED -YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT  
GRADUATION RATE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘extended-year 
adjusted cohort graduation rate’ means the fraction— 
‘‘(i) the denominator of which consists of the 
number of students who form the original cohort of entering first-time students in grade 9 en-rolled in the high school no later than the date by which student membership data must be col-lected annually by State educational agencies for submission to the National Center for Edu-cation Statistics under section 153 of the Edu-cation Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543), adjusted by— 
‘‘(I) adding the students who joined that co-
hort, after the date of the determination of the original cohort; and 
‘‘(II) subtracting only those students who left 
that cohort, after the date of the determination of the original cohort, as described in subpara-graph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the numerator of which— ‘‘(I) consists of the sum of— ‘‘(aa) the number of students in the cohort, as 
adjusted under clause (i), who earned a regular high school diploma before, during, or at the conclusion of— 
‘‘(AA) one or more additional years beyond 
the fourth year of high school; or 
‘‘(BB) a summer session immediately following 
the additional year of high school; and 
‘‘(bb) all students with the most significant 
cognitive disabilities in the cohort, as adjusted under clause (i), assessed using the alternate as-sessment aligned to alternate academic achieve-ment standards under section 1111(b)(2)(D) and awarded a State-defined alternate diploma that is— 
‘‘(AA) standards-based; ‘‘(BB) aligned with the State requirements for 
the regular high school diploma; and 
‘‘(CC) obtained within the time period for 
which the State ensures the availability of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8518 November 30, 2015 
free appropriate public education under section 
612(a)(1) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(1)); and 
‘‘(II) shall not include any student awarded a 
recognized equivalent of a diploma, such as a general equivalency diploma, certificate of com-pletion, certificate of attendance, or similar less-er credential. 
‘‘(B) C
OHORT REMOVAL .—To remove a student 
from a cohort, a school or local educational agency shall require documentation, or obtain documentation from the State educational agen-cy, to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, or trans-ferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is de-ceased. 
‘‘(C) T
RANSFERRED OUT .— For purposes of 
this paragraph, the term ‘transferred out’ has the meaning given the term in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of paragraph (25)(C). 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(i) S CHOOLS STARTING AFTER GRADE 9 .—For 
those high schools that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the ear-liest high school grade students attend no later than the date by which student membership data is collected annually by State educational agencies for submission to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543). 
‘‘(ii) V
ERY SMALL SCHOOLS .—A State edu-
cational agency may calculate the extended year adjusted cohort graduation rate described under this paragraph for a high school with an average enrollment over a 4-year period of less than 100 students for the purposes of section 1111(c)(4) by— 
‘‘(I) averaging the extended-year adjusted co-
hort graduation rate of the school over a period of three years; or 
‘‘(II) establishing a minimum number of stu-
dents that must be included in the cohort de-scribed in clause (i) of subparagraph (A) that will provide a valid graduation rate calculation as determined by the Secretary, below which the school shall be exempt from differentiation and identification under such section.’’; 
(7) by inserting after paragraph (24) (as so re-
designated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
‘‘(25) F
OUR-YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT GRADUA -
TION RATE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘four-year ad-
justed cohort graduation rate’ means the frac-tion— 
‘‘(i) the denominator of which consists of the 
number of students who form the original cohort of entering first-time students in grade 9 en-rolled in the high school no later than the date by which student membership data is collected annually by State educational agencies for sub-mission to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Edu-cation Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543), adjusted by— 
‘‘(I) adding the students who joined that co-
hort, after the date of the determination of the original cohort; and 
‘‘(II) subtracting only those students who left 
that cohort, after the date of the determination of the original cohort, as described in subpara-graph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the numerator of which— ‘‘(I) consists of the sum of— ‘‘(aa) the number of students in the cohort, as 
adjusted under clause (i), who earned a regular high school diploma before, during, or at the conclusion of— 
‘‘(AA) the fourth year of high school; or ‘‘(BB) a summer session immediately following 
the fourth year of high school; and 
‘‘(bb) all students with the most significant 
cognitive disabilities in the cohort, as adjusted under clause (i), assessed using the alternate as-sessment aligned to alternate academic achieve-ment standards under section 1111(b)(2)(D) and awarded a State-defined alternate diploma that is— ‘‘(AA) standards-based; 
‘‘(BB) aligned with the State requirements for 
the regular high school diploma; and 
‘‘(CC) obtained within the time period for 
which the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public education under section 612(a)(1) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(1); and 
‘‘(II) shall not include any student awarded a 
recognized equivalent of a diploma, such as a general equivalency diploma, certificate of com-pletion, certificate of attendance, or similar less-er credential. 
‘‘(B) C
OHORT REMOVAL .—To remove a student 
from a cohort, a school or local educational agency shall require documentation, or obtain documentation from the State educational agen-cy, to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, or trans-ferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is de-ceased. 
‘‘(C) T
RANSFERRED OUT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-
graph, the term ‘transferred out’ means that a student, as confirmed by the high school or local educational agency in accordance with clause (ii), has transferred to— 
‘‘(I) another school from which the student is 
expected to receive a regular high school di-ploma; or 
‘‘(II) another educational program from which 
the student is expected to receive a regular high school diploma or an alternate diploma that meets the requirements of subparagraph (A)(ii)(I)(bb). 
‘‘(ii) C
ONFIRMATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(I) D OCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The con-
firmation of a student’s transfer to another school or educational program described in clause (i) requires documentation of such trans-fer from the receiving school or program in which the student enrolled. 
‘‘(II) L
ACK OF CONFIRMATION .—A student who 
was enrolled in a high school, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the adjusted co-hort. 
‘‘(iii) P
ROGRAMS NOT PROVIDING CREDIT .—Ex-
cept as provided in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I)(bb), a student who is retained in grade or who is en-rolled in a program leading to a general equiva-lency diploma, or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit to-ward the issuance of a regular high school di-ploma, shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(i) S CHOOLS STARTING AFTER GRADE 9 .—For 
those high schools that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the ear-liest high school grade students attend no later than the date by which student membership data must be collected annually by State edu-cational agencies for submission to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to sec-tion 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543). 
‘‘(ii) V
ERY SMALL SCHOOLS .—A State edu-
cational agency may calculate the four-year ad-justed cohort graduation rate described under this paragraph for a high school with an aver-age enrollment over a 4-year period of less than 100 students for the purposes of section 1111(c)(4) by— 
‘‘(I) averaging the four-year adjusted cohort 
graduation rate of the school over a period of three years; or 
‘‘(II) establishing a minimum number of stu-
dents that must be included in the cohort de-scribed in clause (i) of subparagraph (A) that will provide a valid graduation rate calculation as determined by the Secretary, below which the school shall be exempt from differentiation and identification under such section.’’; 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (27) (as so re-
designated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
‘‘(28) H
IGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ 
means a secondary school that— ‘‘(A) grants a diploma, as defined by the 
State; and 
‘‘(B) includes, at least, grade 12.’’; (9) in paragraph (30) (as so redesignated by 
paragraph (2)), in subparagraph (C)— 
(A) by striking the subparagraph designation 
and heading and inserting ‘‘(C) 
BUREAU OF IN -
DIAN EDUCATION SCHOOLS .—’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Affairs’’ both places the term 
appears and inserting ‘‘Education’’; 
(10) by inserting after paragraph (31) (as re-
designated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
‘‘(32) M IDDLE GRADES .—The term middle 
grades means any of grades 5 through 8. 
‘‘(33) M ULTI-TIER SYSTEM OF SUPPORTS .—The 
term ‘multi-tier system of supports’ means a comprehensive continuum of evidence-based, systemic practices to support a rapid response to students’ needs, with regular observation to fa-cilitate data-based instructional decision-making.’’; 
(11) in paragraph (35) (as so redesignated by 
paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘pupil services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support’’; 
(12) by striking paragraph (36) (as so redesig-
nated by paragraph (2)) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(36) O
UTLYING AREA .—The term ‘outlying 
area’— 
‘‘(A) means American Samoa, the Common-
wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, and the United States Virgin Islands; 
‘‘(B) means the Republic of Palau, to the ex-
tent permitted under section 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108-188; 117 Stat. 2751) and until an agreement for the extension of United States education assistance under the Compact of Free Association becomes effective for the Republic of Palau; and 
‘‘(C) for the purpose of any discretionary 
grant program under this Act, includes the Re-public of the Marshall Islands and the Fed-erated States of Micronesia, to the extent per-mitted under section 105(f)(1)(B)(viii) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–188; 117 Stat. 2751).’’; 
(13) by inserting after paragraph (36) (as so 
redesignated by paragraph (2)), the following: 
‘‘(37) P
ARAPROFESSIONAL .—The term ‘para-
professional’, also known as a ‘paraeducator’, includes an education assistant and instruc-tional assistant.’’; 
(14) in paragraph (39) (as so redesignated by 
paragraph (2))— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘section 
1118’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1116’’; 
(15) by inserting after paragraph (39) (as so 
redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
‘‘(40) P
AY FOR SUCCESS INITIATIVE .—The term 
‘pay for success initiative’ means a perform-ance-based grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded by a public entity in which a commitment is made to pay for improved out-comes that result in social benefit and direct cost savings or cost avoidance to the public sec-tor. Such an initiative shall include— 
‘‘(A) a feasibility study on the initiative de-
scribing how the proposed intervention is based on evidence of effectiveness; 
‘‘(B) a rigorous, third-party evaluation that 
uses experimental or quasi-experimental design or other research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences to deter-mine whether the initiative has met its proposed outcomes; 
‘‘(C) an annual, publicly available report on 
the progress of the initiative; and 
‘‘(D) a requirement that payments are made to 
the recipient of a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement only when agreed upon outcomes are achieved, except that the entity may make pay-ments to the third party conducting the evalua-tion described in subparagraph (B).’’; 
(16) by striking paragraph (42) (as so redesig-
nated by paragraph (2)) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8519 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(42) P ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The term 
‘professional development’ means activities that— 
‘‘(A) are an integral part of school and local 
educational agency strategies for providing edu-cators (including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, and, as applica-ble, early childhood educators) with the knowl-edge and skills necessary to enable students to succeed in a well-rounded education and to meet the challenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(B) are sustained (not stand-alone, 1-day, or 
short term workshops), intensive, collaborative, job-embedded, data-driven, and classroom-fo-cused, and may include activities that— 
‘‘(i) improve and increase teachers’— ‘‘(I) knowledge of the academic subjects the 
teachers teach; 
‘‘(II) understanding of how students learn; 
and 
‘‘(III) ability to analyze student work and 
achievement from multiple sources, including how to adjust instructional strategies, assess-ments, and materials based on such analysis; 
‘‘(ii) are an integral part of broad schoolwide 
and districtwide educational improvement plans; 
‘‘(iii) allow personalized plans for each educa-
tor to address the educator’s specific needs iden-tified in observation or other feedback; 
‘‘(iv) improve classroom management skills; ‘‘(v) support the recruitment, hiring, and 
training of effective teachers, including teachers who became certified through State and local al-ternative routes to certification; 
‘‘(vi) advance teacher understanding of— ‘‘(I) effective instructional strategies that are 
evidence-based; and 
‘‘(II) strategies for improving student aca-
demic achievement or substantially increasing the knowledge and teaching skills of teachers; 
‘‘(vii) are aligned with, and directly related 
to, academic goals of the school or local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(viii) are developed with extensive participa-
tion of teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, representatives of Indian tribes (as ap-plicable), and administrators of schools to be served under this Act; 
‘‘(ix) are designed to give teachers of English 
learners, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide in-struction and appropriate language and aca-demic support services to those children, includ-ing the appropriate use of curricula and assess-ments; 
‘‘(x) to the extent appropriate, provide train-
ing for teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the use of technology (including edu-cation about the harms of copyright piracy), so that technology and technology applications are effectively used in the classroom to improve teaching and learning in the curricula and aca-demic subjects in which the teachers teach; 
‘‘(xi) as a whole, are regularly evaluated for 
their impact on increased teacher effectiveness and improved student academic achievement, with the findings of the evaluations used to im-prove the quality of professional development; 
‘‘(xii) are designed to give teachers of children 
with disabilities or children with developmental delays, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide in-struction and academic support services, to those children, including positive behavioral interventions and supports, multi-tier system of supports, and use of accommodations; 
‘‘(xiii) include instruction in the use of data 
and assessments to inform and instruct class-room practice; 
‘‘(xiv) include instruction in ways that teach-
ers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and school ad-ministrators may work more effectively with parents and families; 
‘‘(xv) involve the forming of partnerships with 
institutions of higher education, including, as applicable, Tribal Colleges and Universities as 
defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)), to estab-lish school-based teacher, principal, and other school leader training programs that provide prospective teachers, novice teachers, principals, and other school leaders with an opportunity to work under the guidance of experienced teach-ers, principals, other school leaders, and faculty of such institutions; 
‘‘(xvi) create programs to enable paraprofes-
sionals (assisting teachers employed by a local educational agency receiving assistance under part A of title I) to obtain the education nec-essary for those paraprofessionals to become cer-tified and licensed teachers; 
‘‘(xvii) provide follow-up training to teachers 
who have participated in activities described in this paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the teachers are implemented in the classroom; and 
‘‘(xviii) where practicable, provide jointly for 
school staff and other early childhood education program providers, to address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness.’’; 
(17) by inserting after paragraph (42) (as so 
redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
‘‘(43) R
EGULAR HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA .—The 
term ‘regular high school diploma’— 
‘‘(A) means the standard high school diploma 
awarded to the preponderance of students in the State that is fully aligned with State standards, or a higher diploma, except that a regular high school diploma shall not be aligned to the alter-nate academic achievement standards described in section 1111(b)(1)(E); and 
‘‘(B) does not include a recognized equivalent 
of a diploma, such as a general equivalency di-ploma, certificate of completion, certificate of attendance, or similar lesser credential. 
‘‘(44) S
CHOOL LEADER .—The term ‘school lead-
er’ means a principal, assistant principal, or other individual who is— 
‘‘(A) an employee or officer of an elementary 
school or secondary school, local educational agency, or other entity operating an elementary school or secondary school; and 
‘‘(B) responsible for the daily instructional 
leadership and managerial operations in the ele-mentary school or secondary school building.’’; 
(18) by inserting after paragraph (46) (as so 
redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
‘‘(47) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL ; SPECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUP -
PORT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) S PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instructional 
support personnel’ means— 
‘‘(i) school counselors, school social workers, 
and school psychologists; and 
‘‘(ii) other qualified professional personnel, 
such as school nurses, speech language patholo-gists, and school librarians, involved in pro-viding assessment, diagnosis, counseling, edu-cational, therapeutic, and other necessary serv-ices (including related services as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401)) as part of a comprehensive program to meet stu-dent needs. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
SERVICES .—The term ‘specialized instructional 
support services’ means the services provided by specialized instructional support personnel.’’; 
(19) by striking the undesignated paragraph 
between paragraph (47) (as inserted by para-graph (18)) and paragraph (49) (as so redesig-nated by paragraph (2)) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(48) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the out-lying areas.’’; 
(20) by striking paragraph (50) (as so redesig-
nated by paragraph (2)) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(50) T
ECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘technology’ 
means modern information, computer and com-munication technology products, services, or 
tools, including, the Internet and other commu-nications networks, computer devices and other computer and communications hardware, soft-ware applications, data systems, and other elec-tronic content (including multimedia content) and data storage.’’; and 
(21) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(51) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .—The 
term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘‘(52) W
ELL-ROUNDED EDUCATION .—The term 
‘well-rounded education’ means courses, activi-ties, and programming in subjects such as English, reading or language arts, writing, science, technology, engineering, mathematics, foreign languages, civics and government, eco-nomics, arts, history, geography, computer science, music, career and technical education, health, physical education, and any other sub-ject, as determined by the State or local edu-cational agency, with the purpose of providing all students access to an enriched curriculum and educational experience.’’. 
SEC. 8003. APPLICABILITY OF TITLE. 
Section 8102, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘Parts B, C, D, and E of this title do not apply to title VIII’’ and inserting ‘‘Parts B, C, D, E, and F of this title do not apply to title VII’’. 
SEC. 8004. APPLICABILITY TO BUREAU OF INDIAN 
EDUCATION OPERATED SCHOOLS. 
Section 8103, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ BU-
REAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS ’’ and inserting 
‘‘BUREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION ’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ 
each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Education’’. 
SEC. 8005. CONSOLIDATION OF STATE ADMINIS-
TRATIVE FUNDS FOR ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 8201(b)(2), as redesignated by section 
8001 of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) implementation of fiscal support teams 
that provide technical fiscal support assistance, which shall include evaluating fiscal, adminis-trative, and staffing functions, and any other key operational function.’’. 
SEC. 8006. CONSOLIDATION OF FUNDS FOR 
LOCAL ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 8203, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Within 1 
year after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001, a State’’ and inserting ‘‘A State’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(d) U
SES OF ADMINISTRATIVE FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agency 
that consolidates administrative funds under this section may use the consolidated funds for the administration of the programs and for uses, at the school district and school levels, com-parable to those described in section 8201(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL SUPPORT TEAMS .—A local edu-
cational agency that uses funds as described in section 8201(b)(2)(I) may contribute State or local funds to expand the reach of such support without violating any supplement, not supplant requirement of any program contributing admin-istrative funds.’’. 
SEC. 8007. CONSOLIDATED SET-ASIDE FOR DE-
PARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR FUNDS. 
Section 8204, as redesignated and amended by 
section 8001 of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8520 November 30, 2015 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘part A of 
title VII’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title VI’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The agreement shall— 
‘‘(i) set forth the plans of the Secretary of the 
Interior for the use of the amount transferred and the achievement measures to assess program effectiveness, including program objectives; and 
‘‘(ii) be developed in consultation with Indian 
tribes.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
CCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) For the purposes of part A of title I, the 
Secretary of Interior, in consultation with the Secretary, if the Secretary of the Interior re-quests the consultation, using a negotiated rule-making process to develop regulations for imple-mentation no later than the 2017-2018 academic year, shall define the standards, assessments, and accountability system consistent with sec-tion 1111, for the schools funded by the Bureau of Indian Education on a national, regional, or tribal basis, as appropriate, taking into account the unique circumstances and needs of such schools and the students served by such schools. 
‘‘(2) The tribal governing body or school board 
of a school funded by the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs may waive, in part or in whole, the re-quirements established pursuant to paragraph (1) where such requirements are determined by such body or school board to be inappropriate. If such requirements are waived, the tribal gov-erning body or school board shall, within 60 days, submit to the Secretary of Interior a pro-posal for alternative standards, assessments, and an accountability system, if applicable, consistent with section 1111, that takes into ac-count the unique circumstances and needs of such school or schools and the students served. The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary shall approve such standards, assessments, and accountability system unless the Secretary de-termines that the standards, assessments, and accountability system do not meet the require-ments of section 1111, taking into account the unique circumstances and needs of such school or schools and the students served. 
‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of 
Interior and the Secretary shall, either directly or through a contract, provide technical assist-ance, upon request, to a tribal governing body or school board of a school funded by the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs that seeks a waiver under paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 8008. DEPARTMENT STAFF. 
Title VIII, as redesignated and amended by 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding after section 8204 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8205. DEPARTMENT STAFF. 
‘‘The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than 60 days after the date of 
enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, identify the number of Department full-time equivalent employees who worked on or admin-istered each education program or project au-thorized under this Act, as such program or project was in effect on the day before such date of enactment, and publish such information on the Department’s website; 
‘‘(2) not later than 60 days after such date of 
enactment, identify the number of full-time equivalent employees who worked on or admin-istered each program or project authorized under this Act, as such program or project was in effect on the day before such date of enact-ment, that has been eliminated or consolidated since such date of enactment; 
‘‘(3) not later than 1 year after such date of 
enactment, reduce the workforce of the Depart-ment by the number of full-time equivalent em-ployees the Department identified under para-graph (2); and 
‘‘(4) not later than 1 year after such date of 
enactment, report to Congress on— 
‘‘(A) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees associated with each program or project authorized under this Act and administered by 
the Department; 
‘‘(B) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees who were determined to be associated with eliminated or consolidated programs or projects described in paragraph (2); 
‘‘(C) how the Secretary has reduced the num-
ber of full-time equivalent employees as de-scribed in paragraph (3); 
‘‘(D) the average salary of the full-time equiv-
alent employees described in subparagraph (B) whose positions were eliminated; and 
‘‘(E) the average salary of the full-time equiv-
alent employees who work on or administer a program or project authorized by the Depart-ment under this Act, disaggregated by employee function within each such program or project.’’. 
SEC. 8009. OPTIONAL CONSOLIDATED STATE 
PLANS OR APPLICATIONS. 
Section 8302(b)(1), as redesignated by section 
8001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘non-profit’’. 
SEC. 8010. GENERAL APPLICABILITY OF STATE 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ASSUR-ANCES. 
Section 8304(a)(2), as redesignated by section 
8001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘non-profit’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible’’ each place the term appears. 
SEC. 8011. RURAL CONSOLIDATED PLAN. 
Section 8305, as redesignated and amended by 
section 8001 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) R
URAL CONSOLIDATED PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Two or more eligible local 
educational agencies, a consortium of eligible local educational service agencies, or an edu-cational service agency on behalf of eligible local educational agencies may submit plans or applications for 1 or more covered programs to the State educational agency on a consolidated basis, if each eligible local educational agency impacted elects to participate in the joint appli-cation or elects to allow the educational service agency to apply on its behalf. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .— 
For the purposes of this subsection, the term ‘el-igible local educational agency’ means a local educational agency that is an eligible local edu-cational agency under part B of title V.’’. 
SEC. 8012. OTHER GENERAL ASSURANCES. 
Section 8306(a), as redesignated and amended 
by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘whether separately or pursuant to sec-tion 8305,’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘nonprofit’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘eligible’’. 
SEC. 8013. WAIVERS OF STATUTORY AND REGU-
LATORY REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 8401, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY STATE OR INDIAN  
TRIBE .—A State educational agency or Indian 
tribe that receives funds under a program au-thorized under this Act may submit a request to the Secretary to waive any statutory or regu-latory requirement of this Act. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND SCHOOL  
REQUESTS SUBMITTED THROUGH THE STATE .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCY .—A local educational agency 
that receives funds under a program authorized under this Act and desires a waiver of any stat-utory or regulatory requirement of this Act shall submit a request containing the information de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) to the appropriate State educational agency. The State educational agency may then submit the request to the Sec-retary if the State educational agency deter-mines the waiver appropriate. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY SCHOOL .—An el-
ementary school or secondary school that de-sires a waiver of any statutory or regulatory re-quirement of this Act shall submit a request con-
taining the information described in subsection (b)(1) to the local educational agency serving the school. The local educational agency may then submit the request to the State educational agency in accordance with subparagraph (A) if the local educational agency determines the waiver appropriate. 
‘‘(3) R
ECEIPT OF WAIVER .—Except as provided 
in subsection (b)(4) or (c), the Secretary may waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act for which a waiver request is sub-mitted to the Secretary pursuant to this sub-section.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘, local educational agency,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘, acting on its own behalf or on behalf of a local educational agency in accord-ance with subsection (a)(2),’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, which shall include a 
plan’’ after ‘‘to the Secretary’’; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-
paragraph (F); 
(iii) by striking subparagraphs (B), (C), and 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) describes which Federal statutory or reg-
ulatory requirements are to be waived; 
‘‘(C) describes how the waiving of such re-
quirements will advance student academic achievement; 
‘‘(D) describes the methods the State edu-
cational agency, local educational agency, school, or Indian tribe will use to monitor and regularly evaluate the effectiveness of the imple-mentation of the plan; 
‘‘(E) includes only information directly re-
lated to the waiver request; and’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated by 
clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and, if the waiver re-lates to provisions of subsections (b) or (h) of section 1111, describes how the State edu-cational agency, local educational agency, school, or Indian tribe will maintain or improve transparency in reporting to parents and the public on student achievement and school per-formance, including the achievement of the sub-groups of students identified in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi)’’ after ‘‘waivers are requested’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), by striking 
‘‘(on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies)’’ and inserting ‘‘(on behalf of those agencies or on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agen-cies in the State)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘or on behalf of local educational agen-cies in the State under subsection (a)(2),’’ after ‘‘acting on its own behalf,’’; and 
(II) by striking clauses (i) through (iii) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(i) provide the public and any interested 
local educational agency in the State with no-tice and a reasonable opportunity to comment and provide input on the request, to the extent that the request impacts the local educational agency; 
‘‘(ii) submit the comments and input to the 
Secretary, with a description of how the State addressed the comments and input; and 
‘‘(iii) provide notice and a reasonable time to 
comment to the public and local educational agencies in the manner in which the applying agency customarily provides similar notice and opportunity to comment to the public.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking clauses 
(i) and (ii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) the request shall be reviewed and ap-
proved by the State educational agency in ac-cordance with subsection (a)(2) before being submitted to the Secretary and be accompanied by the comments, if any, of the State edu-cational agency and the public; and 
‘‘(ii) notice and a reasonable opportunity to 
comment regarding the waiver request shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8521 November 30, 2015 
provided to the State educational agency and 
the public by the agency requesting the waiver in the manner in which that agency customarily provides similar notice and opportunity to com-ment to the public.’’. 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) W
AIVER DETERMINATION , DEMONSTRA -
TION, AND REVISION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue a 
written determination regarding the initial ap-proval or disapproval of a waiver request not more than 120 days after the date on which such request is submitted. Initial disapproval of such request shall be based on the determination of the Secretary that— 
‘‘(i) the waiver request does not meet the re-
quirements of this section; 
‘‘(ii) the waiver is not permitted under sub-
section (c); 
‘‘(iii) the description required under para-
graph (1)(C) in the plan provides insufficient in-formation to demonstrate that the waiving of such requirements will advance student aca-demic achievement consistent with the purposes of this Act; or 
‘‘(iv) the waiver request does not provide for 
adequate evaluation to ensure review and con-tinuous improvement of the plan. 
‘‘(B) W
AIVER DETERMINATION AND REVISION .— 
Upon the initial determination of disapproval under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) immediately— ‘‘(I) notify the State educational agency, local 
educational agency (through the State edu-cational agency), school (through the local edu-cational agency), or Indian tribe, as applicable, of such determination; and 
‘‘(II) provide detailed reasons for such deter-
mination in writing to the applicable entity under subclause (I) to the public, such as post-ing in a clear and easily accessible format to the Department’s website; 
‘‘(ii) offer the State educational agency, local 
educational agency (through the State edu-cational agency), school (through the local edu-cational agency), or Indian tribe an opportunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request by a date that is not more than 60 days after the date of such determination; and 
‘‘(iii) if the Secretary determines that the re-
submission under clause (ii) does not meet the requirements of this section, at the request of the State educational agency, local educational agency, school, or Indian tribe, conduct a hear-ing not more than 30 days after the date of such resubmission. 
‘‘(C) W
AIVER DISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary 
may ultimately disapprove a waiver request if— 
‘‘(i) the State educational agency, local edu-
cational agency, school, or Indian tribe has been notified and offered an opportunity to re-vise and resubmit the waiver request, as de-scribed under clauses (i) and (ii) of subpara-graph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency, local edu-
cational agency (through the State educational agency), school (through the local educational agency), or Indian tribe— 
‘‘(I) does not revise and resubmit the waiver 
request; or 
‘‘(II) revises and resubmits the waiver request, 
and the Secretary determines that such waiver request does not meet the requirements of this section after a hearing conducted under sub-paragraph (B)(iii), if such a hearing is re-quested. 
‘‘(D) E
XTERNAL CONDITIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not disapprove a waiver request under this section based on conditions outside the scope of the waiver request.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, Indian 
tribes’’ after ‘‘local educational agencies’’; 
(B) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘subpart 1 of 
part B of title V’’ and inserting ‘‘part C of title IV’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting 
the following: ‘‘(9) the prohibitions— 
‘‘(A) in subpart 2 of part F; ‘‘(B) regarding use of funds for religious wor-
ship or instruction in section 8505; and 
‘‘(C) regarding activities in section 8526; or’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the subsection heading, by adding ‘‘; 
L
IMITATIONS ’’ after ‘‘W AIVER ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Secretary deter-mines’’ and inserting ‘‘State demonstrates’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC LIMITATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not require a State educational agency, local educational agency, school, or Indian tribe, as a condition of approval of a waiver re-quest, to— 
‘‘(A) include in, or delete from, such request, 
specific academic standards, such as the Com-mon Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other standards common to a significant number of States; 
‘‘(B) use specific academic assessment instru-
ments or items, including assessments aligned to the standards described in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(C) include in, or delete from, such waiver 
request any specific elements of— 
‘‘(i) State academic standards; ‘‘(ii) academic assessments; ‘‘(iii) State accountability systems; or ‘‘(iv) teacher and school leader evaluation 
systems.’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—A State educational agency, 
local educational agency, school, or Indian tribe receiving a waiver under this section shall de-scribe, as part of, and pursuant to, the required annual reporting under section 1111(h)— 
‘‘(1) the progress of schools covered under the 
provisions of such waiver toward improving stu-dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(2) how the use of the waiver has contrib-
uted to such progress.’’; and 
(6) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘if the Sec-
retary determines’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘if, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) presents a rationale and supporting in-
formation that clearly demonstrates that the waiver is not contributing to the progress of schools described in subsection (e)(1); or 
‘‘(B) determines that the waiver is no longer 
necessary to achieve its original purposes.’’. 
SEC. 8014. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICA-TIONS. 
Title VIII, as amended and redesignated by 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 8401 the following: 
‘‘PART E—APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL 
OF STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICA-TIONS 
‘‘SEC. 8451. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
STATE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) A PPROVAL .—A plan submitted by a State 
pursuant to section 2101(d), 4103(c), 4203, or 8302 shall be approved by the Secretary unless the Secretary makes a written determination (which shall include the supporting information and rationale supporting such determination), prior to the expiration of the 120-day period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary re-ceived the plan, that the plan is not in compli-ance with section 2101(d), 4103(c), or 4203, or part C, respectively. 
‘‘(b) D
ISAPPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not fi-
nally disapprove a plan submitted under section 2101(d), 4103(c), 4203, or 8302, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an op-portunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATIONS .—If the Secretary finds 
that the plan is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with section 2101(d), 4103(c), or 4203, or part C, as applicable, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) immediately notify the State of such de-
termination; 
‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the spe-
cific provisions of the plan that the Secretary determines fail to meet the requirements, in whole or in part, of such section or part, as ap-plicable; 
‘‘(C) offer the State an opportunity to revise 
and resubmit its plan within 45 days of such de-termination, including the chance for the State to present supporting information to clearly demonstrate that the State plan meets the re-quirements of such section or part, as applica-ble; 
‘‘(D) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the State, in order to assist the State to meet the requirements of such section or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(E) conduct a hearing within 30 days of the 
plan’s resubmission under subparagraph (C), unless a State declines the opportunity for such hearing; and 
‘‘(F) request additional information, only as 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the plan compliant. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notification described in paragraph (2)(A) prior to the expi-ration of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency re-ceived the notification, and resubmits the plan as described in paragraph (2)(C), the Secretary shall approve such plan unless the Secretary de-termines the plan does not meet the require-ments of section 2101(d), 4103(c), or 4203, or part C, as applicable. 
‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the State edu-
cational agency does not respond to the Sec-retary’s notification described in paragraph (2)(A) prior to the expiration of the 45-day pe-riod beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the notification, such plan shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—A plan submitted under 
section 2101(d), 4103(c), 4203, or 8302 shall not be approved or disapproved based upon the nature of the activities proposed within such plan if such proposed activities meet the applicable pro-gram requirements. 
‘‘(d) P
EER-REVIEW REQUIREMENTS .—Notwith-
standing any other requirements of this part, the Secretary shall ensure that any portion of a consolidated State plan that is related to part A of title I is subject to the peer-review process de-scribed in section 1111(a)(4). 
‘‘SEC. 8452. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AP-PLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPROVAL .—An application submitted by 
a local educational agency pursuant to section 2102(b), 4106, 4204(b) or 8305, shall be approved by the State educational agency unless the State educational agency makes a written determina-tion (which shall include the supporting infor-mation and rationale for such determination), prior to the expiration of the 120-day period be-ginning on the date on which the State edu-cational agency received the application, that the application is not in compliance with section 2102(b), 4106, or 4204(b), or part C, respectively. 
‘‘(b) D
ISAPPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency shall not finally disapprove an applica-tion submitted under section 2102(b), 4106, 4204(b) or 8305 except after giving the local edu-cational agency notice and opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATIONS .—If the State educational 
agency finds that the application submitted under section 2102(b), 4106, 4204(b) or 8305 is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with section 2102(b), 4106, or 4204(b), or part C, respectively, the State educational agency shall— 
‘‘(A) immediately notify the local educational 
agency of such determination; 
‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the spe-
cific provisions of the application that the State determines fail to meet the requirements, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8522 November 30, 2015 
whole or in part, of such section or part, as ap-
plicable; 
‘‘(C) offer the local educational agency an op-
portunity to revise and resubmit its application within 45 days of such determination, including the chance for the local educational agency to present supporting information to clearly dem-onstrate that the application meets the require-
ments of such section or part; 
‘‘(D) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the local educational agency, in order to assist the local educational agency to meet the requirements of such section or part, as ap-plicable; 
‘‘(E) conduct a hearing within 30 days of the 
application’s resubmission under subparagraph (C), unless a local educational agency declines the opportunity for such a hearing; and 
‘‘(F) request additional information, only as 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE .—If the local educational 
agency responds to the State educational agen-cy’s notification described in paragraph (2)(A) prior to the expiration of the 45-day period be-ginning on the date on which the local edu-cational agency received the notification, and resubmits the application as described in para-graph (2)(C), the State educational agency shall approve such application unless the State edu-cational agency determines the application does not meet the requirements of this part. 
‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the local edu-
cational agency does not respond to the State educational agency’s notification described in paragraph (2)(A) prior to the expiration of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the local educational agency received the notifi-cation, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved.’’. 
SEC. 8015. PARTICIPATION BY PRIVATE SCHOOL 
CHILDREN AND TEACHERS. 
Section 8501, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Educational services and 
other benefits provided under this section for private school children, teachers, and other edu-cational personnel shall be equitable in compari-son to services and other benefits for public school children, teachers, and other educational personnel participating in the program and shall be provided in a timely manner. 
‘‘(B) O
MBUDSMAN .—To help ensure equitable 
services are provided to private school children, teachers, and other educational personnel under this section, the State educational agency in-volved shall direct the ombudsman designated by the agency under section 1117 to monitor and enforce the requirements of this section.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) E
XPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Expenditures for edu-
cational services and other benefits provided under this section for eligible private school children, their teachers, and other educational personnel serving those children shall be equal, taking into account the number and educational needs of the children to be served, to the ex-penditures for participating public school chil-dren. 
‘‘(B) O
BLIGATION OF FUNDS .—Funds allocated 
to a local educational agency for educational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall be obligated in the fiscal year for which the funds are received by the agency. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE OF ALLOCATION .—Each State 
educational agency shall provide notice in a timely manner to the appropriate private school officials in the State of the allocation of funds for educational services and other benefits under this subpart that the local educational agencies have determined are available for eligi-ble private school children.’’. (2) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) through (H) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) part C of title I; ‘‘(B) part A of title II; ‘‘(C) part A of title III; ‘‘(D) part A of title IV; and ‘‘(E) part B of title IV.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘To ensure’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such as’’ and inserting ‘‘To ensure timely and meaningful consultation, a State educational agency, local educational agency, educational service agency, consortium of those agencies, or entity shall consult with appro-priate private school officials. Such agency and private school officials shall both have the goal of reaching agreement on how to provide equi-table and effective programs for eligible private school children, on issues such as’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘and the amount’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘, the amount’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘services; and’’ and inserting 
‘‘services, and how that amount is determined;’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (F)— (I) by striking ‘‘contract’’ after ‘‘provision 
of’’; and 
(II) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) whether the agency, consortium, or enti-
ty shall provide services directly or through a separate government agency, consortium, or en-tity, or through a third-party contractor; and 
‘‘(H) whether to provide equitable services to 
eligible private school children— 
‘‘(i) by creating a pool or pools of funds with 
all of the funds allocated under subsection (a)(4)(C) based on all the children from low-in-come families in a participating school attend-ance area who attend private schools; or 
‘‘(ii) in the agency’s participating school at-
tendance area who attend private schools with the proportion of funds allocated under sub-section (a)(4)(C) based on the number of chil-dren from low-income families who attend pri-vate schools.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
OCUMENTATION .—Each local edu-
cational agency shall maintain in the agency’s records, and provide to the State educational agency involved, a written affirmation signed by officials of each participating private school that the meaningful consultation required by this section has occurred. The written affirma-tion shall provide the option for private school officials to indicate such officials’ belief that timely and meaningful consultation has not oc-curred or that the program design is not equi-table with respect to eligible private school chil-dren. If such officials do not provide such affir-mation within a reasonable period of time, the local educational agency shall forward the doc-umentation that such consultation has, or at-tempts at such consultation have, taken place to the State educational agency. 
‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the consultation re-
quired under this section is with a local edu-cational agency or educational service agency, a private school official shall have the right to file a complaint with the State educational agency that the consultation required under this section was not meaningful and timely, did not give due consideration to the views of the private school official, or did not make a decision that treats the private school or its students equitably as required by this section. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURE .—If the private school offi-
cial wishes to file a complaint, the private school official shall provide the basis of the non-compliance and all parties shall provide the ap-propriate documentation to the appropriate offi-cials. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICES .—A State educational agency 
shall provide services under this section directly or through contracts with public and private agencies, organizations, and institutions, if the appropriate private school officials have— 
‘‘(i) requested that the State educational 
agency provide such services directly; and 
‘‘(ii) demonstrated that the local educational 
agency involved has not met the requirements of this section in accordance with the procedures for making such a request, as prescribed by the State educational agency.’’. 
SEC. 8016. STANDARDS FOR BY-PASS. 
Section 8502(a)(2), as redesignated and 
amended by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘9503, and 9504’’ and in-serting ‘‘8503, and 8504’’. 
SEC. 8017. COMPLAINT PROCESS FOR PARTICIPA-
TION OF PRIVATE SCHOOL CHIL-DREN. 
Section 8503, as redesignated and amended by 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) P
ROCEDURES FOR COMPLAINTS .—The Sec-
retary shall develop and implement written pro-cedures for receiving, investigating, and resolv-ing complaints from parents, teachers, or other individuals and organizations concerning viola-tions of section 8501 by a State educational agency, local educational agency, educational service agency, consortium of those agencies, or entity. The individual or organization shall sub-mit the complaint to the State educational agen-cy for a written resolution by the State edu-cational agency within 45 days. 
‘‘(b) A
PPEALS TO SECRETARY .—The resolution 
may be appealed by an interested party to the Secretary not later than 30 days after the State educational agency resolves the complaint or fails to resolve the complaint within the 45-day time limit. The appeal shall be accompanied by a copy of the State educational agency’s resolu-tion, and, if there is one, a complete statement of the reasons supporting the appeal. The Sec-retary shall investigate and resolve the appeal not later than 90 days after receipt of the ap-peal.’’. 
SEC. 8018. BY-PASS DETERMINATION PROCESS. 
Section 8504(a)(1)(A), as redesignated by sec-
tion 8001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘9502’’ and inserting ‘‘8502’’. 
SEC. 8019. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
Section 8521, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, subject to 
the requirements of subsection (b)’’ after ‘‘for the second preceding fiscal year’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘, if such local educational agency has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the local agency) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘or a 
change in the organizational structure of the local educational agency’’ after ‘‘, such as a natural disaster’’. 
SEC. 8020. PROHIBITION REGARDING STATE AID. 
Section 8522, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘title VIII’’ and inserting ‘‘title VII’’. 
SEC. 8021. SCHOOL PRAYER. 
Section 8524(a), as redesignated by section 
8001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘on the Internet’’ and inserting ‘‘by electronic means, including by posting the guidance on the De-partment’s website in a clear and easily acces-sible manner’’. 
SEC. 8022. PROHIBITED USES OF FUNDS. 
Section 8526, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended— 
(1) by striking the section heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ PROHIBITED USES OF FUNDS ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8523 November 30, 2015 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (6), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as re-
designated by subparagraph (A)) the following: 
‘‘(1) for construction, renovation, or repair of 
any school facility, except as authorized under this Act; 
‘‘(2) for transportation unless otherwise au-
thorized under this Act;’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘(a)P
ROHIBITION .—None of the 
funds authorized under this Act shall be used’’ and inserting ‘‘No funds under this Act may be used’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 8023. PROHIBITIONS. 
Title VIII, as redesignated and amended by 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 8526 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8526A. PROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL 
MANDATES, DIRECTION, OR CON-TROL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No officer or employee of 
the Federal Government shall, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements, man-date, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional con-tent, academic standards and assessments, cur-ricula, or program of instruction developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this Act (including any requirement, direction, or man-date to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Stand-ards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or cur-riculum aligned to such standards), nor shall anything in this Act be construed to authorize such officer or employee to do so. 
‘‘(b) F
INANCIAL SUPPORT .—No officer or em-
ployee of the Federal Government shall condi-tion or incentivize the receipt of any grant, con-tract, or cooperative agreement, the receipt of any priority or preference under such grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, or the re-ceipt of a waiver under section 8401 upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adoption or implementation of specific instruc-tional content, academic standards and assess-ments, curricula, or program of instruction de-veloped and implemented to meet the require-ments of this Act (including any condition, pri-ority, or preference to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other aca-demic standards common to a significant num-ber of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such stand-ards).’’. 
SEC. 8024. PROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL GOVERN-
MENT AND USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS. 
Section 8527, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8527. PROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL GOVERN-
MENT AND USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including through a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment, to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s cur-riculum, program of instruction, or allocation of State or local resources, or mandate a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON ENDORSEMENT OF CUR-
RICULUM .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of Federal law, no funds provided to the De-partment under this Act may be used by the De-partment, whether through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, to endorse, approve, de-velop, require, or sanction any curriculum, in-cluding any curriculum aligned to the Common Core State Standards developed under the Com-mon Core State Standards Initiative or any other academic standards common to a signifi-cant number of States, designed to be used in an elementary school or secondary school. ‘‘(c) L
OCAL CONTROL .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to— 
‘‘(1) authorize an officer or employee of the 
Federal Government, whether through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement to mandate, direct, review, or control a State, local edu-
cational agency, or school’s instructional con-tent, curriculum, and related activities; 
‘‘(2) limit the application of the General Edu-
cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) require the distribution of scientifically or 
medically false or inaccurate materials or to prohibit the distribution of scientifically or medically true or accurate materials; or 
‘‘(4) create any legally enforceable right. ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON REQUIRING FEDERAL AP-
PROVAL OR CERTIFICATION OF STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of Federal law, no State shall be re-quired to have academic standards approved or certified by the Federal Government, in order to receive assistance under this Act. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to prohibit a State, local educational agency, or school from using funds provided under this Act for the development or implementation of any instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, cur-riculum, or program of instruction that a State, local educational agency, or school chooses, as permitted under State and local law, as long as the use of such funds is consistent with the terms of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement providing such funds. 
‘‘(3) B
UILDING STANDARDS .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to mandate national school building standards for a State, local edu-cational agency, or school.’’. 
SEC. 8025. ARMED FORCES RECRUITER ACCESS 
TO STUDENTS AND STUDENT RE-CRUITING INFORMATION. 
Section 8528, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended by striking subsections (a) through (d) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) P
OLICY .— 
‘‘(1) A CCESS TO STUDENT RECRUITING INFORMA -
TION.—Notwithstanding section 444(a)(5)(B) of 
the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g(a)(5)(B)), each local educational agency receiving assistance under this Act shall pro-vide, upon a request made by a military re-cruiter or an institution of higher education, ac-cess to the name, address, and telephone listing of each secondary school student served by the local educational agency, unless the parent of such student has submitted the prior consent re-quest under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) C
ONSENT .— 
‘‘(A) O PT-OUT PROCESS .—A parent of a sec-
ondary school student may submit a written re-quest, to the local educational agency, that the student’s name, address, and telephone listing not be released for purposes of paragraph (1) without prior written consent of the parent. Upon receiving such request, the local edu-cational agency may not release the student’s name, address, and telephone listing for such purposes without the prior written consent of the parent. 
‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION OF OPT -OUT PROCESS .— 
Each local educational agency shall notify the parents of the students served by the agency of the option to make a request described in sub-paragraph (A). 
‘‘(3) S
AME ACCESS TO STUDENTS .—Each local 
educational agency receiving assistance under this Act shall provide military recruiters the same access to secondary school students as is provided to institutions of higher education or to prospective employers of those students. 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION PROHIBITING OPT - 
IN PROCESSES .—Nothing in this subsection shall 
be construed to allow a local educational agen-cy to withhold access to a student’s name, ad-dress, and telephone listing from a military re-cruiter or institution of higher education by im-plementing an opt-in process or any other proc-ess other than the written consent request proc-ess under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(5) P
ARENTAL CONSENT .—For purposes of this 
subsection, whenever a student has attained 18 years of age, the permission or consent required of and the rights accorded to the parents of the student shall only be required of and accorded to the student. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall, not later than 120 days after the date of the en-actment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, no-tify school leaders, school administrators, and other educators about the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of this 
section do not apply to a private secondary school that maintains a religious objection to service in the Armed Forces if the objection is verifiable through the corporate or other organi-zational documents or materials of that school.’’. 
SEC. 8026. PROHIBITION ON FEDERALLY SPON-
SORED TESTING. 
Section 8529, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8529. PROHIBITION ON FEDERALLY SPON-
SORED TESTING. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of Federal law and except as provided in subsection (b), no funds provided under this Act to the Secretary or to the recipi-ent of any award may be used to develop, incentivize, pilot test, field test, implement, ad-minister, or distribute any federally sponsored national test in reading, mathematics, or any other subject, unless specifically and explicitly authorized by law, including any assessment or testing materials aligned to the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other academic standards common to a significant number of States. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to international comparative assessments developed under the authority of section 153(a)(6) of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543(a)(6)) and administered to only a representative sample of pupils in the United States and in foreign nations.’’. 
SEC. 8027. LIMITATIONS ON NATIONAL TESTING 
OR CERTIFICATION FOR TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS. 
Section 8530, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ , 
PRINCIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEAD-ERS’’ after ‘‘ TEACHERS ’’; 
(2) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘, 
P
RINCIPALS , OROTHER SCHOOL LEADERS ’’ after 
‘‘TEACHERS ’’; and 
(3) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, principals, other school 
leaders,’’ after ‘‘teachers’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, or incentive regarding,’’ 
after ‘‘administration of’’. 
SEC. 8028. PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING STATE 
PARTICIPATION. 
Title VIII, as redesignated and amended by 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 8530 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8530A. PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING STATE 
PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘Any State that opts out of receiving funds, 
or that has not been awarded funds, under one or more programs under this Act shall not be re-quired to carry out any of the requirements of such program or programs, and nothing in this Act shall be construed to require a State to par-ticipate in any program under this Act.’’. 
SEC. 8029. CIVIL RIGHTS. 
Section 8534(b), as redesignated by section 
8001 of this Act, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘as defined in section 1116 of 
title I and part B of title V’’ and inserting ‘‘as defined in section 1111(d) of title I and part C of title IV’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘grant under section 1116 of 
title I or part B of title V’’ and inserting ‘‘grant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8524 November 30, 2015 
under section 1111(d) of title I or part C of title 
IV’’. 
SEC. 8030. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES 
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8538. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES 
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To ensure timely and 
meaningful consultation on issues affecting American Indian and Alaska Native students, an affected local educational agency shall con-sult with appropriate officials from Indian tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes lo-cated in the area served by the local educational agency prior to the affected local educational agency’s submission of a required plan or appli-cation for a covered program under this Act or for a program under title VI of this Act. Such consultation shall be done in a manner and in such time that provides the opportunity for such appropriate officials from Indian tribes or tribal organizations to meaningfully and substantively contribute to such plan. 
‘‘(b) D
OCUMENTATION .—Each affected local 
educational agency shall maintain in the agen-cy’s records and provide to the State edu-cational agency a written affirmation signed by the appropriate officials of the participating tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes that the consultation required by this sec-tion has occurred. If such officials do not pro-vide such affirmation within a reasonable pe-riod of time, the affected local educational agen-cy shall forward documentation that such con-sultation has taken place to the State edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A FFECTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .— 
The term ‘affected local educational agency’ means a local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) with an enrollment of American Indian 
or Alaska Native students that is not less than 50 percent of the total enrollment of the local educational agency; or 
‘‘(B) that— ‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2017, received a grant in 
the previous year under subpart 1 of part A of title VII (as such subpart was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act) that exceeded $40,000; or 
‘‘(ii) for any fiscal year following fiscal year 
2017, received a grant in the previous fiscal year under subpart 1 of part A of title VI that ex-ceeded $40,000. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE OFFICIALS .—The term ‘ap-
propriate officials’ means— 
‘‘(A) tribal officials who are elected; or ‘‘(B) appointed tribal leaders or officials des-
ignated in writing by an Indian tribe for the specific consultation purpose under this section. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed— 
‘‘(1) to require the local educational agency to 
determine who are the appropriate officials; or 
‘‘(2) to make the local educational agency lia-
ble for consultation with appropriate officials that the tribe determines not to be the correct appropriate officials. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION .—Consultation required 
under this section shall not interfere with the timely submission of the plans or applications required under this Act.’’. 
SEC. 8031. OUTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR RURAL LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8539. OUTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR RURAL LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) O UTREACH .—The Secretary shall engage 
in outreach to rural local educational agencies regarding opportunities to apply for competitive 
grant programs under this Act. 
‘‘(b) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—If requested to 
do so, the Secretary shall provide technical as-sistance to rural local educational agencies with locale codes 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or an edu-cational service agency representing rural local educational agencies with locale codes 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43 on applications or pre-applications for any competitive grant program under this Act. No rural local educational agency or edu-cational service agency shall be required to re-quest technical assistance or include any tech-nical assistance provided by the Secretary in any application.’’. 
SEC. 8032. CONSULTATION WITH THE GOVERNOR. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8540. CONSULTATION WITH THE GOV-
ERNOR. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State educational agen-
cy shall consult in a timely and meaningful manner with the Governor, or appropriate offi-cials from the Governor’s office, in the develop-ment of State plans under titles I and II and section 8302. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—The consultation described in 
subsection (a) shall include meetings of officials from the State educational agency and the Gov-ernor’s office and shall occur— 
‘‘(1) during the development of such plan; and ‘‘(2) prior to submission of the plan to the Sec-
retary. 
‘‘(c) J
OINT SIGNATURE AUTHORITY .—A Gov-
ernor shall have 30 days prior to the State edu-cational agency submitting the State plan under title I or II or section 8302 to the Secretary to sign such plan. If the Governor has not signed the plan within 30 days of delivery by the State educational agency to the Governor, the State educational agency shall submit the plan to the Secretary without such signature.’’. 
SEC. 8033. LOCAL GOVERNANCE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8541. LOCAL GOVERNANCE. 
‘‘(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to allow the Secretary to— 
‘‘(1) exercise any governance or authority over 
school administration, including the develop-ment and expenditure of school budgets, unless otherwise authorized under this Act; 
‘‘(2) issue any regulation without first com-
plying with the rulemaking requirements of sec-tion 553 of title 5, United States Code; or 
‘‘(3) issue any nonregulatory guidance with-
out first, to the extent feasible, considering input from stakeholders. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY UNDER OTHER LAW.—Nothing 
in subsection (a) shall be construed to affect any authority the Secretary has under any other Federal law.’’. 
SEC. 8034. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING 
TRAVEL TO AND FROM SCHOOL. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8542. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING 
TRAVEL TO AND FROM SCHOOL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
nothing in this Act shall authorize the Secretary to, or shall be construed to— 
‘‘(1) prohibit a child from traveling to and 
from school on foot or by car, bus, or bike when the parents of the child have given permission; or 
‘‘(2) expose parents to civil or criminal charges 
for allowing their child to responsibly and safe-ly travel to and from school by a means the par-ents believe is age appropriate. 
‘‘(b) N
OPREEMPTION OF STATE OR LOCAL 
LAWS.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt 
State or local laws.’’. 
SEC. 8035. LIMITATIONS ON SCHOOL-BASED 
HEALTH CENTERS. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8543. LIMITATIONS ON SCHOOL-BASED 
HEALTH CENTERS. 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 8102, funds used for 
activities under this Act shall be carried out in accordance with the provision of section 399z– 1(a)(3)(C) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280h–5(a)(3)(C)).’’. 
SEC. 8036. STATE CONTROL OVER STANDARDS. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8544. STATE CONTROL OVER STANDARDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act shall 
be construed to prohibit a State from with-drawing from the Common Core State Standards or from otherwise revising their standards. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION .—No officer or employee of 
the Federal Government shall, directly or indi-rectly, through grants, contracts or other coop-erative agreements, through waiver granted under section 8401 or through any other author-ity, take any action against a State that exer-cises its rights under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 8037. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROTECTING 
STUDENT PRIVACY. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8545. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PRO-
TECTING STUDENT PRIVACY. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1) Students’ personally identifiable informa-
tion is important to protect. 
‘‘(2) Students’ information should not be 
shared with individuals other than school offi-cials in charge of educating those students with-out clear notice to parents. 
‘‘(3) With the use of more technology, and 
more research about student learning, the re-sponsibility to protect students’ personally iden-tifiable information is more important than ever. 
‘‘(4) Regulations allowing more access to stu-
dents’ personal information could allow that in-formation to be shared or sold by individuals who do not have the best interest of the students in mind. 
‘‘(5) The Secretary has the responsibility to 
ensure every entity that receives funding under this Act holds any personally identifiable infor-mation in strict confidence. 
‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that the Secretary should review all regulations addressing issues of student pri-vacy, including those under this Act, and en-sure that students’ personally identifiable infor-mation is protected.’’. 
SEC. 8038. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-
TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8546. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-
TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State, State educational 
agency, or local educational agency in the case of a local educational agency that receives Fed-eral funds under this Act shall have laws, regu-lations, or policies that prohibit any individual who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local edu-cational agency, from assisting a school em-ployee, contractor, or agent in obtaining a new job, apart from the routine transmission of ad-ministrative and personnel files, if the indi-vidual or agency knows, or has probable cause 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8525 November 30, 2015 
to believe, that such school employee, con-
tractor, or agent engaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-
section (a) shall not apply if the information giving rise to probable cause— 
‘‘(1)(A) has been properly reported to a law 
enforcement agency with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct; and 
‘‘(B) has been properly reported to any other 
authorities as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and the regulations implementing such title under part 106 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, or any succeeding regulations; and 
‘‘(2)(A) the matter has been officially closed or 
the prosecutor or police with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct has investigated the alle-gations and notified school officials that there is insufficient information to establish probable cause that the school employee, contractor, or agent engaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law; 
‘‘(B) the school employee, contractor, or agent 
has been charged with, and acquitted or other-wise exonerated of the alleged misconduct; or 
‘‘(C) the case or investigation remains open 
and there have been no charges filed against, or indictment of, the school employee, contractor, or agent within 4 years of the date on which the information was reported to a law enforcement agency. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to mandate, direct, or con-trol the specific measures adopted by a State, State educational agency, or local educational agency under this section. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prevent a State from adopting, or to override a State law, regulation, or policy that provides, greater or additional protections to prohibit any individual who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee who engaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law in obtaining a new job.’’. 
SEC. 8039. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON RESTORA-
TION OF STATE SOVEREIGNTY OVER PUBLIC EDUCATION. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8547. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON RESTORA-
TION OF STATE SOVEREIGNTY OVER PUBLIC EDUCATION. 
‘‘It is the Sense of Congress that State and 
local officials should be consulted and made aware of the requirements that accompany par-ticipation in activities authorized under this Act prior to a State or local educational agency’s re-quest to participate in such activities.’’. 
SEC. 8040. PRIVACY. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8548. PRIVACY. 
‘‘The Secretary shall require an assurance 
that each grantee receiving funds under this Act understands the importance of privacy protec-tions for students and is aware of the respon-sibilities of the grantee under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cation Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’).’’. 
SEC. 8041. ANALYSIS AND PERIODIC REVIEW; 
SENSE OF CONGRESS; TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘SEC. 8549. ANALYSIS AND PERIODIC REVIEW OF 
DEPARTMENTAL GUIDANCE. 
‘‘The Secretary shall develop procedures for 
the approval and periodic review of significant guidance documents that include— 
‘‘(1) appropriate approval processes within the 
Department; 
‘‘(2) appropriate identification of the agency 
or office issuing the documents, the activities to which and the persons to whom the documents apply, and the date of issuance; 
‘‘(3) a publicly available list to identify those 
significant guidance documents that were issued, revised, or withdrawn within the past year; and 
‘‘(4) an opportunity for the public to request 
that an agency modify or rescind an existing significant guidance document. 
‘‘SEC. 8549A SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1) This Act prohibits the Federal Govern-
ment from mandating, directing, or controlling a State, local educational agency, or school’s cur-riculum, program of instruction, or allocation of State and local resources, and from mandating a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act. 
‘‘(2) This Act prohibits the Federal Govern-
ment from funding the development, pilot test-ing, field testing, implementation, administra-tion, or distribution of any federally sponsored national test in reading, mathematics, or any other subject, unless specifically and explicitly authorized by law. 
‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that States and local educational agencies retain the rights and responsibilities of determining educational curriculum, programs of instruction, and assessments for elementary and secondary education. 
‘‘SEC. 8549B. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EARLY 
LEARNING AND CHILD CARE. 
‘‘It is the Sense of the Congress that a State 
retains the right to make decisions, free from Federal intrusion, concerning its system of early learning and child care, and whether or not to use funding under this Act to offer early child-hood education programs. Such systems should continue to include robust choice for parents through a mixed delivery system of services so parents can determine the right early learning and child care option for their children. States, while protecting the rights of early learning and child care providers, retain the right to make de-cisions that shall include the age at which to set compulsory attendance in school, the content of a State’s early learning guidelines, and how to determine quality in programs. 
‘‘SEC. 8549C. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘If requested by a State or local educational 
agency, a regional educational laboratory under part D of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9561 et seq.) shall provide tech-nical assistance to such State or local edu-cational agency in meeting the requirements of section 8101(21).’’. 
SEC. 8042. EVALUATIONS. 
Section 8601, as redesignated by section 8001 
of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8601. EVALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS.—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (b) and (e), the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, may reserve not more than 0.5 percent of the amount appropriated for each program authorized under this Act to carry out activities under this section. If the Secretary elects to make a reservation under this sub-section, the reserved amounts— 
‘‘(1) shall first be used by the Secretary, act-
ing through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, to— 
‘‘(A) conduct comprehensive, high-quality 
evaluations of the programs that— 
‘‘(i) are consistent with the evaluation plan 
under subsection (d); and ‘‘(ii) primarily include impact evaluations 
that use experimental or quasi-experimental de-signs, where practicable and appropriate, and other rigorous methodologies that permit the strongest possible causal inferences; 
‘‘(B) conduct studies of the effectiveness of 
the programs and the administrative impact of the programs on schools and local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(C) widely disseminate evaluation findings 
under this section related to programs author-ized under this Act— 
‘‘(i) in a timely fashion; ‘‘(ii) in forms that are understandable, easily 
accessible, usable, and adaptable for use in the improvement of educational practice; 
‘‘(iii) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting, as available, to the websites of State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Institute of Education Sciences, or the Department, or in another rel-evant place; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner that promotes the utiliza-
tion of such findings; and 
‘‘(2) may be used by the Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences— 
‘‘(A) to evaluate the aggregate short- and 
long-term effects and cost efficiencies across— 
‘‘(i) Federal programs assisted or authorized 
under this Act; and 
‘‘(ii) related Federal early childhood edu-
cation programs, preschool programs, elemen-tary school programs, and secondary school pro-grams, under any other Federal law; 
‘‘(B) to increase the usefulness of the evalua-
tions conducted under this section by improving the quality, timeliness, efficiency, and use of in-formation relating to performance to promote continuous improvement of programs assisted or authorized under this Act; and 
‘‘(C) to assist recipients of grants under such 
programs in collecting and analyzing data and other activities related to conducting high-qual-ity evaluations under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) T
ITLE I.—The Secretary, acting through 
the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall use funds authorized under sec-tion 1002(e) to carry out evaluation activities under this section related to title I, and shall not reserve any other money from such title for evaluation. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSOLIDATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section or section 1002(e), the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences— 
‘‘(1) may consolidate the funds reserved under 
subsections (a) and (b) for purposes of carrying out the activities under subsection (a)(1); and 
‘‘(2) shall not be required to evaluate under 
subsection (a)(1) each program authorized under this Act each year. 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION PLAN.—The Director of the 
Institute of Education Sciences, shall, on a bi-ennial basis, develop, submit to Congress, and make publicly available an evaluation plan, that— 
‘‘(1) describes the specific activities that will 
be carried out under subsection (a) for the 2- year period applicable to the plan, and the timelines of such activities; 
‘‘(2) contains the results of the activities car-
ried out under subsection (a) for the most recent 2-year period; and 
‘‘(3) describes how programs authorized under 
this Act will be regularly evaluated. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION ACTIVITIES AUTHORIZED  
ELSEWHERE .—If, under any other provision of 
this Act, funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program, the Secretary may not reserve addi-tional funds under this section for the evalua-tion of that program.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8526 November 30, 2015 
TITLE IX—EDUCATION FOR THE 
HOMELESS AND OTHER LAWS 
PART A—HOMELESS CHILDREN AND 
YOUTHS 
SEC. 9101. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Section 721 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless 
Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘In any 
State’’ and all that follows through ‘‘will re-view’’ and inserting ‘‘In any State where com-pulsory residency requirements or other require-ments, in laws, regulations, practices, or poli-cies, may act as a barrier to the identification of, or the enrollment, attendance, or success in school of, homeless children and youths, the State educational agency and local educational agencies in the State will review’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘alone’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘challenging 
State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’. 
SEC. 9102. GRANTS FOR STATE AND LOCAL AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 722 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless 
Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(b) G RANTS FROM ALLOTMENTS .—The Sec-
retary shall make the grants to States from the allotments made under subsection (c)(1).’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘To provide’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘that enable’’ and inserting ‘‘To provide services and activities to improve the identification of homeless children and youths (including preschool-aged homeless children) and enable’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or, if’’ and inserting ‘‘includ-
ing, if’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘designate’’ 
and all that follows and inserting ‘‘designate in the State educational agency an Office of the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths that can sufficiently carry out the duties described for the Office in this subtitle in accordance with subsection (f).’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) To develop and implement professional 
development programs for liaisons designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) and other local educational agency personnel— 
‘‘(A) to improve their identification of home-
less children and youths; and 
‘‘(B) to heighten the awareness of the liaisons 
and personnel of, and their capacity to respond to, specific needs in the education of homeless children and youths.’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘a State 
through grants under subsection (a) to’’ after ‘‘each year to’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘funds made 
available for State use under this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘the grant funds remaining after the State educational agency distributes subgrants under paragraph (1)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(iv)(II), by striking 
‘‘sections 1111 and 1116’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (E)(ii)(II), by striking 
‘‘subsection (g)(6)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (g)(6)(A)(vi)’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (F)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause 
(II); 
(bb) by striking the period at the end of sub-
clause (III) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(cc) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) the progress the separate schools are 
making in helping all students meet the chal-lenging State academic standards.’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Education Assist-
ance Improvements Act of 2001, the’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The’’; 
(4) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(f) F
UNCTIONS OF THE OFFICE OF THE COOR-
DINATOR .—The Coordinator for Education of 
Homeless Children and Youths established in each State shall— 
‘‘(1) gather and make publicly available reli-
able, valid, and comprehensive information on— 
‘‘(A) the number of homeless children and 
youths identified in the State, which shall be posted annually on the State educational agen-cy’s website; 
‘‘(B) the nature and extent of the problems 
homeless children and youths have in gaining access to public preschool programs and to pub-lic elementary schools and secondary schools; 
‘‘(C) the difficulties in identifying the special 
needs and barriers to the participation and achievement of such children and youths; 
‘‘(D) any progress made by the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agencies in the State in addressing such problems and difficulties; and 
‘‘(E) the success of the programs under this 
subtitle in identifying homeless children and youths and allowing such children and youths to enroll in, attend, and succeed in, school; 
‘‘(2) develop and carry out the State plan de-
scribed in subsection (g); 
‘‘(3) collect data for and transmit to the Sec-
retary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require, a report con-taining information necessary to assess the edu-cational needs of homeless children and youths within the State, including data necessary for the Secretary to fulfill the responsibilities under section 724(h); 
‘‘(4) in order to improve the provision of com-
prehensive education and related services to homeless children and youths and their families, coordinate activities and collaborate with— 
‘‘(A) educators, including teachers, special 
education personnel, administrators, and child development and preschool program personnel; 
‘‘(B) providers of services to homeless children 
and youths and their families, including public and private child welfare and social services agencies, law enforcement agencies, juvenile and family courts, agencies providing mental health services, domestic violence agencies, child care providers, runaway and homeless youth centers, and providers of services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
‘‘(C) providers of emergency, transitional, and 
permanent housing to homeless children and youths, and their families, including public housing agencies, shelter operators, operators of transitional housing facilities, and providers of transitional living programs for homeless youths; 
‘‘(D) local educational agency liaisons des-
ignated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) for home-less children and youths; and 
‘‘(E) community organizations and groups 
representing homeless children and youths and their families; 
‘‘(5) provide technical assistance to and con-
duct monitoring of local educational agencies in coordination with local educational agency liai-sons designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii), to ensure that local educational agencies comply with the requirements of subsection (e)(3) and paragraphs (3) through (7) of subsection (g); 
‘‘(6) provide professional development oppor-
tunities for local educational agency personnel and the local educational agency liaison des-ignated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) to assist such personnel and liaison in identifying and meeting the needs of homeless children and youths, and provide training on the definitions of terms related to homelessness specified in sec-tions 103, 401, and 725 to the liaison; and 
‘‘(7) respond to inquiries from parents and 
guardians of homeless children and youths, and (in the case of unaccompanied youths) such 
youths, to ensure that each child or youth who is the subject of such an inquiry receives the full protections and services provided by this sub-title.’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (g) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(g) S
TATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any State desiring to 
receive a grant under this subtitle, the State educational agency shall submit to the Sec-retary a plan to provide for the education of homeless children and youths within the State. Such plan shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how such children and 
youths are (or will be) given the opportunity to meet the same challenging State academic standards as all students are expected to meet. 
‘‘(B) A description of the procedures the State 
educational agency will use to identify such children and youths in the State and to assess their needs. 
‘‘(C) A description of procedures for the 
prompt resolution of disputes regarding the edu-cational placement of homeless children and youths. 
‘‘(D) A description of programs for school per-
sonnel (including liaisons designated under sub-paragraph (J)(ii), principals and other school leaders, attendance officers, teachers, enroll-ment personnel, and specialized instructional support personnel) to heighten the awareness of such school personnel of the specific needs of homeless children and youths, including such children and youths who are runaway and homeless youths. 
‘‘(E) A description of procedures that ensure 
that homeless children and youths who meet the relevant eligibility criteria are able to partici-pate in Federal, State, or local nutrition pro-grams. 
‘‘(F) A description of procedures that ensure 
that— 
‘‘(i) homeless children have access to public 
preschool programs, administered by the State educational agency or local educational agency, as provided to other children in the State; 
‘‘(ii) youths described in section 725(2) and 
youths separated from public schools are identi-fied and accorded equal access to appropriate secondary education and support services, in-cluding by identifying and removing barriers that prevent youths described in this clause from receiving appropriate credit for full or par-tial coursework satisfactorily completed while attending a prior school, in accordance with State, local, and school policies; and 
‘‘(iii) homeless children and youths who meet 
the relevant eligibility criteria do not face bar-riers to accessing academic and extracurricular activities, including magnet school, summer school, career and technical education, ad-vanced placement, online learning, and charter school programs, if such programs are available at the State and local levels. 
‘‘(G) Strategies to address problems identified 
in the report provided to the Secretary under subsection (f)(3). 
‘‘(H) Strategies to address other problems with 
respect to the education of homeless children and youths, including problems resulting from enrollment delays that are caused by— 
‘‘(i) requirements of immunization and other 
required health records; 
‘‘(ii) residency requirements; ‘‘(iii) lack of birth certificates, school records, 
or other documentation; 
‘‘(iv) guardianship issues; or ‘‘(v) uniform or dress code requirements. ‘‘(I) A demonstration that the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agencies in the State have developed, and shall review and revise, policies to remove barriers to the identification of homeless children and youths, and the enrollment and retention of homeless children and youths in schools in the State, in-cluding barriers to enrollment and retention due to outstanding fees or fines, or absences. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8527 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(J) Assurances that the following will be car-
ried out: 
‘‘(i) The State educational agency and local 
educational agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure that homeless children and youths are not stigmatized or seg-regated on the basis of their status as homeless. 
‘‘(ii) The local educational agencies will des-
ignate an appropriate staff person, able to carry out the duties described in paragraph (6)(A), who may also be a coordinator for other Federal programs, as a local educational agency liaison for homeless children and youths. 
‘‘(iii) The State and the local educational 
agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure that transportation is pro-vided, at the request of the parent or guardian (or in the case of an unaccompanied youth, the liaison), to and from the school of origin (as de-termined under paragraph (3)), in accordance with the following, as applicable: 
‘‘(I) If the child or youth continues to live in 
the area served by the local educational agency in which the school of origin is located, the child’s or youth’s transportation to and from the school of origin shall be provided or ar-ranged by the local educational agency in which the school of origin is located. 
‘‘(II) If the child’s or youth’s living arrange-
ments in the area served by the local edu-cational agency of origin terminate and the child or youth, though continuing the child’s or youth’s education in the school of origin, begins living in an area served by another local edu-cational agency, the local educational agency of origin and the local educational agency in which the child or youth is living shall agree upon a method to apportion the responsibility and costs for providing the child or youth with transportation to and from the school of origin. If the local educational agencies are unable to agree upon such method, the responsibility and costs for transportation shall be shared equally. 
‘‘(iv) The State and the local educational 
agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure participation by liaisons de-scribed in clause (ii) in professional development and other technical assistance activities pro-vided pursuant to paragraphs (5) and (6) of sub-section (f), as determined appropriate by the Of-fice of the Coordinator. 
‘‘(K) A description of how youths described in 
section 725(2) will receive assistance from coun-selors to advise such youths, and prepare and improve the readiness of such youths for college. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each plan adopted under 
this subsection shall also describe how the State will ensure that local educational agencies in the State will comply with the requirements of paragraphs (3) through (7). 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION .—Such plan shall indi-
cate what technical assistance the State will furnish to local educational agencies and how compliance efforts will be coordinated with the local educational agency liaisons designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii). 
‘‘(3) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The local educational 
agency serving each child or youth to be as-sisted under this subtitle shall, according to the child’s or youth’s best interest— 
‘‘(i) continue the child’s or youth’s education 
in the school of origin for the duration of home-lessness— 
‘‘(I) in any case in which a family becomes 
homeless between academic years or during an academic year; and 
‘‘(II) for the remainder of the academic year, 
if the child or youth becomes permanently housed during an academic year; or 
‘‘(ii) enroll the child or youth in any public 
school that nonhomeless students who live in the attendance area in which the child or youth is actually living are eligible to attend. 
‘‘(B) S
CHOOL STABILITY .—In determining the 
best interest of the child or youth under sub-paragraph (A), the local educational agency 
shall— 
‘‘(i) presume that keeping the child or youth 
in the school of origin is in the child’s or youth’s best interest, except when doing so is contrary to the request of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian, or (in the case of an unac-companied youth) the youth; 
‘‘(ii) consider student-centered factors related 
to the child’s or youth’s best interest, including factors related to the impact of mobility on achievement, education, health, and safety of homeless children and youth, giving priority to the request of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; 
‘‘(iii) if, after conducting the best interest de-
termination based on consideration of the pre-sumption in clause (i) and the student-centered factors in clause (ii), the local educational agen-cy determines that it is not in the child’s or youth’s best interest to attend the school of ori-gin or the school requested by the parent or guardian, or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth, provide the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or the unaccompanied youth with a written explanation of the reasons for its determination, in a manner and form under-standable to such parent, guardian, or unac-companied youth, including information regard-ing the right to appeal under subparagraph (E); and 
‘‘(iv) in the case of an unaccompanied youth, 
ensure that the local educational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii) assists in placement or enrollment decisions under this subparagraph, gives priority to the views of such unaccompanied youth, and provides notice to such youth of the right to appeal under sub-paragraph (E). 
‘‘(C) I
MMEDIATE ENROLLMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The school selected in ac-
cordance with this paragraph shall immediately enroll the homeless child or youth, even if the child or youth— 
‘‘(I) is unable to produce records normally re-
quired for enrollment, such as previous aca-demic records, records of immunization and other required health records, proof of resi-dency, or other documentation; or 
‘‘(II) has missed application or enrollment 
deadlines during any period of homelessness. 
‘‘(ii) R
ELEVANT ACADEMIC RECORDS .—The en-
rolling school shall immediately contact the school last attended by the child or youth to ob-tain relevant academic and other records. 
‘‘(iii) R
ELEVANT HEALTH RECORDS .—If the 
child or youth needs to obtain immunizations or other required health records, the enrolling school shall immediately refer the parent or guardian of the child or youth, or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth, to the local educational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), who shall assist in obtaining necessary immunizations or screenings, or immunization or other required health records, in accordance with subpara-graph (D). 
‘‘(D) R
ECORDS .—Any record ordinarily kept 
by the school, including immunization or other required health records, academic records, birth certificates, guardianship records, and evalua-tions for special services or programs, regarding each homeless child or youth shall be main-tained— 
‘‘(i) so that the records involved are available, 
in a timely fashion, when a child or youth en-ters a new school or school district; and 
‘‘(ii) in a manner consistent with section 444 
of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
‘‘(E) E
NROLLMENT DISPUTES .—If a dispute 
arises over eligibility, or school selection or en-rollment in a school— 
‘‘(i) the child or youth shall be immediately 
enrolled in the school in which enrollment is sought, pending final resolution of the dispute, including all available appeals; ‘‘(ii) the parent or guardian of the child or 
youth or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth shall be provided with a writ-ten explanation of any decisions related to school selection or enrollment made by the school, the local educational agency, or the State educational agency involved, including the rights of the parent, guardian, or unaccom-panied youth to appeal such decisions; 
‘‘(iii) the parent, guardian, or unaccompanied 
youth shall be referred to the local educational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), who shall carry out the dispute resolu-tion process as described in paragraph (1)(C) as expeditiously as possible after receiving notice of the dispute; and 
‘‘(iv) in the case of an unaccompanied youth, 
the liaison shall ensure that the youth is imme-diately enrolled in the school in which the youth seeks enrollment pending resolution of such dispute. 
‘‘(F) P
LACEMENT CHOICE .—The choice regard-
ing placement shall be made regardless of whether the child or youth lives with the home-less parents or has been temporarily placed else-where. 
‘‘(G) P
RIVACY .—Information about a homeless 
child’s or youth’s living situation shall be treat-ed as a student education record, and shall not be deemed to be directory information, under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
‘‘(H) C
ONTACT INFORMATION .—Nothing in this 
subtitle shall prohibit a local educational agen-cy from requiring a parent or guardian of a homeless child or youth to submit contact infor-mation. 
‘‘(I) S
CHOOL OF ORIGIN DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph: 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘school of origin’ 
means the school that a child or youth attended when permanently housed or the school in which the child or youth was last enrolled, in-cluding a preschool. 
‘‘(ii) R
ECEIVING SCHOOL .—When the child or 
youth completes the final grade level served by the school of origin, as described in clause (i), the term ‘‘school of origin’’ shall include the designated receiving school at the next grade level for all feeder schools. 
‘‘(4) C
OMPARABLE SERVICES .—Each homeless 
child or youth to be assisted under this subtitle shall be provided services comparable to services offered to other students in the school selected under paragraph (3), including the following: 
‘‘(A) Transportation services. ‘‘(B) Educational services for which the child 
or youth meets the eligibility criteria, such as services provided under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) or similar State or local programs, educational programs for children with disabil-ities, and educational programs for English learners. 
‘‘(C) Programs in career and technical edu-
cation. 
‘‘(D) Programs for gifted and talented stu-
dents. 
‘‘(E) School nutrition programs. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency serving homeless children and youths that receives assistance under this subtitle shall coordinate— 
‘‘(i) the provision of services under this sub-
title with local social services agencies and other agencies or entities providing services to home-less children and youths and their families, in-cluding services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); and 
‘‘(ii) transportation, transfer of school 
records, and other interdistrict activities, with other local educational agencies. 
‘‘(B) H
OUSING ASSISTANCE .—If applicable, 
each State educational agency and local edu-cational agency that receives assistance under this subtitle shall coordinate with State and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8528 November 30, 2015 
local housing agencies responsible for devel-
oping the comprehensive housing affordability strategy described in section 105 of the Cran-ston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705) to minimize educational dis-ruption for children and youths who become homeless. 
‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION PURPOSE .—The coordina-
tion required under subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be designed to— 
‘‘(i) ensure that all homeless children and 
youths are promptly identified; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that all homeless children and 
youths have access to, and are in reasonable proximity to, available education and related support services; and 
‘‘(iii) raise the awareness of school personnel 
and service providers of the effects of short-term stays in a shelter and other challenges associ-ated with homelessness. 
‘‘(D) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS WITH  
DISABILITIES .—For children and youths who are 
to be assisted both under this subtitle, and under the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) or section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), each local educational agency shall coordinate the provision of services under this subtitle with the provision of programs for children with dis-abilities served by that local educational agency and other involved local educational agencies. 
‘‘(6) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY LIAISON .— 
‘‘(A) D UTIES .—Each local educational agency 
liaison for homeless children and youths, des-ignated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), shall ensure that— 
‘‘(i) homeless children and youths are identi-
fied by school personnel through outreach and coordination activities with other entities and agencies; 
‘‘(ii) homeless children and youths are en-
rolled in, and have a full and equal opportunity to succeed in, schools of that local educational agency; 
‘‘(iii) homeless families and homeless children 
and youths have access to and receive edu-cational services for which such families, chil-dren, and youths are eligible, including services through Head Start programs (including Early Head Start programs) under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), early intervention serv-ices under part C of the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), and other preschool programs administered by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(iv) homeless families and homeless children 
and youths receive referrals to health care serv-ices, dental services, mental health and sub-stance abuse services, housing services, and other appropriate services; 
‘‘(v) the parents or guardians of homeless 
children and youths are informed of the edu-cational and related opportunities available to their children and are provided with meaningful opportunities to participate in the education of their children; 
‘‘(vi) public notice of the educational rights of 
homeless children and youths is disseminated in locations frequented by parents or guardians of such children and youths, and unaccompanied youths, including schools, shelters, public li-braries, and soup kitchens, in a manner and form understandable to the parents and guard-ians of homeless children and youths, and unac-companied youths; 
‘‘(vii) enrollment disputes are mediated in ac-
cordance with paragraph (3)(E); 
‘‘(viii) the parent or guardian of a homeless 
child or youth, and any unaccompanied youth, is fully informed of all transportation services, including transportation to the school of origin, as described in paragraph (1)(J)(iii), and is as-sisted in accessing transportation to the school that is selected under paragraph (3)(A); 
‘‘(ix) school personnel providing services 
under this subtitle receive professional develop-ment and other support; and 
‘‘(x) unaccompanied youths— ‘‘(I) are enrolled in school; 
‘‘(II) have opportunities to meet the same 
challenging State academic standards as the State establishes for other children and youth, including through implementation of the proce-dures under paragraph (1)(F)(ii); and 
‘‘(III) are informed of their status as inde-
pendent students under section 480 of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv) and that the youths may obtain assistance from the local educational agency liaison to receive verification of such status for purposes of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid de-scribed in section 483 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE .—State Coordinators established 
under subsection (d)(3) and local educational agencies shall inform school personnel, service providers, advocates working with homeless families, parents and guardians of homeless children and youths, and homeless children and youths of the duties of the local educational agency liaisons, and publish an annually up-dated list of the liaisons on the State edu-cational agency’s website. 
‘‘(C) L
OCAL AND STATE COORDINATION .—Local 
educational agency liaisons for homeless chil-dren and youths shall, as a part of their duties, coordinate and collaborate with State Coordina-tors and community and school personnel re-sponsible for the provision of education and re-lated services to homeless children and youths. Such coordination shall include collecting and providing to the State Coordinator the reliable, valid, and comprehensive data needed to meet the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (3) of subsection (f). 
‘‘(D) H
OMELESS STATUS .—A local educational 
agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii) who receives training described in sub-section (f)(6) may affirm, without further agen-cy action by the Department of Housing and Urban Development, that a child or youth who is eligible for and participating in a program provided by the local educational agency, or the immediate family of such a child or youth, who meets the eligibility requirements of this Act for a program or service authorized under title IV, is eligible for such program or service. 
‘‘(7) R
EVIEW AND REVISIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency and local educational agency that re-ceives assistance under this subtitle shall review and revise any policies that may act as barriers to the identification of homeless children and youths or the enrollment of homeless children and youths in schools that are selected under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—In reviewing and revis-
ing such policies, consideration shall be given to issues concerning transportation, immunization, residency, birth certificates, school records and other documentation, and guardianship. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL ATTENTION .—Special attention 
shall be given to ensuring the identification, en-rollment, and attendance of homeless children and youths who are not currently attending school.’’; and 
(6) by striking subsection (h). 
SEC. 9103. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY SUB-
GRANTS. 
Section 723 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11433) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘facilitating 
the enrollment,’’ and inserting ‘‘facilitating the identification, enrollment,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘the related’’ be-fore ‘‘schools’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—Subgrants made 
under this section shall be for terms of not to ex-ceed 3 years.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the local educational 
agency will collect and promptly provide data requested by the State Coordinator pursuant to 
paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 722(f). 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the local educational 
agency will meet the requirements of section 722(g)(3).’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘preschool, elementary, and sec-ondary schools’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education and other preschool programs, ele-mentary schools, and secondary schools,’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘identi-
fication,’’ before ‘‘enrollment,’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘appli-
cation—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘application reflects coordination with other local and State agencies that serve homeless children and youths.’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(as of 
the date of submission of the application)’’ after ‘‘practice’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘extent 
to which the applicant will promote meaning-ful’’ after ‘‘The’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘within’’ 
and inserting ‘‘into’’; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (I); 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the 
following: 
‘‘(G) The extent to which the local edu-
cational agency will use the subgrant to lever-age resources, including by maximizing nonsubgrant funding for the position of the liai-son described in section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) and the provision of transportation. 
‘‘(H) How the local educational agency will 
use funds to serve homeless children and youths under section 1113(c)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6313(c)(3)).’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (I), as redesignated by 
clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Such’’ and inserting ‘‘The extent to which the applicant’s program meets such’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (4); and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the same 
challenging State academic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the same challenging State academic standards as’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘students with limited English 
proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘pupil serv-
ices’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support’’; 
(D) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and unac-
companied youths,’’ and inserting ‘‘particularly homeless children and youths who are not en-rolled in school,’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9) by striking ‘‘medical’’ 
and inserting ‘‘other required health’’; 
(F) in paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘parents’’ and inserting ‘‘par-
ents and guardians’’; and 
(ii) by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘, 
and other activities designed to increase the meaningful involvement of parents and guard-ians of homeless children or youths in the edu-cation of such children or youths’’; 
(G) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘pupil serv-
ices’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support services’’; 
(H) in paragraph (13), by inserting before the 
period at the end ‘‘and parental mental health or substance abuse problems’’; and 
(I) in paragraph (16), by inserting before the 
period at the end ‘‘and participate fully in school activities’’. 
SEC. 9104. SECRETARIAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 724 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless 
Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8529 November 30, 2015 
(1) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(c) N OTICE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, before 
the next school year that begins after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, update and disseminate nationwide the public notice described in this subsection (as in effect prior to such date) of the educational rights of homeless children and youths. 
‘‘(2) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall dis-
seminate the notice nationwide to all Federal agencies, and grant recipients, serving homeless families or homeless children and youths.’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION , DISSEMINATION , ANDTECH-
NICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall conduct 
evaluation, dissemination, and technical assist-ance activities for programs designed to meet the educational needs of homeless elementary and secondary school students, and may use funds appropriated under section 726 to conduct such activities.’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘60-day’’ and inserting ‘‘120- 
day’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘120-day’’ and inserting ‘‘180- 
day’’; 
(4) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall provide support and technical assistance to State educational agencies, concerning areas in which documented barriers to a free appropriate public education persist.’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (g) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(g) G
UIDELINES .—The Secretary shall de-
velop, issue, and publish in the Federal Reg-ister, not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, guidelines concerning ways in which a State— 
‘‘(1) may assist local educational agencies to 
implement the provisions related to homeless children and youths amended by that Act; and 
‘‘(2) may review and revise State policies and 
procedures that may present barriers to the identification of homeless children and youths, and the enrollment, attendance, and success of homeless children and youths in school.’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘location’’ and inserting ‘‘pri-
mary nighttime residence’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘in all areas served by local 
educational agencies’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(7) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘McKinney- 
Vento Homeless Education Assistance Improve-ments Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act’’. 
SEC. 9105. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 725 of the McKin-
ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘are aban-
doned’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or are awaiting foster care 
placement;’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘9101’’ and 
inserting ‘‘8101’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘youth not’’ 
and inserting ‘‘homeless child or youth not’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that is 
not a covered State, the amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
OVERED STATE .—In the case of a covered 
State, the amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall take effect on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
OVERED STATE.—For purposes of this sec-
tion the term ‘‘covered State’’ means a State that has a statutory law that defines or de-scribes the phrase ‘‘awaiting foster care place-ment’’, for purposes of a program under subtitle 
B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431 et seq.). 
SEC. 9106. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 726 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless 
Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11435) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 726. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this subtitle $85,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 9107. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as provided in section 9105(b) or as 
otherwise provided in this Act, this title and the amendments made by this title take effect on October 1, 2016. 
PART B—MISCELLANEOUS; OTHER LAWS 
SEC. 9201. FINDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS 
ON SEXUAL MISCONDUCT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) There are significant anecdotal reports 
that some schools and local educational agen-cies have failed to properly report allegations of sexual misconduct by employees, contractors, or agents. 
(2) Instead of reporting alleged sexual mis-
conduct to the appropriate authorities, such as the police or child welfare services, reports sug-gest that some schools or local educational agencies have kept information on allegations of sexual misconduct private or have entered into confidentiality agreements with the suspected employee, contractor, or agent who agrees to terminate employment with or discontinue work for the school or local educational agency. 
(3) The practice of withholding information 
on allegations of sexual misconduct can facili-tate the exposure of other students in other ju-risdictions to sexual misconduct. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) confidentiality agreements between local 
educational agencies or schools and child preda-tors should be prohibited; 
(2) local educational agencies or schools 
should not facilitate the transfer of child preda-tors to other local educational agencies or schools; and 
(3) States should require local educational 
agencies and schools to report any and all infor-mation regarding allegations of sexual mis-conduct to law enforcement and other appro-priate authorities. 
SEC. 9202. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FIRST 
AMENDMENT RIGHTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that a student, 
teacher, school administrator, or other school employee of an elementary school or secondary school retains the individual’s rights under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States during the school day or while on the grounds of an elementary school or sec-ondary school. 
SEC. 9203. PREVENTING IMPROPER USE OF TAX-
PAYER FUNDS. 
To address the misuse of taxpayer funds, the 
Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) require that each recipient of a grant or 
subgrant under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) display, in a public place, the hotline contact information of the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Education so that any indi-vidual who observes, detects, or suspects im-proper use of taxpayer funds can easily report such improper use; 
(2) annually notify employees of the Depart-
ment of Education of their responsibility to re-port fraud; and 
(3) require any applicant— (A) for a grant under such Act to provide an 
assurance to the Secretary that any information submitted when applying for such grant and re-sponding to monitoring and compliance reviews is truthful and accurate; and 
(B) for a subgrant under such Act to provide 
the assurance described in subparagraph (A) to the entity awarding the subgrant. SEC. 9204. ACCOUNTABILITY TO TAXPAYERS 
THROUGH MONITORING AND OVER-SIGHT. 
To improve monitoring and oversight of tax-
payer funds authorized for appropriation under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and to deter and prohibit waste, fraud, and abuse with respect to such funds, the Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) notify each recipient of a grant under such 
Act (and, if applicable, require the grantee to inform each subgrantee) of its responsibility to— 
(A) comply with all monitoring requirements 
under the applicable program or programs; and 
(B) monitor properly any subgrantee under 
the applicable program or programs; 
(2) review and analyze the results of moni-
toring and compliance reviews— 
(A) to understand trends and identify common 
issues; and 
(B) to issue guidance to help grantees address 
such issues before the loss or misuse of taxpayer funding occurs; 
(3) publicly report the work undertaken by the 
Secretary to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse with respect to such taxpayer funds; and 
(4) work with the Office of Inspector General 
of the Department of Education, as needed, to help ensure that employees of the Department understand how to adequately monitor grantees and to help grantees adequately monitor any subgrantees. 
SEC. 9205. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT ACTIONS TO 
ADDRESS OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Education shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the public through the website of the Department of Education, a re-port containing an update on the Department’s implementation of recommendations contained in reports from the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Education. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include— 
(1) a general review of the work of the Depart-
ment of Education to implement or address find-ings contained in reports from the Office of In-spector General of the Department of Education to improve monitoring and oversight of Federal programs, including— 
(A) the March 9, 2010, final management in-
formation report of the Office of Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Education addressing oversight by local educational agencies and au-thorized public chartering agencies; and 
(B) the September 2012 report of the Office of 
Inspector General of the Department of Edu-cation entitled ‘‘The Office of Innovation and Improvement’s Oversight and Monitoring of the Charter Schools Program’s Planning and Imple-mentation Grants Final Audit Report’’; and 
(2) a description of the actions the Depart-
ment of Education has taken to address the con-cerns described in reports of the Office of In-spector General of the Department of Education, including the reports described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 9206. POSTHUMOUS PARDON. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) John Arthur ‘‘Jack’’ Johnson was a flam-
boyant, defiant, and controversial figure in the history of the United States who challenged ra-cial biases. 
(2) Jack Johnson was born in Galveston, 
Texas, in 1878 to parents who were former slaves. 
(3) Jack Johnson became a professional boxer 
and traveled throughout the United States, fighting White and African-American heavyweights. 
(4) After being denied (on purely racial 
grounds) the opportunity to fight 2 White cham-pions, in 1908, Jack Johnson was granted an op-portunity by an Australian promoter to fight the reigning White title-holder, Tommy Burns. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8530 November 30, 2015 
(5) Jack Johnson defeated Tommy Burns to 
become the first African-American to hold the title of Heavyweight Champion of the World. 
(6) The victory by Jack Johnson over Tommy 
Burns prompted a search for a White boxer who could beat Jack Johnson, a recruitment effort that was dubbed the search for the ‘‘great white hope’’. 
(7) In 1910, a White former champion named 
Jim Jeffries left retirement to fight Jack Johnson in Reno, Nevada. 
(8) Jim Jeffries lost to Jack Johnson in what 
was deemed the ‘‘Battle of the Century’’. 
(9) The defeat of Jim Jeffries by Jack Johnson 
led to rioting, aggression against African-Ameri-cans, and the racially-motivated murder of Afri-can-Americans throughout the United States. 
(10) The relationships of Jack Johnson with 
White women compounded the resentment felt toward him by many Whites. 
(11) Between 1901 and 1910, 754 African-Amer-
icans were lynched, some simply for being ‘‘too familiar’’ with White women. 
(12) In 1910, Congress passed the Act of June 
25, 1910 (commonly known as the ‘‘White Slave Traffic Act’’ or the ‘‘Mann Act’’) (18 U.S.C. 2421 et seq.), which outlawed the transportation of women in interstate or foreign commerce ‘‘for the purpose of prostitution or debauchery, or for any other immoral purpose’’. 
(13) In October 1912, Jack Johnson became in-
volved with a White woman whose mother dis-approved of their relationship and sought action from the Department of Justice, claiming that Jack Johnson had abducted her daughter. 
(14) Jack Johnson was arrested by Federal 
marshals on October 18, 1912, for transporting the woman across State lines for an ‘‘immoral purpose’’ in violation of the Mann Act. 
(15) The Mann Act charges against Jack 
Johnson were dropped when the woman refused to cooperate with Federal authorities, and then married Jack Johnson. 
(16) Federal authorities persisted and sum-
moned a White woman named Belle Schreiber, who testified that Jack Johnson had transported her across State lines for the purpose of ‘‘pros-titution and debauchery’’. 
(17) In 1913, Jack Johnson was convicted of 
violating the Mann Act and sentenced to 1 year and 1 day in Federal prison. 
(18) Jack Johnson fled the United States to 
Canada and various European and South Amer-ican countries. 
(19) Jack Johnson lost the Heavyweight 
Championship title to Jess Willard in Cuba in 1915. 
(20) Jack Johnson returned to the United 
States in July 1920, surrendered to authorities, and served nearly a year in the Federal peniten-tiary in Leavenworth, Kansas. 
(21) Jack Johnson subsequently fought in box-
ing matches, but never regained the Heavy-weight Championship title. 
(22) Jack Johnson served the United States 
during World War II by encouraging citizens to buy war bonds and participating in exhibition boxing matches to promote the war bond cause. 
(23) Jack Johnson died in an automobile acci-
dent in 1946. 
(24) In 1954, Jack Johnson was inducted into 
the Boxing Hall of Fame. 
(25) Senate Concurrent Resolution 29, 111th 
Congress, agreed to July 29, 2009, expressed the sense of the 111th Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon for his ra-cially-motivated 1913 conviction. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—It remains the sense 
of Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon— 
(1) to expunge a racially-motivated abuse of 
the prosecutorial authority of the Federal Gov-ernment from the annals of criminal justice in the United States; and 
(2) in recognition of the athletic and cultural 
contributions of Jack Johnson to society. SEC. 9207. EDUCATION FLEXIBILITY PARTNER-
SHIP ACT OF 1999 REAUTHORIZA-TION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3(1) of the Edu-
cation Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 (20 U.S.C. 5891a(1)) is amended— 
(1) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘L
OCAL’’ and inserting ‘‘E DUCATIONAL SERVICE  
AGENCY ; LOCAL ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘The terms’’ and inserting 
‘‘The terms ‘educational service agency’,’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘section 9101’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 8101’’. 
(b) G ENERAL PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of the 
Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 (20 U.S.C. 5891b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. EDUCATIONAL FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E DUCATIONAL FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may carry 
out an educational flexibility program under which the Secretary authorizes a State edu-cational agency that serves an eligible State to waive statutory or regulatory requirements ap-plicable to one or more programs described in subsection (b), other than requirements de-scribed in subsection (c), for any local edu-cational agency, educational service agency, or school within the State. 
‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—Each eligible State par-
ticipating in the program described in subpara-graph (A) shall be known as an ‘Ed-Flex Part-nership State’. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—For the purpose of this 
section, the term ‘eligible State’ means a State that— 
‘‘(A) has— ‘‘(i) developed and implemented the chal-
lenging State academic standards, and aligned assessments, described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(b) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, and is producing the report cards required by section 1111(h) of such Act; or 
‘‘(ii) if the State has adopted new challenging 
State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as a result of the amend-ments made to such Act by the Every Student Succeeds Act, made substantial progress (as de-termined by the Secretary) toward developing and implementing such standards and toward producing the report cards required under sec-tion 1111(h) of such Act; 
‘‘(B) will hold local educational agencies, edu-
cational service agencies, and schools account-able for meeting the educational goals described in the local applications submitted under para-graph (4) and for engaging in technical assist-ance and, as applicable and appropriate, imple-menting comprehensive support and improve-ment activities and targeted support and im-provement activities under section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and 
‘‘(C) waives State statutory or regulatory re-
quirements relating to education while holding local educational agencies, educational service agencies, or schools within the State that are af-fected by such waivers accountable for the per-formance of the students who are affected by such waivers. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency desiring to participate in the edu-cational flexibility program under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. Each such application shall demonstrate that the eligible State has adopted an edu-cational flexibility plan for the State that in-cludes— 
‘‘(i) a description of the process the State edu-
cational agency will use to evaluate applica-tions from local educational agencies, edu-cational service agencies, or schools requesting waivers of— ‘‘(I) Federal statutory or regulatory require-
ments as described in paragraph (1)(A); and 
‘‘(II) State statutory or regulatory require-
ments relating to education; 
‘‘(ii) a detailed description of the State statu-
tory and regulatory requirements relating to education that the State educational agency will waive; 
‘‘(iii) a description of clear educational objec-
tives the State intends to meet under the edu-cational flexibility plan, which may include in-novative methods to leverage resources to im-prove program efficiencies that benefit students; 
‘‘(iv) a description of how the educational 
flexibility plan is coordinated with activities de-scribed in subsections (b), (c), and (d) of section 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965; 
‘‘(v) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will evaluate (consistent with the requirements of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) the perform-ance of students in the schools, educational service agencies, and local educational agencies affected by the waivers; and 
‘‘(vi) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will meet the requirements of paragraph (7). 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL AND CONSIDERATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—By not later than 90 days 
after the date on which a State has submitted an application described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall issue a written decision that explains why such application has been ap-proved or disapproved, and the process for revis-ing and resubmitting the application for recon-sideration. 
‘‘(ii) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary may approve 
an application described in subparagraph (A) only if the Secretary determines that such appli-cation demonstrates substantial promise of as-sisting the State educational agency and af-fected local educational agencies, educational service agencies, and schools within the State in carrying out comprehensive educational reform, after considering— 
‘‘(I) the eligibility of the State as described in 
paragraph (2); 
‘‘(II) the comprehensiveness and quality of 
the educational flexibility plan described in sub-paragraph (A); 
‘‘(III) the ability of the educational flexibility 
plan to ensure accountability for the activities and goals described in such plan; 
‘‘(IV) the degree to which the State’s objec-
tives described in subparagraph (A)(iii)— 
‘‘(aa) are clear and have the ability to be as-
sessed; and 
‘‘(bb) take into account the performance of 
local educational agencies, educational service agencies, or schools, and students, particularly those affected by waivers; 
‘‘(V) the significance of the State statutory or 
regulatory requirements relating to education that will be waived; and 
‘‘(VI) the quality of the State educational 
agency’s process for approving applications for waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory re-quirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) and for monitoring and evaluating the results of such waivers. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency, educational service agency, or school requesting a waiver of a Federal statutory or regulatory requirement as described in para-graph (1)(A) and any relevant State statutory or regulatory requirement from a State educational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably re-quire. Each such application shall— 
‘‘(i) indicate each Federal program affected 
and each statutory or regulatory requirement that will be waived; 
‘‘(ii) describe the purposes and overall ex-
pected results of waiving each such requirement, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8531 November 30, 2015 
which may include innovative methods to lever-
age resources to improve program efficiencies that benefit students; 
‘‘(iii) describe, for each school year, specific, 
measurable, educational goals for each local educational agency, educational service agency, or school affected by the proposed waiver, and for the students served by the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school who are affected by the waiver; 
‘‘(iv) explain why the waiver will assist the 
local educational agency, educational service agency, or school in reaching such goals; and 
‘‘(v) in the case of an application from a local 
educational agency or educational service agen-cy, describe how the agency will meet the re-quirements of paragraph (7). 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATION OF APPLICATIONS .—A State 
educational agency shall evaluate an applica-tion submitted under subparagraph (A) in ac-cordance with the State’s educational flexibility plan described in paragraph (3)(A). 
‘‘(C) A
PPROVAL .—A State educational agency 
shall not approve an application for a waiver under this paragraph unless— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency, educational 
service agency, or school requesting such waiver has developed a local reform plan that— 
‘‘(I) is applicable to such agency or school, re-
spectively; and 
‘‘(II) may include innovative methods to lever-
age resources to improve program efficiencies that benefit students; 
‘‘(ii) the waiver of Federal statutory or regu-
latory requirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) will assist the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school in reach-ing its educational goals, particularly goals with respect to school and student performance; and 
‘‘(iii) the State educational agency is satisfied 
that the underlying purposes of the statutory requirements of each program for which a waiv-er is granted will continue to be met. 
‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .—The State educational 
agency shall annually review the performance of any local educational agency, educational service agency, or school granted a waiver of Federal statutory or regulatory requirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) in accordance with the evaluation requirement described in paragraph (3)(A)(v), and shall terminate or tem-porarily suspend any waiver granted to the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school if the State educational agen-cy determines, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that— 
‘‘(i) there is compelling evidence of systematic 
waste, fraud, or abuse; 
‘‘(ii) the performance of the local educational 
agency, educational service agency, or school with respect to meeting the accountability re-quirement described in paragraph (2)(C) and the goals described in subparagraph (A)(iii) has been inadequate to justify continuation of such waiver; 
‘‘(iii) student achievement in the local edu-
cational agency, educational service agency, or school has decreased; or 
‘‘(iv) substantial progress has not been made 
toward meeting the long-term goals and meas-urements of interim progress established by the State under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(i) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘(5) O
VERSIGHT AND REPORTING .— 
‘‘(A) O VERSIGHT .—Each State educational 
agency participating in the educational flexi-bility program under this section shall annually monitor the activities of local educational agen-cies, educational service agencies, and schools receiving waivers under this section. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE REPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) A NNUAL REPORTS .—The State educational 
agency shall submit to the Secretary an annual report on the results of such oversight and the impact of the waivers on school and student performance. 
‘‘(ii) P
ERFORMANCE DATA .—Not later than 2 
years after the date a State is designated an Ed- Flex Partnership State, each such State shall 
include, as part of the State’s annual report submitted under clause (i), data demonstrating the degree to which progress has been made to-ward meeting the State’s educational objectives. The data, when applicable, shall include— 
‘‘(I) information on the total number of waiv-
ers granted for Federal and State statutory and regulatory requirements under this section, in-cluding the number of waivers granted for each type of waiver; 
‘‘(II) information describing the effect of the 
waivers on the implementation of State and local educational reforms pertaining to school and student performance; 
‘‘(III) information describing the relationship 
of the waivers to the performance of schools and students affected by the waivers; and 
‘‘(IV) an assurance from State program man-
agers that the data reported under this section are reliable, complete, and accurate, as defined by the State, or a description of a plan for im-proving the reliability, completeness, and accu-racy of such data as defined by the State. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARY ’S REPORTS .—The Secretary 
shall annually— 
‘‘(i) make each State report submitted under 
subparagraph (B) available to Congress and the public; and 
‘‘(ii) submit to Congress a report that summa-
rizes the State reports and describes the effects that the educational flexibility program under this section had on the implementation of State and local educational reforms and on the per-formance of students affected by the waivers. 
‘‘(6) D
URATION OF FEDERAL WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) D URATION .—The Secretary shall approve 
the application of a State educational agency under paragraph (3) for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(ii) A
UTOMATIC EXTENSION DURING REVIEW .— 
The Secretary shall automatically extend the authority of a State to continue as an Ed-Flex Partnership State until the Secretary has— 
‘‘(I) completed the performance review of the 
State educational agency’s educational flexi-bility plan as described in subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(II) issued a final decision on any pending 
request for renewal that was submitted by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(iii) E
XTENSION OF APPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary may extend the authority of a State to continue as an Ed-Flex Partnership State if the Secretary determines that the authority of the State educational agency to grant waivers— 
‘‘(I) has been effective in enabling such State 
or affected local educational agencies, edu-cational service agencies, or schools to carry out their State or local reform plans and to continue to meet the accountability requirement described in paragraph (2)(C); and 
‘‘(II) has improved student performance. ‘‘(B) P
ERFORMANCE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Following the expiration of 
an approved educational flexibility program for a State that is designated an Ed-Flex Partner-ship State, the Secretary shall have not more than 180 days to complete a review of the per-formance of the State educational agency in granting waivers of Federal statutory or regu-latory requirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) to determine if the State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) has achieved, or is making substantial 
progress towards achieving, the objectives de-scribed in the application submitted pursuant to paragraph (3)(A)(iii) and the specific long-term goals and measurements of interim progress es-tablished under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(i) of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and 
‘‘(II) demonstrates that local educational 
agencies, educational service agencies, or schools affected by the waiver authority or waivers have achieved, or are making progress toward achieving, the desired goals described in the application submitted pursuant to para-
graph (4)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(ii) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary shall terminate the authority of a State educational agency to grant waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory requirements as de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A) if the Secretary de-termines, after providing the State educational agency with notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that such agency’s performance has been inadequate to justify continuation of such authority based on such agency’s performance against the specific long-term goals and meas-urements of interim progress established under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency desiring to renew an approved edu-cational flexibility program under this section shall submit a request for renewal to the Sec-retary not later than the date of expiration of the approved educational flexibility program. 
‘‘(ii) T
IMING FOR RENEWAL .—The Secretary 
shall either approve or deny the request for re-newal by not later than 90 days after completing the performance review of the State described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(iii) D
ETERMINATION .—In deciding whether 
to extend a request of a State educational agen-cy for the authority to issue waivers under this section, the Secretary shall review the progress of the State educational agency to determine if the State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) has made progress toward achieving the 
objectives described in the State application sub-mitted pursuant to paragraph (3)(A)(iii); and 
‘‘(II) demonstrates in the request that local 
educational agencies, educational service agen-cies, or schools affected by the waiver authority or waivers have made progress toward achieving the desired goals described in the local applica-tion submitted pursuant to paragraph (4)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall termi-
nate or temporarily suspend the authority of a State educational agency to grant waivers under this section if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(I) there is compelling evidence of systematic 
waste, fraud or abuse; or 
‘‘(II) after notice and an opportunity for a 
hearing, such agency’s performance (including performance with respect to meeting the objec-tives described in paragraph (3)(A)(iii)) has been inadequate to justify continuation of such au-thority. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITED COMPLIANCE PERIOD .—A State 
whose authority to grant such waivers has been terminated shall have not more than 1 addi-tional fiscal year to come into compliance in order to seek renewal of the authority to grant waivers under this section. 
‘‘(7) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—Each 
State educational agency seeking waiver au-thority under this section and each local edu-cational agency, educational service agency, or school seeking a waiver under this section— 
‘‘(A) shall provide the public with adequate 
and efficient notice of the proposed waiver au-thority or waiver, consisting of a description of the agency’s application for the proposed waiver authority or waiver on each agency’s website, including a description of any improved student performance that is expected to result from the waiver authority or waiver; 
‘‘(B) shall provide the opportunity for par-
ents, educators, school administrators, and all other interested members of the community to comment regarding the proposed waiver author-ity or waiver; 
‘‘(C) shall provide the opportunity described 
in subparagraph (B) in accordance with any applicable State law specifying how the com-ments may be received, and how the comments may be reviewed by any member of the public; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8532 November 30, 2015 
‘‘(D) shall submit the comments received with 
the application of the agency or school to the Secretary or the State educational agency, as appropriate. 
‘‘(b) I
NCLUDED PROGRAMS .—The statutory or 
regulatory requirements referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) are any such requirements for pro-grams that are authorized under the following provisions and under which the Secretary pro-vides funds to State educational agencies on the basis of a formula: 
‘‘(1) The following provisions of the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title I (other than section 1111). ‘‘(B) Part C of title I. ‘‘(C) Part D of title I. ‘‘(D) Part A of title II. ‘‘(E) Part A of title IV. ‘‘(2) The Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-
nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
‘‘(c) W
AIVERS NOTAUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary and the State educational agency may not waive under subsection (a)(1)(A) any statu-tory or regulatory requirement— 
‘‘(1) relating to— ‘‘(A) maintenance of effort; ‘‘(B) comparability of services; ‘‘(C) equitable participation of students and 
professional staff in private schools; 
‘‘(D) parental participation and involvement; ‘‘(E) distribution of funds to States or to local 
educational agencies; 
‘‘(F) serving eligible school attendance areas 
in rank order in accordance with section 1113(a)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; 
‘‘(G) the selection of a school attendance area 
or school under subsections (a) and (b) of sec-tion 1113 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965, except that a State edu-cational agency may grant a waiver to allow a school attendance area or school to participate in activities under part A of title I of such Act if the percentage of children from low-income families in the school attendance area of such school or who attend such school is not less than 10 percentage points below the lowest per-centage of such children for any school attend-ance area or school of the local educational agency that meets the requirements of such sub-sections; 
‘‘(H) use of Federal funds to supplement, not 
supplant, non-Federal funds; and 
‘‘(I) applicable civil rights requirements; and ‘‘(2) unless the State educational agency can 
demonstrate that the underlying purposes of the statutory requirements of the program for which a waiver is granted continue to be met to the satisfaction of the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING ED-FLEX PART-
NERSHIP STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any designation of a State 
as an Ed-Flex Partnership State that was in ef-fect on the date of enactment of the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act shall be immediately extended for a period of not more than 5 years, if the Sec-retary makes the determination described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—The determination re-
ferred to in paragraph (1) is a determination that the performance of the State educational agency, in carrying out the programs for which the State has received a waiver under the edu-cational flexibility program, justifies the exten-sion of the designation. 
‘‘(e) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of the Sec-
retary’s decision to authorize State educational agencies to issue waivers under this section, in-cluding a description of the rationale the Sec-retary used to approve applications under sub-section (a)(3)(B), shall be published in the Fed-eral Register and the Secretary shall provide for the dissemination of such notice to State edu-cational agencies, interested parties (including educators, parents, students, and advocacy and civil rights organizations), and the public.’’. SEC. 9208. REPORT ON THE REDUCTION OF THE 
NUMBER AND PERCENTAGE OF STU-DENTS WHO DROP OUT OF SCHOOL. 
Not later than 5 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall evaluate the impact of section 1111(g)(1)(D) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(g)(1)(D)) on reducing the number and per-centage of students who drop out of school. 
SEC. 9209. REPORT ON SUBGROUP SAMPLE SIZE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall publish a report on— 
(1) best practices for determining valid, reli-
able, and statistically significant minimum num-bers of students for each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(c)(2)), as amended by this Act, for the purposes of inclusion as subgroups of students in an accountability system de-scribed in section 1111(c) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 6311(c)), as amended by this Act; and 
(2) how such minimum number that is deter-
mined will not reveal personally identifiable in-formation about students. 
(b) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall work with the Department of Education’s technical assistance providers and dissemination networks to ensure that such report is widely dissemi-nated— 
(1) to the public, State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, and schools; and 
(2) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting the report on the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or in an-other relevant place. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST RECOMMENDATION .— 
In carrying out this section, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall not rec-ommend any specific minimum number of stu-dents for each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(c)(2)), as amended by this Act. 
SEC. 9210. REPORT ON STUDENT HOME ACCESS 
TO DIGITAL LEARNING RESOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Di-rector of the Institute of Education Sciences shall complete a study on the educational im-pact of access to digital learning resources out-side of the classroom. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The study described in sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) an analysis of student habits related to 
digital learning resources outside of the class-room, including the location and types of de-vices and technologies that students use for edu-cational purposes; 
(2) an identification of the barriers students 
face in accessing digital learning resources out-side of the classroom; 
(3) a description of the challenges students 
who lack home Internet access face, including challenges related to— 
(A) student participation and engagement in 
the classroom; and 
(B) homework completion; (4) an analysis of how the barriers and chal-
lenges such students face impact the instruc-tional practice of educators; and 
(5) a description of the ways in which State 
educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, and other entities, including part-nerships of such entities, have developed effec-tive means to address the barriers and chal-lenges students face in accessing digital learn-ing resources outside of the classroom. 
(c) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study described in subsection (a)— 
(1) in a timely fashion to the public and the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and 
(2) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting, as available, to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or the Department of Education. 
SEC. 9211. STUDY ON THE TITLE I FORMULA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Part A of title I of the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) provides funding to local educational agencies through four separate formulas that have been added to the law over time, and which have ‘‘distinct allocation patterns, pro-viding varying shares of allocated funds to dif-ferent types of local educational agencies or States,’’ according to a 2015 report from the Congressional Research Service. 
(2) Minimal effort has been made by the Fed-
eral Government to determine if the four for-mulas are adequately delivering funds to local educational agencies with the highest district-wide poverty averages. 
(3) The formulas for distributing Targeted 
Grants and Education Finance Incentive grants use two weighting systems, one based on the percentage of children included in the deter-mination of grants to local educational agencies (percentage weighting), and another based on the absolute number of such children (number 
weighting). Both weighting systems have five quintiles with a roughly equal number of chil-dren in each quintile. Whichever of these weighting systems results in the highest total weighted formula child count for a local edu-cational agency is the weighting system used for that agency in the final allocation of Targeted and Education Finance Incentive Grant funds. 
(4) The Congressional Research Service has 
also said the number weighting alternative is generally more favorable to large local edu-cational agencies with much larger geographic boundaries and larger counts of eligible children than smaller local educational agencies with smaller counts, but potentially higher percent-ages, of eligible children, because large local educational agencies have many more children in the higher weighted quintiles. 
(5) In local educational agencies that are clas-
sified by the National Center for Education Sta-tistics as ‘‘Large City’’, 47 percent of all stu-dents attend schools with 75 percent or higher poverty. 
(b) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Di-rector of the Institute of Education Sciences shall complete a study on the effectiveness of the four part A of title I formulas, described in subsection (a), to deliver funds to the most eco-nomically disadvantaged communities. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study described in para-
graph (1) shall include— 
(A) an analysis of the distribution of part A of 
title I funds under the four formulas; 
(B) an analysis of how part A of title I funds 
are distributed among local educational agen-cies in each of the 12 locale types classified by the National Center on Education Statistics. 
(C) the extent to which the four formulas un-
duly benefit or unduly disadvantage any of the local educational agencies described in subpara-graph (B); 
(D) the extent to which the four formulas un-
duly benefit or unduly disadvantage high-pov-erty eligible school attendance areas in the local educational agencies described in subparagraph (B); 
(E) the extent to which the four formulas un-
duly benefit or unduly disadvantage lower pop-ulation local educational agencies with rel-atively high percentages of districtwide poverty; 
(F) the impact of number weighting and per-
centage weighting in the formulas for distrib-uting Targeted Grants and Education Finance Incentive Grants on each of the local edu-cational agencies described in subparagraph (B); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8533 November 30, 2015 
(G) the impact of number weighting and per-
centage weighting on targeting part A of title I funds to eligible school attendance areas with the highest concentrations of poverty in local educational agencies described in subparagraph (B), and local educational agencies described in subparagraph (B) with higher percentages of districtwide poverty; 
(H) an analysis of other studies and reports 
produced by public and non-public entities ex-amining the distribution of part A of title I funds under the four formulas; and 
(I) recommendations, as appropriate, for 
amending or consolidating the formulas to better target part A of title I funds to the most eco-nomically disadvantaged communities and most economically disadvantaged eligible school at-tendance areas. 
(3) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study conducted under this section— 
(A) in a timely fashion; (B) to— (i) the public; and (ii) the Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and 
(C) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting to the website of the In-stitute of Education Sciences or the Department of Education. 
SEC. 9212. PRESCHOOL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section 
are— 
(1) to assist States to develop, update, or im-
plement a strategic plan that facilitates collabo-ration and coordination among existing pro-grams of early childhood care and education in a mixed delivery system across the State de-signed to prepare low-income and disadvan-taged children to enter kindergarten and to im-prove transitions from such system into the local educational agency or elementary school that enrolls such children, by— 
(A) more efficiently using existing Federal, 
State, local, and non-governmental resources to align and strengthen the delivery of existing programs; 
(B) coordinating the delivery models and 
funding streams existing in the State’s mixed de-livery system; and 
(C) developing recommendations to better use 
existing resources in order to improve— 
(i) the overall participation of children in a 
mixed delivery system of Federal, State, and local early childhood education programs; 
(ii) program quality while maintaining avail-
ability of services; 
(iii) parental choice among existing programs; 
and 
(iv) school readiness for children from low-in-
come and disadvantaged families, including during such children’s transition into elemen-tary school; 
(2) to encourage partnerships among Head 
Start providers, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, private entities (including faith- and community-based entities), and local educational agencies, to im-prove coordination, program quality, and deliv-ery of services; and 
(3) to maximize parental choice among a 
mixed delivery system of early childhood edu-cation program providers. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) ESEA DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘elemen-
tary school’’, ‘‘local educational agency’’, and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(2) C
ENTER OF EXCELLENCE IN EARLY CHILD -
HOOD .—The term ‘‘Center of Excellence in Early 
Childhood’’ means a Center of Excellence in Early Childhood designated under section 657B(b) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9852b(b)). (3) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘‘early childhood education program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
(4) E
XISTING PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘existing 
program’’ means a Federal, State, local, or pri-vately-funded early childhood education pro-gram that— 
(A) was operating in the State on the day be-
fore the date of enactment of this Act; or 
(B) began operating in the State at any time 
on or after the date of enactment of this Act through funds that were not provided by a grant under this section. 
(5) M
IXED DELIVERY SYSTEM .—The term 
‘‘mixed delivery system’’ means a system— 
(A) of early childhood education services that 
are delivered through a combination of pro-grams, providers, and settings (such as Head Start, licensed family and center-based child care programs, public schools, and community- based organizations); and 
(B) that is supported with a combination of 
public funds and private funds. 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
(7) S TATE ADVISORY COUNCIL .—The term 
‘‘State Advisory Council’’ means a State Advi-sory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care designated or established under section 642B(b)(1)(A) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)(1)(A)). 
(c) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made avail-
able under subsection (k), the Secretary, jointly with the Secretary of Education, shall award grants to States to enable the States to carry out the activities described in subsection (f). 
(2) A
WARD BASIS .—Grants under this sub-
section shall be awarded— 
(A) on a competitive basis; and (B) with priority for States that meet the re-
quirements of subsection (e)(3). 
(3) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant awarded 
under paragraph (1) shall be for a period of not more than 1 year and may be renewed by the Secretary, jointly with the Secretary of Edu-cation, under subsection (g). 
(4) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each State that 
receives a grant under this section shall provide funds from non-Federal sources (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the ac-tivities supported by the grant, in an amount equal to not less than 30 percent of the amount of such grant. 
(d) I
NITIAL APPLICATION .—A State desiring a 
grant under subsection (c)(1) shall submit an application at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. The ap-plication shall contain— 
(1) an identification of the State entity that 
the Governor of the State has appointed to be responsible for duties under this section; 
(2) a description of how such State entity pro-
poses to accomplish the activities described in subsection (f) and meet the purposes of this sec-tion described in subsection (a), including— 
(A) a timeline for strategic planning activities; 
and 
(B) a description of how the strategic plan-
ning activities and the proposed activities de-scribed in subsection (f) will increase participa-tion of children from low-income and disadvan-taged families in high-quality early childhood education and preschool programs as a result of the grant; 
(3) a description of the Federal, State, and 
local existing programs in the State for which such State entity proposes to facilitate activities described in subsection (f), including— 
(A) programs carried out under the Head Start 
Act (42 U.S.C. 9801 et seq.), including the Early Head Start programs carried out under such Act; 
(B) child care programs carried out under the 
Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) or section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618); and (C) other Federal, State, and local programs 
of early learning and development, early child-hood education, and child care, operating in the State (including programs operated by Indian tribes and tribal organizations and private enti-ties, including faith- and community-based enti-ties), as of the date of the application for the grant; 
(4) a description of how the State entity, in 
collaboration with Centers of Excellence in Early Childhood, if appropriate, will provide technical assistance and disseminate best prac-tices; 
(5) a description of how the State plans to sus-
tain the activities described in, and carried out in accordance with, subsection (f) with non- Federal sources after grant funds under this section are no longer available, if the State plans to continue such activities after such time; and 
(6) a description of how the State entity will 
work with the State Advisory Council and Head Start collaboration offices. 
(e) R
EVIEW PROCESS .—The Secretary shall re-
view the applications submitted under sub-section (d) to— 
(1) determine which applications satisfy the 
requirements of such subsection; 
(2) confirm that each State submitting an ap-
plication has, as of the date of the application, a mixed delivery system in place; and 
(3) determine if a priority is merited in accord-
ance with subsection (c)(2)(B) because the State has never received— 
(A) a grant under subsection (c); or (B) a preschool development grant for devel-
opment or expansion under such program as it existed on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(f) U
SE OF FUNDS.—A State, acting through 
the State entity appointed under subsection (d)(1), that receives a grant under subsection (c)(1) shall use the grant funds for all of the fol-lowing activities: 
(1) Conducting a periodic statewide needs as-
sessment of— 
(A) the availability and quality of existing 
programs in the State, including such programs serving the most vulnerable or underserved pop-ulations and children in rural areas; 
(B) to the extent practicable, the unduplicated 
number of children being served in existing pro-grams; and 
(C) to the extent practicable, the unduplicated 
number of children awaiting service in such pro-grams. 
(2) Developing a strategic plan that rec-
ommends collaboration, coordination, and qual-ity improvement activities (including activities to improve children’s transition from early childhood education programs into elementary schools) among existing programs in the State and local educational agencies. Such plan shall include information that— 
(A) identifies opportunities for, and barriers 
to, collaboration and coordination among exist-ing programs in the State, including among State, local, and tribal (if applicable) agencies responsible for administering such programs; 
(B) recommends partnership opportunities 
among Head Start providers, local educational agencies, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private enti-ties (including faith- and community-based enti-ties) that would improve coordination, program quality, and delivery of services; 
(C) builds on existing plans and goals with re-
spect to early childhood education programs, in-cluding improving coordination and collabora-tion among such programs, of the State Advi-sory Council while incorporating new or up-dated Federal, State, and local statutory re-quirements, including— 
(i) the requirements of the Child Care and De-
velopment Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.); and 
(ii) when appropriate, information found in 
the report required under section 13 of the Child 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8534 November 30, 2015 
Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 
(Public Law 113–186; 128 Stat. 2002); and 
(D) describes how accomplishing the activities 
described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) will better serve children and families in existing programs and how such activities will increase the overall participation of children in the State. 
(3) Maximizing parental choice and knowl-
edge about the State’s mixed delivery system of existing programs and providers by— 
(A) ensuring that parents are provided infor-
mation about the variety of early childhood education programs for children from birth to kindergarten entry in the State’s mixed delivery system; and 
(B) promoting and increasing involvement by 
parents and family members, including families of low-income and disadvantaged children, in the development of their children and the tran-sition of such children from an early childhood education program into an elementary school. 
(4) Sharing best practices among early child-
hood education program providers in the State to increase collaboration and efficiency of serv-ices, including to improve transitions from such programs to elementary school. 
(5) After activities described in paragraphs (1) 
and (2) have been completed, improving the overall quality of early childhood education programs in the State, including by developing and implementing evidence-based practices that meet the requirements of section 8101(21)(A)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, to improve professional development for early childhood education providers and edu-cational opportunities for children. 
(g) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, jointly with 
the Secretary of Education, may use funds available under subsection (k) to award renewal grants to States described in paragraph (2) to enable such States to continue activities de-scribed in subsection (f) and to carry out addi-tional activities described in paragraph (6). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE STATES .—A State shall be eligible 
for a grant under paragraph (1) if— 
(A) the State has received a grant under sub-
section (c)(1) and the grant period has con-cluded; or 
(B)(i) the State has received a preschool devel-
opment grant for development or expansion under such program as it existed on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, and the grant period for such grant has concluded; and 
(ii) the Secretary allows such State to apply 
directly for a renewal grant under this sub-section, rather than an initial grant under sub-section (c)(1), and the State submits with its ap-plication the needs assessment completed under the preschool development grant (updated as necessary to reflect the needs of the State as of the time of the application) in place of the activ-ity described in subsection (f)(1). 
(3) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant awarded 
under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years and shall not be renewed. 
(4) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each State that 
receives a grant under this subsection shall pro-vide funds from non-Federal sources (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant, in an amount equal to not less than 30 percent of the amount of the grant. 
(5) A
PPLICATION .—A State described in para-
graph (2) that desires a grant under this sub-section shall submit an application for renewal at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. The application shall contain— 
(A) applicable information required in the ap-
plication described in subsection (d), and in the case of a State described in paragraph (2)(A), updated as the State determines necessary; 
(B) in the case of a State described in para-
graph (2)(A), a description of how funds were used for the activities described in subsection (f) in the initial grant period and the extent to which such activities will continue to be sup-
ported in the renewal period; 
(C) in the case of a State described in para-
graph (2)(B), how a needs assessment completed prior to the date of the application, such as the needs assessment completed under the preschool development grant program (as such program existed prior to the date of enactment of this Act), and updated as necessary in accordance with paragraph (2)(B)(ii), will be sufficient in-formation to inform the use of funds under this subsection, and a copy of such needs assess-ment; 
(D) a description of how funds will be used for 
the activities described in paragraph (6) during the renewal grant period, if the State proposes to use grant funds for such activities; and 
(E) in the case of a State that proposes to 
carry out activities described in paragraph (6) and to continue such activities after grant funds under this subsection are no longer available, a description of how such activities will be sus-tained with non-Federal sources after such time. 
(6) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives a 
grant under this subsection may use grant funds to award subgrants to programs in a mixed de-livery system across the State designed to benefit low-income and disadvantaged children prior to entering kindergarten, to— 
(i)(I) enable programs to implement activities 
addressing areas in need of improvement as de-termined by the State, through the use of funds for the activities described in paragraph (5)(C) or subsection (f), as applicable; and 
(II) as determined through the activities de-
scribed in paragraph (5)(C) or subsection (f), as applicable, expand access to such existing pro-grams; or 
(ii) develop new programs to address the needs 
of children and families eligible for, but not served by, such programs, if the State ensures that— 
(I) the distribution of subgrants under this 
subparagraph supports a mixed delivery system; and 
(II) funds made available under this subpara-
graph will be used to supplement, and not sup-plant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this section. 
(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding subgrants under 
subparagraph (A), a State shall prioritize activi-ties to improve areas in which there are State- identified needs that would improve services for low-income and disadvantaged children living in rural areas. 
(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State receiving a re-
newal grant under this subsection that elects to award subgrants under subparagraph (A) shall not— 
(i) for the first year of the renewal grant, use 
more than 60 percent of the grant funds avail-able for such year to award such subgrants; and 
(ii) for each of the second and third years of 
the renewal grant, use more than 75 percent of the grant funds available for such year to award such subgrants. 
(h) S
TATE REPORTING .— 
(1) I NITIAL GRANTS .—A State that receives an 
initial grant under subsection (c)(1) shall submit a final report to the Secretary not later than 6 months after the end of the grant period. The report shall include a description of— 
(A) how, and to what extent, the grant funds 
were utilized for activities described in sub-section (f), and any other activities through which funds were used to meet the purposes of this section, as described in subsection (a); 
(B) strategies undertaken at the State level 
and, if applicable, local or program level, to im-plement recommendations in the strategic plan developed under subsection (f)(2); 
(C)(i) any new partnerships among Head Start 
providers, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private enti-ties (including faith- and community-based enti-ties); and (ii) how these partnerships improve coordina-
tion and delivery of services; 
(D) if applicable, the degree to which the 
State used information from the report required under section 13 of the Child Care and Develop-ment Block Grant Act of 2014 to inform activities under this section, and how this information was useful in coordinating, and collaborating among, programs and funding sources; 
(E) the extent to which activities funded by 
the initial grant led to the blending or braiding of other public and private funding; 
(F) how information about available existing 
programs for children from birth to kindergarten entry was disseminated to parents and families, and how involvement by parents and family was improved; and 
(G) other State-determined and voluntarily 
provided information to share best practices re-garding early childhood education programs and the coordination of such programs. 
(2) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .—A State receiving a re-
newal grant under subsection (g) shall submit a follow-up report to the Secretary not later than 6 months after the end of the grant period that includes— 
(A) information described in subparagraphs 
(A) through (G) of paragraph (1), as applicable and updated for the period covered by the re-newal grant; and 
(B) if applicable, information on how the 
State was better able to serve children through the distribution of funds in accordance with subsection (g)(5), through— 
(i) a description of the activities conducted 
through the use of subgrant funds, including, where appropriate, measurable areas of program improvement and better use of existing re-sources; and 
(ii) best practices from the use of subgrant 
funds, including how to better serve the most vulnerable, underserved, and rural populations. 
(i) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
(1) L IMITATIONS ON FEDERAL INTERFERENCE .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to au-thorize the Secretary or the Secretary of Edu-cation to establish any criterion for grants made under this section that specifies, defines, or pre-scribes— 
(A) early learning and development guide-
lines, standards, or specific assessments, includ-ing the standards or measures that States use to develop, implement, or improve such guidelines, standards, or assessments; 
(B) specific measures or indicators of quality 
early learning and care, including— 
(i) the systems that States use to assess the 
quality of early childhood education programs and providers, school readiness, and achieve-ment; and 
(ii) the term ‘‘high-quality’’ as it relates to 
early learning, development, or care; 
(C) early learning or preschool curriculum, 
programs of instruction, or instructional con-tent; 
(D) teacher and staff qualifications and sala-
ries; 
(E) class sizes and ratios of children to in-
structional staff; 
(F) any new requirement that an early child-
hood education program is required to meet that is not explicitly authorized in this section; 
(G) the scope of programs, including length of 
program day and length of program year; and 
(H) any aspect or parameter of a teacher, 
principal, other school leader, or staff evalua-tion system within a State, local educational agency, or early childhood education program. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON GOVERNMENTAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to authorize the Secretary, Secretary of Education, the State, or any other governmental agency to alter requirements for existing pro-grams for which coordination and alignment ac-tivities are recommended under this section, or to force programs to adhere to any recommenda-tions developed through this program. The Sec-retary, Secretary of Education, State, or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8535 November 30, 2015 
governmental agency may only take an action 
described in the preceding sentence as otherwise authorized under Federal, State, or local law. 
(3) S
ECRETARY OF EDUCATION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary of Education to have sole decision- making or regulatory authority in carrying out the program authorized under this section. 
(j) P
LANNING AND TRANSITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The recipient of an award 
for a preschool development grant for develop-ment or expansion under such program as it ex-isted on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to receive funds in ac-cordance with the terms of such existing award. 
(2) T
RANSITION .—The Secretary, jointly with 
the Secretary of Education, shall take such steps as are necessary to ensure an orderly tran-sition to, and implementation of, the program under this section from the preschool develop-ment grants for development or expansion pro-gram as such program was operating prior to the date of enactment of this Act, in accordance with subsection (k). 
(k) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out this section $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
SEC. 9213. REVIEW OF FEDERAL EARLY CHILD-
HOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, in consultation with the heads of all Federal agencies that administer Federal early childhood education programs, shall con-duct an interdepartmental review of all early childhood education programs for children less than 6 years of age in order to— 
(1) develop a plan for the elimination of over-
lapping programs, as identified by the Govern-ment Accountability Office’s 2012 annual report (GAO–12–342SP); 
(2) determine if the activities conducted by 
States using grant funds from preschool devel-opment grants under section 9212 have led to better utilization of resources; and 
(3) make recommendations to Congress for 
streamlining all such programs. 
(b) R
EPORT AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, in consultation with the heads of all Federal agencies that ad-minister Federal early childhood education pro-grams, shall— 
(1) not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a detailed report that— 
(A) outlines the efficiencies that can be 
achieved by, and specific recommendations for, eliminating overlap and fragmentation among all Federal early childhood education programs; 
(B) explains how the use by States of pre-
school development grant funds under section 9212 has led to the better utilization of re-sources; and 
(C) builds upon the review of Federal early 
learning and care programs required under sec-tion 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–186; 128 Stat. 2002); and 
(2) annually prepare and submit to such Com-
mittees a detailed update of the report described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 9214. USE OF THE TERM ‘‘HIGHLY QUALI-
FIED’’ IN OTHER LAWS. 
(a) R EFERENCES .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of this Act— 
(1) any reference in sections 420N, 428J, 428K, 
and 460 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070g–2, 1078–10, 1078–11, and 1087j) to the term ‘‘highly qualified’’ as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 shall be treated as a reference to such term under such section 9101 as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) any reference in section 6112 of the Amer-
ica COMPETES Act (20 U.S.C. 9812), section 553 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (20 U.S.C. 9903), and section 9 of the Na-tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n), to ‘‘highly qualified’’, as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, with respect to a teacher, means that the teacher meets ap-plicable State certification and licensure re-quirements, including any requirements for cer-tification obtained through alternative routes to certification. 
(b) E
DUCATION SCIENCES REFORM ACT OF  
2002.—Section 153(a)(1)(F)(ii) of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543(a)(1)(F)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘teach-ers who are highly qualified (as such term is de-fined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801))’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who meet the applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification ob-tained through alternative routes to certifi-cation, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(14)(C).’’. 
(c) H
IGHER EDUCATION ACT OF 1965.—The 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 200— (A) by striking paragraph (13); (B) in paragraph (17)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘to 
become highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘who meets the applicable State certification and li-censure requirements, including any require-ments for certification obtained through alter-native routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (22)(D)(i), by striking ‘‘be-
comes highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘, with respect to special education teachers, meets the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act’’; 
(2) in section 201(3), by striking ‘‘highly quali-
fied teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who meet the applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special edu-cation teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act’’; 
(3) in section 202— 
(A) in subsection (b)(6)(H), by striking ‘‘high-
ly qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who meet the applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including any require-ments for certification obtained through alter-native routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act,’’; 
(B) subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘be 
highly qualified (including teachers in rural school districts who may teach multiple subjects, special educators, and teachers of students who are limited English proficient who may teach multiple subjects)’’ and inserting ‘‘meet the ap-plicable State certification and licensure re-quirements, including any requirements for cer-tification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special edu-cation teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act (including teachers in rural school districts, special educators, and teachers of students who are limited English proficient)’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘be-
come highly qualified, which may include train-ing in multiple subjects to teach multiple grade levels as may be needed for individuals pre-
paring to teach in rural communities and for in-dividuals preparing to teach students with dis-abilities as described in section 602(10)(D) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act’’ and inserting ‘‘meet the applicable State certifi-cation and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, which may include training in multiple subjects to teach multiple grade levels as may be needed for individuals preparing to teach in rural communities and for individuals preparing to teach students with disabilities’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘become 
highly qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘be-come teachers who meet the applicable State certification and licensure requirements, includ-ing any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act’’; and 
(C) in subsection (e)(2)(C)(iii), by striking sub-
clause (IV) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(IV) meet the applicable State certification 
and licensure requirements, including any re-quirements for certification obtained through al-ternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, when the applicant begins to fulfill the service obligation under this clause; and’’; 
(4) in section 204, by striking ‘‘highly quali-
fied teachers’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘teachers who meet the applicable State cer-tification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(14)(C)),’’; 
(5) in section 205(b)(1)(I), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who meet the applicable State certification and licen-sure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act’’; 
(6) in section 207(a)(1), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who meet the applicable State certification and licen-sure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act,’’; 
(7) in section 208(b)— (A) , by striking ‘‘are highly qualified, as re-
quired under section 1119 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘meet the applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including any require-ments for certification obtained through alter-native routes to certification,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘is highly qualified by the 
deadline, as required under section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act’’ and inserting ‘‘meets the qualifications de-scribed in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act’’; 
(8) in section 242(b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘are highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘meet the applicable State certification and li-censure requirements, including any require-ments for certification obtained through alter-native routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8536 November 30, 2015 
described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individ-
uals with Disabilities Education Act,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘are highly 
qualified,’’ and inserting ‘‘meet the applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification ob-tained through alternative routes to certifi-cation, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act,’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified teachers and principals’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who meet the applicable State certifi-cation and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, and highly qualified principals’’; 
(9) in section 251(b)(1)(A)(iii), by striking ‘‘are 
highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘meet the appli-cable State certification and licensure require-ments, including any requirements for certifi-cation obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special edu-cation teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act’’; 
(10) in section 255(k)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) meets the applicable State certification 
and licensure requirements, including any re-quirements for certification obtained through al-ternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘teacher 
who meets the requirements of section 9101(23) of such Act’’ and inserting ‘‘teacher who meets the applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special edu-cation teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act’’; 
(11) in section 258(d)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘highly qualified’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, who meet the applicable 
State certification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification ob-tained through alternative routes to certifi-cation, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act’’ before the period at the end; and 
(12) section 806— (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(2); and 
(B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who meet the applicable State certification and licen-sure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act,’’. 
(d) I
NDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES EDU-
CATION ACT.—The Individuals with Disabilities 
Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) is amend-ed— 
(1) in section 602, by striking paragraph (10); (2) in section 612(a)(14)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sec-
ondary school is highly qualified by the dead-line established in section 1119(a)(2) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘secondary school— 
‘‘(i) has obtained full State certification as a 
special education teacher (including partici-pating in an alternate route to certification as a special educator, if such alternate route meets minimum requirements described in section 
2005.56(a)(2)(ii) of title 34, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, as such section was in effect on No-vember 28, 2008), or passed the State special edu-cation teacher licensing examination, and holds a license to teach in the State as a special edu-cation teacher, except with respect to any teach-er teaching in a public charter school who shall meet the requirements set forth in the State’s public charter school law; 
‘‘(ii) has not had special education certifi-
cation or licensure requirements waived on an emergency, temporary, or provisional basis; and 
‘‘(iii) holds at least a bachelor’s degree.’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘personnel who meet the applicable requirements described in this paragraph’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘staff 
person to be highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘staff person to meet the applicable require-ments described in this paragraph’’; 
(3) in section 653(b)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who meet the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘teachers 
who are not highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘teachers who do not meet the qualifications de-scribed in section 612(a)(14)(C)’’; and 
(4) in section 654— (A) in subsection (a)(4), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘highly qualified special education teachers, particu-larly initiatives that have been proven effective in recruiting and retaining highly qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘special education teachers who meet the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C), particularly initiatives that have been proven effective in recruiting and retaining teachers’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘certification 
of special education teachers for highly quali-fied individuals with a baccalaureate or mas-ter’s degree’’ and inserting ‘‘certification of spe-cial education teachers for individuals with a baccalaureate or master’s degree who meet the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified special education teachers’’ and in-serting ‘‘special education teachers who meet the qualifications described in section 612(a)(14)(C)’’; and 
(C) in section 662— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified personnel, as defined in section 651(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘personnel, as defined in section 651(b), who meet the applicable require-ments described in section 612(a)(14)’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘special edu-
cation teachers are highly qualified’’ and insert-ing ‘‘special education teachers meet the quali-fications described in section 612(a)(14)(C)’’; 
(ii) in subsection (b)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘special edu-cation teachers who meet the qualifications de-scribed in section 612(a)(14)(C)’’; and 
(iii) in subsection (c)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘high-
ly qualified personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘per-sonnel who meet the applicable requirements de-scribed in section 612(a)(14)’’. 
(e) I
NDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES EDU-
CATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2004.—Section 
302(a) of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Improvement Act of 2004 (20 U.S.C. 1400 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘P
ARTD.—’’ through ‘‘parts 
A’’ and inserting ‘‘P ARTD.—Parts A’’ ; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 9215. ADDITIONAL CONFORMING AMEND-
MENTS TO OTHER LAWS. 
(a) A CT OF APRIL 16, 1934 ( POPULARLY KNOWN  
AS THE JOHNSON -O’M ALLEY ACT).—Section 5(a) 
of the Act of April 16, 1934 (popularly known as the Johnson-O’Malley Act) (25 U.S.C. 456(a)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 7114(c)(4) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6114(c)(4) of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(b) A
DAM WALSH CHILD PROTECTION AND  
SAFETY ACT OF 2006.—Section 153(h) of the 
Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16962(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(c) A
DULT EDUCATION AND LITERACY ACT.— 
Paragraph (8) of section 203 of the Adult Edu-cation and Literacy Act (29 U.S.C. 3272) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(8) E
SSENTIAL COMPONENTS OF READING IN -
STRUCTION .—The term ‘essential components of 
reading instruction’ means explicit and system-atic instruction in— 
‘‘(A) phonemic awareness; ‘‘(B) phonics; ‘‘(C) vocabulary development; ‘‘(D) reading fluency, including oral reading 
skills; and 
‘‘(E) reading comprehension strategies.’’. (d) A
GEDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 1975.—Sec-
tion 309(4)(B)(ii) of the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 (42 U.S.C. 6107(4)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(e) A
GEDISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT 
OF1967.—Section 4(l)(1)(B)(i)(I) of the Age Dis-
crimination in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C. 623(l)(1)(B)(i)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(f) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014.—Section 
7606(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 5940(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.),’’. 
(g) A
GRICULTURAL RESEARCH , EXTENSION , AND 
EDUCATION REFORM ACT OF 1998.—Section 
413(b)(4) of the Agricultural Research, Exten-sion, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7633(b)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(h) A
LBERT EINSTEIN DISTINGUISHED EDUCA -
TORFELLOWSHIP ACT OF 1994.—Each of para-
graphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 514 of the Al-bert Einstein Distinguished Educator Fellowship Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 7838b) are amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(i) A
MERICA COMPETES A CT.—The America 
COMPETES Act (Public Law 110–69) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 6002(a) (20 U.S.C. 9802(a)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(2) Section 6122 (20 U.S.C. 9832) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘The term 
‘low-income student’ has the meaning given the term ‘low-income individual’ in section 1707(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6537(3)).’’ and inserting ‘‘The term ‘low-income student’ means an individual who is determined by a State educational agen-cy or local educational agency to be a child ages 5 through 19, from a low-income family, on the basis of data used by the Secretary to determine allocations under section 1124 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, data on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8537 November 30, 2015 
children eligible for free or reduced-price 
lunches under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, data on children in families receiving assistance under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, or data on children eli-gible to receive medical assistance under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act, or through an alternate method that combines or extrapolates from those data.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘The term 
‘high concentration of low-income students’ has the meaning given the term in section 1707(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6537(2)).’’ and inserting ‘‘The term ‘high concentration of low-income stu-dents’, used with respect to a school, means a school that serves a student population 40 per-cent or more of who are low-income students.’’. 
(3) Section 6123 (20 U.S.C. 9833) is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the activi-
ties carried out under section 1705 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6535).’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘any activities carried out under section 4104 or 4107 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 that provide students access to accelerated learning programs that provide— 
‘‘(1) postsecondary level courses accepted for 
credit at institutions of higher education, in-cluding dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high schools; or 
‘‘(2) postsecondary level instruction and ex-
aminations that are accepted for credit at insti-tutions of higher education, including Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (j)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘section 
1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(h)(1)(C)(i))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
6311(b)(2)(B)(xi))’’. 
(4) Section 6401(e)(2)(D)(ii)(I) (20 U.S.C. 
9871(e)(2)(D)(ii)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘yearly test records of individual students with respect to assessments under section 1111(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘yearly test records of individual students with respect to assessments under section 1111(b)(2) of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2))’’. 
(5) Section 7001 (42 U.S.C. 1862o note) is 
amended— 
(A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’. 
(j) A
MERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS EDUCATION  
ACT OF 2004.—Section 2(d) of the American His-
tory and Civics Education Act of 2004 (20 U.S.C. 6713 note) is amended by striking ‘‘to carry out part D of title V of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out section 2232 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(k) A
NTI-DRUGABUSE ACT OF 1988.—Section 
3521(d)(8)(A) of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 11841(d)(8)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘education and instruction consistent with title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘education and in-struction consistent with part A of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(l) A
SSETS FOR INDEPENDENCE ACT.—Section 
404(11) of the Assets for Independence Act (42 U.S.C. 604 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 7207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Native Hawai-ian Education Act’’. (m) A
SSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY ACT OF 1998.—Sec-
tion 4(c)(2)(B)(i)(V) of the Assistive Technology Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 3003(c)(2)(B)(i)(V)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(n) C
ARLD. P ERKINS CAREER AND TECHNICAL  
EDUCATION ACT OF 2006.—The Carl D. Perkins 
Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 3 (20 U.S.C. 2302) is amended— (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘section 5210 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4310 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(B) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(C) in paragraph (19), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (27), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 8(e) (20 U.S.C. 2306a(e)) is amended 
by striking ‘‘section 1111(b)(1)(D) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(3) Section 113(b) (20 U.S.C. 2323(b)) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) by striking clause (i) and inserting the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(i) Student attainment of the challenging 
State academic standards, as adopted by a State in accordance with section 1111(b)(1) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and measured by the State determined levels of achievement on the academic assessments de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2) of such Act.’’; and 
(ii) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘(as described in 
section 1111(b)(2)(C)(vi) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(as described in section 1111(c)(4)(A)(i)(I)(bb) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)(C)(ii)(I), by striking 
‘‘categories’’ and inserting ‘‘subgroups’’. 
(4) Section 114(d)(4)(A)(iii)(I)(aa) (20 U.S.C. 
2324(d)(4)(A)(iii)(I)(aa)) is amended by striking ‘‘integrating those programs with academic con-tent standards and student academic achieve-ment standards, as adopted by States under sec-tion 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘integrating those programs with chal-lenging State academic standards, as adopted by States under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’. 
(5) Section 116(a)(5) (20 U.S.C. 2326(a)(5)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 7207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act (20 U.S.C. 7517)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act’’. 
(6) Section 122(c)(20 U.S.C. 2342(c)) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(I)(i), by striking 
‘‘aligned with rigorous and challenging aca-demic content standards and student academic achievement standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘aligned with challenging State academic standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (7)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘the 
core academic subjects (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘a well- 
rounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(7) Section 124(b)(4)(A) (20 U.S.C. 
2344(b)(4)(A)) is amended in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘the core academic subjects (as de-fined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘a well-rounded education (as defined in sec-tion 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’. 
(8) Section 134(b)(3) (20 U.S.C. 2354(b)(3)) is 
amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘the 
core academic subjects (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘a well- rounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘in core 
academic subjects (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘in order to provide a well- rounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(9) Section 135(b)(1)(A) (20 U.S.C. 
2355(b)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘the core academic subjects (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘a well-rounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(10) Section 203(c)(2)(D) (20 U.S.C. 
2373(c)(2)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘in core academic subjects (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘as part of a well-rounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(o) C
HILD ABUSE PREVENTION AND TREATMENT  
ACT.—Section 111(3) of the Child Abuse Preven-
tion and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 7207 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7517);’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’. 
(p) C
HILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT BLOCK  
GRANT ACT OF 1990.—The Child Care and Devel-
opment Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 658E(c)(2)(G)(ii)(V)(dd) (42 U.S.C. 
9858c(c)(2)(G)(ii)(V)(dd)) is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 7207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7517))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in section 6207 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’. 
(2) Section 658P(5) (42 U.S.C. 9858n(5)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘an individual who is lim-ited English proficient, as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801) or section 637 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9832)’’ and in-serting ‘‘an individual who is an English learn-er, as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, or who is limited English proficient, as defined in section 637 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9832)’’. 
(q) C
HILDREN ’SINTERNET PROTECTION ACT.— 
Section 1721(g) of the Children’s Internet Pro-tection Act (20 U.S.C. 9134 note; 114 Stat. 2763A- 350), as enacted into law by section 1(a)(4) of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Pub-lic Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763), is amended by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds available under section 3134 or part A of title VI of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, or under section 231 of the Library Services and Technology Act, may be used for the purchase or acquisition of technology protection measures that are nec-essary to meet the requirements of this title and the amendments made by this title.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8538 November 30, 2015 
law, funds available under part B of title I of 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, or under section 231 of the Library Services and Technology Act, may be used for the pur-chase or acquisition of technology protection measures that are necessary to meet the require-ments of this title and the amendments made by this title.’’. 
(r) C
IVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964.—Section 
606(2)(B) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d–4a(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘a local educational agency (as defined in sec-tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965),’’ and inserting ‘‘a local edu-cational agency (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965),’’. 
(s) C
OMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1934.—Section 
254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254(h)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5)(A)(iii), by striking ‘‘an el-
ementary or secondary school as defined in sec-tion 14101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 8801)’’ and in-serting ‘‘an elementary school or a secondary school as defined in section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (7)(A), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(t) C
OMMUNITY SERVICES BLOCK GRANT ACT.— 
Section 682(b)(4) of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9923(b)(4)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(u) C
ONGRESSIONAL AWARD ACT.—Section 
203(3)(A) of the Congressional Award Act (2 U.S.C. 812(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 14101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 8801)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(v) D
EPARTMENT OF EDUCATION ORGANIZATION  
ACT.—Section 215(b)(2)(A) of the Department of 
Education Organization Act (20 U.S.C. 3423c) is amended by striking ‘‘be responsible for admin-istering this title’’ and inserting ‘‘be responsible for administering part A of title VI of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(w) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY SCIENCE EDU-
CATION ENHANCEMENT ACT.—Section 3181(a)(1) 
of the Department of Energy Science Education Enhancement Act (42 U.S.C. 7381l(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘with a high concentration of low-income individuals (as defined in section 1707 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6537))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘in which 40 percent or more of the students attending the school are children from low-in-come families’’. 
(x) D
EPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND RE-
LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2001.— 
Section 303 of the Department of Transportation and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001, (49 U.S.C. 106 note; 114 Stat. 1356A-23), as en-acted into law by section 101(a) of the Act enti-tled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the De-partment of Transportation and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September, 30, 2001, and for other purposes’’, approved October 23, 2000 (Public Law 106-346; 114 Stat. 1356), is amended by striking ‘‘except as otherwise au-thorized by title VIII of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), for expenses of primary and secondary schooling for dependents of Federal Aviation Administration personnel stationed outside the continental United States at costs for any given area not in excess of those of the Department of Defense for the same area, when it is determined by the Secretary that the schools, if any, avail-able in the locality are unable to provide ade-quately for the education of such dependents;’’ and inserting ‘‘except as otherwise authorized 
by title VII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, for expenses of primary and secondary schooling for dependents of Fed-eral Aviation Administration personnel sta-tioned outside the continental United States at costs for any given area not in excess of those of the Department of Defense for the same area, when it is determined by the Secretary that the schools, if any, available in the locality are un-able to provide adequately for the education of such dependents;’’. 
(y) D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COLLEGE ACCESS  
ACT OF 1999.—Section 3(c)(5) of the District of 
Columbia College Access Act of 1999 (sec. 38- 2702(c)(5), D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘section 14101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 8801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(z) D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SCHOOL REFORM  
ACT OF 1995.—Section 2210(a) of the District of 
Columbia School Reform Act of 1995 (sec. 38– 1802.10(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(6) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN ESEA PROVI -
SIONS .—The following provisions of the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 shall not apply to a public charter school: 
‘‘(A) Paragraph (4) of section 1112(b) and 
paragraph (1) of section 1112(c). 
‘‘(B) Section 1113. ‘‘(C) Subsections (d) and (e) of section 1116. 
‘‘(D) Section 1117. ‘‘(E) Subsections (c) and (e) of section 1118.’’. (aa) E
ARTHQUAKE HAZARDS .—Section 
2(c)(1)(A) of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to author-ize appropriations for carrying out the Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 for fiscal years 1998 and 1999, and for other purposes’’, approved October 1, 1997 (42 U.S.C. 7704 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(bb) E
DUCATION AMENDMENTS OF 1972.—Sec-
tion 908(2)(B) of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1687(2)(B)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965), system of vocational education, or other school system;’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965), system of voca-tional education, or other school system;’’. 
(cc) E
DUCATION AMENDMENTS OF 1978.—Part 
B of title XI of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2000 et seq.) is amended as fol-lows: 
(1) Section 1139(e) (25 U.S.C. 2019(e)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘part B of title I of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 1141(9) (25 U.S.C. 2021(9)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 8801)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(dd) E
DUCATION FOR ECONOMIC SECURITY  
ACT.—The Education for Economic Security Act 
(20 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 3 (20 U.S.C. 3902) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘section 
198(a)(7) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and (D) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(2) Section 511 (20 U.S.C. 4020) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) of para-
graph (4) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) any local educational agency as defined 
in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) of para-
graph (5) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) any elementary school or secondary 
school as defined in section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 owned and operated by one or more nonprofit corporations or associations no part of the net earnings of which inures, or may lawfully inure, to the benefit of any private shareholder or individual; and’’. 
(ee) E
DUCATION OF THE DEAFACT OF 1986.— 
Section 104(b)(5) of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986 (20 U.S.C. 4304(b)(5)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘select chal-
lenging academic content standards, chal-lenging student academic achievement stand-ards, and academic assessments of a State, adopted and implemented, as appropriate, pur-suant to paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 1111(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1) and (3))’’ and inserting ‘‘select challenging State aca-demic content standards, aligned academic achievement standards, and State academic as-sessments of a State, adopted and implemented, as appropriate, pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(b) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1) and (2))’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘2009–2010 aca-
demic year’’ and inserting ‘‘2016–2017 academic year’’; 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) adopt the accountability system, con-
sistent with section 1111(c) of such Act, of the State from which standards and assessments are selected under subparagraph (A)(i); and’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘whether 
the programs at the Clerc Center are making adequate yearly progress’’ and inserting ‘‘the results of the annual evaluation of the programs at the Clerc Center’’. 
(ff) E
DUCATION SCIENCES REFORM ACT OF  
2002.—The Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9501 et seq.) is amended as fol-lows: 
(1) Paragraph (1) of section 102 (20 U.S.C. 
9501) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1)(A) I
N GENERAL .—The terms ‘elementary 
school’, ‘secondary school’, ‘local educational agency’, and ‘State educational agency’ have the meanings given those terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘(B) O
UTLYING AREAS .—The term ‘outlying 
areas’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 1121(c) of such Act. 
‘‘(C) F
REELY ASSOCIATED STATES .—The term 
‘freely associated states’ means the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau.’’. 
(2) Section 173(b) (20 U.S.C. 9563(b)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘part E of title I of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6491 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8601 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(gg) E
DUCATIONAL TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ACT 
OF2002.—The Educational Technical Assistance 
Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 202 (20 U.S.C. 9601) is amended by 
striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8539 November 30, 2015 
(2) Section 203 (20 U.S.C. 9602) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘the 
number of schools identified for school improve-ment (as described in section 1116(b) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘the number of schools implementing comprehensive support and improvement activities and targeted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(B) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘schools 
in the region that have been identified for school improvement under section 1116(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘schools in the region that are implementing comprehen-sive support and improvement activities or tar-geted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(C) in subsection (f)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘and 
encouraging and sustaining school improvement (as described in section 1116(b) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316(b)))’’ and inserting ‘‘, and particu-larly assisting those schools implementing com-prehensive support and improvement and tar-geted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965,’’. 
(hh) F
AMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT OF  
1993.—Section 108(a)(1)(A) of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (29 U.S.C. 2618(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(ii) F
AMILY VIOLENCE PREVENTION AND SERV-
ICESACT.—Section 302(6) of the Family Violence 
Prevention and Services Act (42 U.S.C. 10402(6)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘section 7207 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7517).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(jj) FDA F
OOD SAFETY MODERNIZATION  
ACT.—Section 112(a)(2) of the FDA Food Safety 
Modernization Act (21 U.S.C. 2205(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(kk) F
LOYD D. S PENCE NATIONAL DEFENSE AU-
THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR2001.—Sec-
tion 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (20 U.S.C. 7703a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘subpara-
graph (A)(ii), (B), (D)(i) or (D)(ii) of section 8003(a)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(a)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii) or (B), or clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (D), of section 7003(a)(1)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘section 
8013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)).’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 7013 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(ll) F
OOD AND AGRICULTURE ACT OF 1977.— 
Section 1417(j)(1)(B) of the Food and Agri-culture Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3152(j)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(mm) G
ENERAL EDUCATION PROVISIONS ACT.— 
The General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 425(6) (20 U.S.C. 1226c(6)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 9601 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8601 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 426 (20 U.S.C. 1228) is amended by 
striking ‘‘title VIII of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, but not including 
any portion of such funds as are attributable to children counted under section 8003(d) of such Act or residing on property described in section 8013(10) of such Act.’’ and inserting ‘‘title VII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, but not including any portion of such funds as are attributable to children counted under section 7003(d) of such Act or residing on property described in section 7013(10) of such Act.’’. 
(3) Section 429(d)(2)(B)(i) (20 U.S.C. 
1228c(d)(2)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘an el-ementary or secondary school as defined by the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘an elementary or sec-ondary school (as defined by the terms ‘elemen-tary school’ and ‘secondary school’ in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’. 
(4) Section 441(a) (20 U.S.C. 1232d(a)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘part C of title V of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) to the Secretary a general application’’ and in-serting ‘‘part D of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) to the Secretary a general application’’. 
(5) Section 445(c)(5)(D) (20 U.S.C. 
1232h(c)(5)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘part A of title V’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title IV’’. 
(nn) H
EADSTART ACT.—The Head Start Act 
(42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 637 (42 U.S.C. 9832) is amended— (A) in the paragraph relating to a delegate 
agency, by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) of the para-
graph relating to limited English proficient, by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)), an Alaska Native, or a native resident of an outlying area (as defined in such section 9101);’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in sec-tion 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965), an Alaska Native, or a na-tive resident of an outlying area (as defined in such section 8101);’’. 
(2) Section 641(d)(2) (42 U.S.C. 9836(d)(2)) is 
amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (H)— (i) by striking clause (i); (ii) by redesignating clauses (ii) through (vii) 
as clauses (i) through (vi), respectively; and 
(iii) in clause (i) (as so redesignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘other’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘that Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (J)(iii), by striking ‘‘, 
such as entities carrying out Even Start pro-grams under subpart 3 of part B of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6381 et seq.)’’. 
(3) Section 642 (42 U.S.C. 9837) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘, such as 
entities carrying out Even Start programs under subpart 3 of part B of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6381 et seq.)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘Even 
Start programs under subpart 3 of part B of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6381 et seq.),’’. 
(4) Section 642A(a) (42 U.S.C. 9837a(a)) is 
amended— 
(A) in paragraph (7)(B), by striking ‘‘the in-
formation provided to parents of limited English proficient children under section 3302 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7012)’’ and inserting ‘‘the information provided to parents of English learners under section 1112(e)(3) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of the 1965’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘parental in-
volvement efforts under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
6301 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement efforts under title I of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(5) Section 648(a)(3)(A)(iii) (42 U.S.C. 
9843(a)(3)(A)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘, and for activities described in section 1222(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965),’’. 
(6) Section 657B(c)(1)(B)(vi) (42 U.S.C. 
9852b(c)(1)(B)(vi)) is amended— 
(A) by striking subclause (III); (B) by redesignating subclauses (IV) through 
(VII) as subclauses (III) through (VI), respec-tively; and 
(C) in subclause (III) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘other’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘that Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(oo) H
IGHER EDUCATION ACT OF 1965.—The 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 103 (20 U.S.C. 1003) is amended— (A) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(C) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(D) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (21), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 200 (20 U.S.C. 1021) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘The term 
‘core academic subjects’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘The term ‘core academic subjects’ means English, reading or language arts, mathematics, science, foreign languages, civics and govern-ment, economics, arts, history, and geography’’; 
(B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(C) in paragraph (6)(B), by striking ‘‘section 
5210 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4310 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’; 
(D) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(7) E
SSENTIAL COMPONENTS OF READING IN -
STRUCTION .—The term ‘essential components of 
reading instruction’ has the meaning given the term in section 1208 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 as such section was in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of the Every Student Succeeds Act.’’; 
(E) by striking paragraph (8) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(8) E
XEMPLARY TEACHER .—The term ‘exem-
plary teacher’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as such section was in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act.’’; 
(F) in paragraph (10)(A)— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘section 6211(b) 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5211(b) of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8540 November 30, 2015 
(ii) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘section 6221(b) 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5221(b) of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(G) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘The term 
‘limited English proficient’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and in-serting ‘‘The term ‘limited English proficient’ has the meaning given the term ‘English learn-er’ in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965.’’; 
(H) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(I) in paragraph (19), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(3) Section 202 (20 U.S.C. 1022a) is amended in 
subsection (b)(6)(E)(ii), by striking ‘‘student academic achievement standards and academic content standards under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965,’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State aca-demic standards under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965,’’. 
(4) Section 205(b)(1)(C) (20 U.S.C. 
1022d(b)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘are aligned with the State’s challenging academic content standards required under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘are aligned with the challenging State academic standards required under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(5) Section 241 (20 U.S.C. 1033)) is amended by 
striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(2) S
CIENTIFICALLY BASED READING RE -
SEARCH .—The term ‘scientifically based reading 
research’— 
‘‘(A) means research that applies rigorous, 
systemic, and objective procedures to obtain valid knowledge relevant to reading develop-ment, reading instruction, and reading difficul-ties; and 
‘‘(B) includes research that— ‘‘(i) employs systemic, empirical methods that 
draw on observation or experiment; 
‘‘(ii) involves rigorous data analyses that are 
adequate to test the stated hypotheses and jus-tify the general conclusions drawn; 
‘‘(iii) relies on measurements or observational 
methods that provide valid data across eval-uators and observers and across multiple meas-urements and observations; and 
‘‘(iv) has been accepted by a peer-reviewed 
journal or approved by a panel of independent experts through a comparably rigorous, objec-tive, and scientific review.’’. 
(6) Section 317(b) (20 U.S.C. 1059d(b)) is 
amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 7306 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6306 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 7207 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and’’. 
(7) Section 402E(d)(2) (20 U.S.C. 1070a– 
15(d)(2)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Alaska 
Natives, as defined in section 7306 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’ and inserting ‘‘Alaska Natives, as defined in section 6306 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Native 
Hawaiians, as defined in section 7207 of such Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Native Hawaiians, as de-
fined in section 6207 of such Act’’. 
(8) Section 428K (20 U.S.C. 1078–11) is amend-
ed in subsection (b)— 
(A) in paragraph (5)(B)(iv), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (8) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(8) S
CHOOL COUNSELORS .—The individual— 
‘‘(A) is employed full-time as a school coun-
selor who has documented competence in coun-seling children and adolescents in a school set-ting and who— 
‘‘(i) is licensed by the State or certified by an 
independent professional regulatory authority; 
‘‘(ii) in the absence of such State licensure or 
certification, possesses national certification in school counseling or a specialty of counseling granted by an independent professional organi-zation; or 
‘‘(iii) holds a minimum of a master’s degree in 
school counseling from a program accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs or the equiva-lent; and 
‘‘(B) is so employed in a school that qualifies 
under section 465(a)(2)(A) for loan cancellation for Perkins loan recipients who teach in such a school.’’. 
(9) Section 469(a) (20 U.S.C. 1087ii(a)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘eligible to be counted under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible to be counted under section 1124(c) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(10) Section 481(f) (20 U.S.C. 1088(f)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(11) Section 819(b) (20 U.S.C. 1161j) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 7306 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6306 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 7207 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(12) Section 861(c)(2)(A) (20 U.S.C. 
1161q(c)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(pp) I
MPACT AIDIMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2012.— 
Section 563(c)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1748; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note) as amended by section 7001(a), is further amended by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding section 8005(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7705(d)), subsection (b)(1), and the amendments made by subsection (b)(1), shall take effect with respect to applications sub-mitted under section 8002 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7702) for fiscal year 2010.’’ and inserting ‘‘With respect to applications submitted under section 8002 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965, as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, for fiscal year 2010, title VIII of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (including the amendments made by subsection (b)(1)), as in effect on such date, and subsection (b)(1) shall take effect with respect to such applications, notwithstanding section 8005(d) of such Act, as in effect on such date.’’. 
(qq) I
NDIAN HEALTH CARE IMPROVEMENT  
ACT.—Section 726(b)(3)(D)(iii) of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 
1667e(b)(3)(D)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘a school receiving payments under section 8002 or 8003 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7702, 7703).’’ and inserting ‘‘a school receiving payments under section 7002 or 7003 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(rr) I
NDIAN SELF-DETERMINATION AND EDU-
CATION ASSISTANCE ACT.—Section 209 of the In-
dian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 458e) is amended by striking ‘‘assistance provided under title IX of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘assistance provided under title VI of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(ss) I
NDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES EDU-
CATION ACT.—The Individuals with Disabilities 
Education Act is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 602 (20 U.S.C. 1401) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) in paragraph (8)(a)(3), by striking ‘‘under 
parts A and B of title III of that Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘under part A of title III of that Act’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (18) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(18) L
IMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT .—The term 
‘limited English proficient’ has the meaning given the term ‘English learner’ in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(2) Section 611(e) (20 U.S.C. 1411(e)) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (2)(C)— (i) in clause (x), by striking ‘‘6111 of the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘1201 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(ii) in clause (xi)— (I) by striking ‘‘including supplemental edu-
cational services as defined in 1116(e) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to children with disabilities, in schools or local educational agencies identified for improvement under section 1116 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 on the sole basis of the assessment results of the disaggregated subgroup of children with disabilities’’ and in-serting ‘‘including direct student services de-scribed in section 1003A(c)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to chil-dren with disabilities, to schools or local edu-cational agencies implementing comprehensive support and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities under sec-tion 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 on the basis of consistent underperformance of the disaggregated sub-group of children with disabilities’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘to meet or exceed the objec-
tives established by the State under section 1111(b)(2)(G) the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘based on the challenging academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1) of such Act’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(C)(ii)(I)(bb), by striking 
‘‘section 9101’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101’’. 
(3) Section 612(a) (20 U.S.C. 1412(a)) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (15)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking clause (ii) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) are the same as the State’s long-term 
goals and measurements of interim progress for children with disabilities under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(i) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965;’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘includ-
ing measurable annual objectives for progress by children with disabilities under section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘including measurements of interim progress for children with disabilities under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(i)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (16)(C)(ii)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8541 November 30, 2015 
(i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘State’s chal-
lenging academic content standards and chal-lenging student academic achievement stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State aca-demic content standards under section 1111(b)(1) 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and alternate academic achievement standards under section 1111(b)(1)(E) of such Act’’; and 
(ii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘the regula-
tions promulgated to carry out section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(b)(1)(E) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965,’’. 
(4) Section 613(a) (20 U.S.C. 1413(a)) is amend-
ed in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘subject to the requirements of section 612(a)(14) and section 2122 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to the requirements of section 612(a)(14) and section 2102(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’. 
(5) Section 614(b)(5)(A) (20 U.S.C. 
1414(b)(5)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act’’ after ‘‘1965’’. 
(6) Section 651(c)(5)(E) (20 U.S.C. 
1451(c)(5)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘and 2112,’’ and inserting ‘‘and 2101(d)’’. 
(7) Section 653(b)(3) (20 U.S.C. 1453(b)(3)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘and 2112,’’ and inserting ‘‘and 2101(d),’’. 
(8) Section 654 (20 U.S.C. 1454) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State student academic achievement and functional standards and with the requirements for professional development, as defined in sec-tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic achievement standards and with the requirements for professional development, as defined in section 8101 of such Act’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(10), by inserting ‘‘(as 
such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act)’’ after ‘‘1965’’. 
(9) Section 662(b)(2)(A)(viii) (20 U.S.C. 
1462(b)(2)(A)(viii)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 7113(d)(1)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6113(d)(1)(A)(ii)’’. 
(10) Section 663(b)(2) (20 U.S.C. 1463(b)(2)) is 
amended by striking and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(2) improving the alignment, compatibility, 
and development of valid and reliable assess-ments and alternate assessments for assessing student academic achievement, as described under section 1111(b)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’. 
(11) Section 681(d)(3)(K) (20 U.S.C. 
1481(d)(3)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘payments under title VIII of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965;’’ and inserting ‘‘payments under title VII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’. 
(tt) N
ATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947.—Section 
1015(2)(A) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 441j-4(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101(26) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(26)));’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965);’’. 
(uu) I
NTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986.—The 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 54E(d)(2) is amended by striking 
‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’. (2) Section 457(e)(11)(D)(ii)(I) is amended by 
striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(3) Section 1397E(d)(4)(B) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(vv) J
AMES MADISON MEMORIAL FELLOWSHIP  
ACT.—Section 815(4) of the James Madison Me-
morial Fellowship Act (20 U.S.C. 4514(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘9101’’ and inserting ‘‘8101’’. 
(ww) J
OHN WARNER NATIONAL DEFENSE AU-
THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR2007.—Sec-
tion 572(c) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109- 364; 120 Stat. 2226) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 8013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7713(9))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(xx) L
EGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS  
ACT, 1987.—Section 104(3)(B)(ii) of the Legisla-
tive Branch Appropriations Act, 1987 (as incor-porated by reference in section 101(j) of Public Law 99–500 and Public Law 99–591) (2 U.S.C. 5540(3)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘given such terms in section 9101’’ and inserting ‘‘given the terms elementary school and secondary school in section 8101’’. 
(yy) L
EGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS  
ACT, 1997.—Section 5(d)(1) of the Legislative 
Branch Appropriations Act, 1997 (2 U.S.C. 66319(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘public ele-mentary or secondary school as such terms are defined in section 9101’’ and inserting ‘‘elemen-tary school or secondary school, as such terms are defined in section 8101’’. 
(zz) M
CKINNEY -VENTO HOMELESS ASSISTANCE  
ACT.—Section 725(3) of the McKinney-Vento 
Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(aaa) M
USEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES ACT.— 
The Museum and Library Services Act (20 U.S.C. 9161 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 204(f) (20 U.S.C. 9103(f)) is amend-
ed by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) activities under section 2226 of the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’. 
(2) Section 224(b)(6)(A) (20 U.S.C. 
9134(b)(6)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘including coordination with the activities within the State that are supported by a grant under section 1251 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6383)’’ and inserting ‘‘includ-ing coordination with the activities within the State that are supported by a grant under sec-tion 2226 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’. 
(3) Section 261 (20 U.S.C. 9161) is amended by 
striking ‘‘represent Native Hawaiians (as the term is defined in section 7207 of the Native Ha-waiian Education Act’’ and inserting ‘‘represent Native Hawaiians (as the term is defined in sec-tion 6207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act)’’. 
(4) Section 274(d) (20 U.S.C. 9173(d)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘represent Native Hawaiians (as defined in section 7207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act (20 U.S.C. 7517)),’’ and inserting ‘‘represent Native Hawaiians (as defined in sec-tion 6207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act),’’. 
(bbb) N
ATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE ACT 
OF1990.—The National and Community Service 
Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12501 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 101 (42 U.S.C. 12511) is amended— (A) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(B) in paragraph (24), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(C) in paragraph (39), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (45), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 112(a)(1)(F) (42 U.S.C. 
12523(a)(1)(F)) is amended by striking ‘‘not mak-ing adequate yearly progress for two or more consecutive years under section 1111 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘imple-menting comprehensive support and improve-ment activities or targeted support and improve-ment activities under section 1111(d) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(3) Section 119(a)(2)(A)(ii)(II) (42 U.S.C. 12563) 
is amended by striking ‘‘the graduation rate (as defined in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(vi) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)(C)(vi)) and as clarified in applicable regulations promulgated by the De-partment of Education’’ and inserting ‘‘the four-year adjusted cohort graduation rate (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(4) Section 122(a)(1) (42 U.S.C. 12572(a)(1)) is 
amended in subparagraph (C)(iii), by striking ‘‘secondary school graduation rates as defined in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(vi) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)(C)(vi)) and as clarified in applicable regulations promulgated by the Department of Education’’ and inserting ‘‘four-year adjusted cohort graduation rate (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’. 
(ccc) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2006.—Section 572 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (20 U.S.C. 7703b) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
8003(a)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(a)(1)).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7003(a)(1) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
8013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)).’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 7013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(ddd) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2012.—Section 532(a)(1) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) (10 U.S.C. 503 note; 125 Stat. 1403(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 9101(38) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(38)).’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965).’’. 
(eee) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2014.—Section 573 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) (10 U.S.C. 503 note; 127 Stat. 772) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘(as de-
fined in section 9101(38) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(38)),’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965),’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘(as defined 
in section 9101(38) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:31 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8542 November 30, 2015 
7801(38))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in section 
8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’. 
(fff) N
ATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL EDUCATION  
ACT.—Section 3(5) of the National Environ-
mental Education Act (20 U.S.C. 5502(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘‘local educational agen-cy’ means any education agency as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and shall include any tribal education agency;’’ and inserting ‘‘‘local educational agency’ means any education agen-cy as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and shall include any tribal education agency;’’. 
(ggg) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION AU-
THORIZATION ACT OF 2002.—The National 
Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–368; 116 Stat. 3034) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 4 (42 U.S.C. 1862n note) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘The term 
‘community college’ has the meaning given such term in section 3301(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7011(3))’’ and inserting ‘‘The term ‘community college’ means an institution of higher edu-cation as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 that provides not less than a 2-year degree that is acceptable for full credit toward a bachelor’s degree, including in-stitutions of higher education receiving assist-ance under the Tribally Controlled College or University Assistance Act of 1978’’; 
(B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 
9101(18) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(18))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(C) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 
9101(26) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(26))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(D) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘section 
9101(38) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(38))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘section 
9101(41) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(41))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 9 (42 U.S.C. 1862n) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A)(iii) in subclause 
(III), by striking ‘‘(as described in section 1114(a)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6314(a)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as described in section 1114(a)(1)(A))’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(4), by striking ‘‘the pro-
gram authorized under part B of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘other programs with similar purposes’’. 
(hhh) N
ATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947.—Sec-
tion 1015(2)(A) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3205(2)(A)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(as that term is defined in section 9101(26) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(26)))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as that term is defined in section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(iii) N
ATIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGES ACT.—Sec-
tion 103 of the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2902) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
7151(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6151(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 7207 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. (jjj) N
ATIVE HAWAIIAN HEALTH CARE IM-
PROVEMENT ACT.—Section 6(c)(4) of the Native 
Hawaiian Health Care Improvement Act (42 U.S.C. 11705(c)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘pri-vate educational organization identified in sec-tion 7202(16) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7512(16)) to continue to offer its educational programs and services to Native Hawaiians (as defined in sec-tion 7207 of that Act (20 U.S.C. 7517)) first and to others’’ and inserting ‘‘private educational organization identified in section 7202(16) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act) to continue to offer its edu-cational programs and services to Native Hawai-ians (as defined in section 6207 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) first and to others’’. 
(kkk) P
UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT.—The 
Public Health Service Act is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 319C–1(b)(2)(A)(vii) (42 U.S.C. 
247d–3a(b)(2)(A)(vii)) is amended by striking ‘‘including State educational agencies (as de-fined in section 9101(41) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘including State educational agencies (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(2) Section 399L(d)(3)(A) (42 U.S.C. 
280g(d)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(3) Section 520E(l)(2) (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36(l)(2)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘elementary or sec-ondary school (as such terms are defined in sec-tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘elementary school or secondary school (as such terms are defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(lll) R
EFUGEE EDUCATION ASSISTANCE ACT OF  
1980.—Section 101(1) of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980 (8 U.S.C. 1522 note) is amended by striking ‘‘such terms under section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘such terms under section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(mmm) R
EHABILITATION ACT OF 1973.—The 
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 202(b)(4)(A)(i) (29 U.S.C. 
762(b)(4)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(as de-fined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); and’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965); and’’. 
(2) Section 206 (29 U.S.C. 766) is amended by 
striking ‘‘(as such terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(as such terms are defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(3) Section 504(b)(2)(B) (29 U.S.C. 794(b)(2)(B)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(4)(A) Section 511(b)(2) (29 U.S.C. 794g(b)(2)), 
as added by section 458 of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (Public Law 113– 128; 128 Stat. 1676), is amended by striking ‘‘local educational agency (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)) or a State educational agency (as defined in such sec-tion)’’ and inserting ‘‘local educational agency (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) or a State educational agency (as defined in such sec-tion)’’. (B) The amendment made by subparagraph 
(A) shall take effect on the same date as section 458(a) of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (Public Law 113–128; 128 Stat. 1676) takes effect, and as if enacted as part of such section. 
(nnn) R
ICHARD B. R USSELL NATIONAL SCHOOL  
LUNCH ACT.—The Richard B. Russell National 
School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) is amended in section 12(d)(4) (42 U.S.C. 1769a(d)(4)) by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(ooo) S
AFE DRINKING WATER ACT.—Section 
1461 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–21(3)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(ppp) S
CHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND  
RESULTS ACT.—The Scholarships for Oppor-
tunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10; sec. 38–1853.01 et seq., D.C. Official Code) is amended as follows: 
(1) In section 3003 (sec. 38–1853.03, D.C. Offi-
cial Code), by striking ‘‘identified for improve-ment, corrective action, or restructuring under 
section 1116 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316)’’ and in-serting ‘‘implementing comprehensive support and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) In section 3006(1)(A) (sec. 38–1853.06(1)(A), 
D.C. Official Code), by striking ‘‘identified for improvement, corrective action, or restructuring under section 1116 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316)’’ and inserting ‘‘implementing comprehensive support and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities under sec-tion 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(3) In section 3007 (sec. 38–1853.07, D.C. Offi-
cial Code)— 
(A) in subsection (a)(4)(F), by striking ‘‘en-
sures that, with respect to core academic sub-jects (as such term is defined in section 9101(11) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(11))’’ and inserting ‘‘en-sures that, with respect to core academic sub-jects (as such term was defined in section 9101(11) of the Elementary and Secondary Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(11)) on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘identified 
for improvement, corrective action, or restruc-turing under section 1116 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316)’’ and inserting ‘‘implementing comprehen-sive support and improvement activities or tar-geted support and improvement activities under section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(4) In section 3013 (sec. D.C. Code 38–1853.13, 
D.C. Official Code)— 
(A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’. 
(qqq) S
OCIAL SECURITY ACT.—The Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) is amended as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8543 November 30, 2015 
(1) Section 475(1)(G)(ii)(I) (42 U.S.C. 
675(1)(G)(ii)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘local educational agencies (as defined under section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘local edu-cational agencies (as defined under section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(2) Section 2110(c)(9)(B)(v) (42 U.S.C. 
1397jj(c)(9)(B)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘as de-fined under section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘as defined under section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(rrr) S
TATE DEPENDENT CAREDEVELOPMENT  
GRANTS ACT.—Section 670G(6) of the State De-
pendent Care Development Grants Act (42 U.S.C. 9877(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(sss) S
TEVENSON -WYDLER TECHNOLOGY INNO-
VATION ACT OF 1980.—Section 5(c)(8) of the Ste-
venson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3704(c)(8)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(ttt) T
ELECOMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1996.—Sec-
tion 706(d)(2) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (47 U.S.C. 1302(d)(2)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(uuu) T
ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 
10, United States Code, is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 503 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 1154(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
5210(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7221i(1))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 4310 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘section 
6211(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7345(b))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 5211(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’. 
(3) Section 2008 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘section 8013(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(3)), or to carry out section 8008 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 7708)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7013(3) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, or to carry out section 7008 of such Act’’. 
(4) Section 2194(f)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965’’. (vvv) T
ITLE23, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 
504(d)(4) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(www) T
ITLE 40, U NITED STATES CODE.—Sec-
tion 502(c)(3)(C) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 8013 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7013 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(xxx) T
OXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT.—The 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 202 (15 U.S.C. 2642) is amended— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘section 9101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(B) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘any elemen-
tary or secondary school (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘any elemen-tary school or secondary school (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘elementary 
or secondary school as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘elementary school or sec-ondary school as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 302(1) (15 U.S.C. 2662(1)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(yyy) W
ORKFORCE INNOVATION AND OPPOR-
TUNITY ACT.—The Workforce Innovation and 
Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 3 (29 U.S.C. 3102) is amended— (A) in paragraph (34), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (55), by striking ‘‘section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(2) Section 102(b)(2)(D)(ii)(I) (29 U.S.C. 
3112(b)(2)(D)(ii)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘with State-adopted challenging academic con-tent standards, as adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘with challenging State academic standards, as adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1))’’. 
(3) Section 129(c)(1)(C) (29 U.S.C. 
3164(c)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘(based on State academic content and student academic achievement standards established under section 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(based on challenging State academic standards established under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1))’’. 
(4) Section 166(b)(3) (29 U.S.C. 3221(b)(3)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 7207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act (20 U.S.C. 7517).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act.’’. 
And the House agree to the same. JOHNKLINE, 
VIRGINIA FOXX, 
DAVID P. R OE, 
GLENN THOMPSON , 
BRETT GUTHRIE , 
TODDROKITA , 
LUKEMESSER , 
GLENN GROTHMAN , 
STEVE RUSSELL , 
CARLOS CURBELO , 
ROBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT, 
SUSAN A. D AVIS, 
MARCIA L. F UDGE , 
JARED POLIS, 
FREDERICA S. W ILSON , 
SUZANNE BONAMICI , 
KATHERINE M. C LARK , 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
LAMAR ALEXANDER , 
MICHAEL B. E NZI, 
RICHARD BURR, 
JOHNNY ISAKSON , 
SUSAN M. C OLLINS , 
LISAMURKOWSKI , 
MARKKIRK, 
TIMSCOTT, 
ORRIN HATCH , 
PATROBERTS , 
BILLCASSIDY , 
PATTY MURRAY , 
BARBARA A. M IKULSKI , 
BERNARD SANDERS , 
ROBERT P. C ASEY , JR., 
ALFRANKEN , 
MICHAEL F. B ENNET , 
SHELDON WHITEHOUSE , 
TAMMY BALDWIN , 
CHRISTOPHER MURPHY , 
ELIZABETH WARREN , 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF 
THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 1177), to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and rec-ommended in the accompanying conference report: 
The House amendment struck all of the 
Senate bill after the enacting clause and in-serted a substitute text. 
The Senate recedes from its disagreement 
to the amendment of the House with an amendment that is a substitute for the Sen-ate bill and the House amendment. The dif-ferences between the Senate bill, the House amendment, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for cler-ical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the con-ferees, and minor drafting and clarifying changes. 
Title I, Part A—Disadvantaged Students 
1. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different short titles for the Act. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike both 
and insert ‘‘Every Student Succeeds Act’’ 
2. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different tables of contents. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Every Stu-
dent Succeeds Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.046 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8544 November 30, 2015 
Sec. 4. Transition. 
Sec. 5. Effective date. Sec. 6. Table of contents of the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING THE ACADEMIC 
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE DISADVAN-TAGED. 
Sec. 1001. Statement of purpose. 
Sec. 1002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 1003. School intervention and support. Sec. 1004. (Direct student services). Sec. 1005. State plans. Sec. 1006. Local educational agency plans. Sec. 1007. School attendance. Sec. 1008. Schoolwide. Sec. 1009. Targeted. Sec. 1010. Parent and family engagement. Sec. 1011. Participation of children enrolled 
in private schools. 
Sec. 1012. Fiscal requirements. Sec. 1013. Coordination requirement. Sec. 1014. Supplement, not supplant. Sec. 1015. Grants for the outlying areas and 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
Sec. 1016. Allocations. Sec. 1017. Academic assessments. Sec. 1018. Education of migratory children. Sec. 1019. Prevention and intervention pro-
grams for children and youth who are neglected, delinquent, or at-risk. 
Sec. 1020. Flexibility for equitable per-pupil 
funding. 
Sec. 1021. General provisions. 
TITLE II—HIGH–QUALITY TEACHERS, 
PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
Sec. 2001. Transfer of certain provisions. 
Sec. 2002. Teacher, principal, and other 
school leader training and re-cruiting fund. 
Sec. 2003. National activities. Sec. 2004. General provisions. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
Sec. 3001. Transfer of certain provisions. 
Sec. 3002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 3003. English language acquisition, lan-
guage enhancement, and aca-demic achievement. 
Sec. 3004. General provisions. TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY 
SCHOOLS. 
Sec. 4001. General provisions. Sec. 4002. Grants to states and local edu-
cational agencies. 
Sec. 4003. 21st century community learning 
centers. 
Sec. 4004. Public charter schools. Sec. 4005. Magnet schools assistance. Sec. 4006. Statewide family engagement cen-
ters. 
Sec. 4007. National activities. 
TITLE V—STATE INNOVATION AND 
LOCAL FLEXIBILITY 
Sec. 5001. Transfer of certain provisions. 
Sec. 5002. Purposes. Sec. 5003. Improving academic achievement. Sec. 5004. Rural education initiative. Sec. 5005. General provisions. Sec. 5006. Review relating to rural local edu-
cational agencies. 
TITLE VI—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
Sec. 6001. Transfer of certain provisions. 
Sec. 6002. Indian education. Sec. 6003. Native Hawaiian education. Sec. 6004. Alaska native education. Sec. 6005. Report on responses to Indian stu-
dent suicides. 
TITLE VII—IMPACT AID 
Sec. 7001. Transfer of certain provisions. 
Sec. 7002. Amendment to impact aid im-
provement act of 2012. Sec. 7003. Payments relating to federal ac-
quisition of real property. 
Sec. 7004. Payments for eligible federally 
connected children. 
Sec. 7005. Policies and procedures relating to 
children residing on Indian lands. 
Sec. 7006. Application for payments under 
sections 7002 and 7003. 
Sec. 7007. Construction. Sec. 7008. State consideration of payments in 
providing state aid. 
Sec. 7009. Definitions. Sec. 7010. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE VIII—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 8001. Transfer and redesignations. 
Sec. 8002. Sense of Congress. Sec. 8101. Definitions. Sec. 8102. Applicability of title. Sec. 8103. Applicability to Bureau of Indian 
Education operated schools. 
Sec. 8104. Consolidation of State administra-
tive funds for elementary and secondary education programs. 
Sec. 8105. Consolidation of funds for local ad-
ministration. 
Sec. 8106. Consolidation of set-aside for De-
partment of the Interior funds. Rural consolidated plan. 
Sec. 8107. Optional consolidated state plans 
or applications. 
Sec. 8108. General applicability of state edu-
cational agency assurances. 
Sec. 8109. Rural consolidated plan. Sec. 8110. Other general assurances. Sec. 8111. Waivers of statutory and regu-
latory requirements. 
Sec. 8112. Plan approval process. Sec. 8113. Participation by private school 
children and teachers. 
Sec. 8114. Complaint process for participa-
tion of private school children. 
Sec. 8115. Maintenance of effort. Sec. 8116. Prohibition regarding state aid. [Sec. 8116. School prayer.] Sec. 8117. Prohibitions. Sec. 8118. Prohibitions on federal govern-
ment and use of federal funds. 
[Sec. 8119. Prohibited uses of funds.] Sec. 8120. Armed forces recruiter access to 
students and student recruiting information. 
Sec. 8121. Prohibitions on federally sponsored 
testing. 
Sec. 8122. Limitations on national testing or 
certification for teachers, prin-cipals, or other school leaders. 
Sec. 8123. Prohibition on requiring state par-
ticipation. 
Sec. 8124. Civil rights. Sec. 8125. Consultation with indian tribes 
and native organizations. 
Sec. 8126. Outreach and technical assistance 
for rural local educational agencies. 
Sec. 8127. Consultation with the Governor. Sec. 8128. Local governance. Sec. 8129. Rule of construction regarding 
travel to and from school. 
Sec. 8130. Limitations on School-Based 
Health Centers 
Sec. 8131. State control over standards. Sec. 8132. Parental consent. Sec. 8133. Sense of congress on protecting 
student privacy. 
Sec. 8134. Prohibition on aiding and abetting 
sexual abuse. 
Sec. 8135. Restoration of state sovereignty 
over public education. 
Sec. 8136. Evaluations. 
TITLE IX—EDUCATION OF HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTHS; OTHER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS 
PART A—E
DUCATION FOR HOMELESS  
CHILDREN AND YOUTH  
Sec. 9101. Statement of policy. Sec. 9102. Grants for state and local activi-
ties. 
Sec. 9103. Local educational agency sub-
grants. 
Sec. 9104. Secretarial responsibilities. Sec. 9105. Definitions. Sec. 9106. Authorization of appropriations. 
PART B—O
THER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS  
Sec. 9201. Use of term ‘‘highly qualified’’ in 
other laws. 
Sec. 9202. Department staff. Sec. 9203. Report on Department actions to 
address Office of the Inspector General charter school reports. 
Sec. 9204. Posthumous pardon. Sec. 9205. Education Flexibility Partnership 
Act of 1999 reauthorization. 
Sec. 9206. Preschool Development Grants. 
3. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have identical sections 3. 
LC 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a statement of purpose. 
SR 5. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes this transition provision. 
SR with an amendment to strike and re-
place with the following: 
‘‘Sec. 4. Transition. 
(a) F
UNDING AUTHORITY .— 
(1) M ULTI-YEAR AWARDS .— 
(A) P ROGRAMS NO LONGER AUTHORIZED .—Ex-
cept as otherwise provided in this Act, the recipient of a multi-year award under the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as that Act was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act, for a program no longer authorized under that Act as a re-sult of this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of such award, except that no additional funds may be awarded after September 30, 2016, unless such program is substantively similar to a program authorized under this Act, in which case such recipient shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of the prior award. 
(B) A
UTHORIZED PROGRAMS .—Except as oth-
erwise provided in this Act, the recipient of a multi-year award under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as that Act was in effect prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act, for a program still author-ized under that Act as a result of this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of that award. 
(2) P
LANNING AND TRANSITION .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, a recipi-ent of funds under a program described in paragraph (1)(B) may use funds awarded to the recipient under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act, as that Act was in ef-fect prior to the date of enactment of this Act, to carry out necessary and reasonable planning and transition activities in order to ensure an orderly implementation of amend-ments made to such program by this Act. 
(b) O
RDERLY TRANSITION .—Subject to sub-
section (a)(1)(A), the Secretary shall take such steps as are necessary to provide for the orderly transition to, and implementation of, programs authorized by this Act, and by the amendments made by this Act, from pro-grams authorized by the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as that Act was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) W
AIVERS .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Act, except the Special Rule in subsection (e)(3), waivers— 
(1) granted by the Secretary under section 
9401 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act as such section was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) awarded to states and a consortium of 
local educational agencies under the pro-gram first introduced in a letter to chief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:22 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.069 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8545 November 30, 2015 
state school officers dated September 23, 
2011, shall terminate as of August 1, 2016. 
6. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a section for ‘‘Effective Dates’’ for the Act and amendments made by the Act. 
SR with an amendment to read as follows: (1) in subsection (b), to strike ‘‘2015’’ and 
insert ‘‘2016’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), to strike ‘‘2016’’ and 
insert ‘‘2017’’; 
(3) in subsection (d), to strike ‘‘2016’’ and 
insert ‘‘2017’’; and 
(4) to insert after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
(e) T
ITLE I.— 
(1) P RIOR AUTHORITY .— Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Act, except the Special Rule in paragraph (3), section 1111 (b)(2), as such section was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act, shall con-tinue in effect until August 1, 2016. 
(2) C
ERTAIN SECTIONS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Act, except the Special Rule in paragraph (3)— 
(A) subsections (c) and (d) of section 1111 
shall take effect beginning with the 2017–2018 academic year; and 
(B) all other subsections of section 1111 
shall take effect consistent with subsection (a). 
(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, including sub-section (c) and paragraphs (1) and (2), any school or local educational agency in a State that has been identified by the State as in need of improvement, corrective action, or restructuring under part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act as such part was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act, or as a priority or focus school under a waiver granted by the Secretary under section 9401 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act as such section was in effect prior to the date of en-actment of this Act, shall continue to imple-ment applicable interventions until the State plan under section 1111 is approved, or subsections (c) and (d) of section 1111 take ef-fect in accordance with paragraph (2)(A), whichever comes first. 
7. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, amends the table of contents for ESEA. 
HR/SR with amendment to read as follows: 
SEC. 5. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE ELEMEN-
TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF 1965. 
Section 2 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
‘‘The table of contents for this Act is as 
follows: 
‘‘Sec. 1. Short title. ‘‘Sec. 2. Table of contents. ‘‘Sec. 4. Education flexibility program. 
‘‘TITLE I—IMPROVING THE ACADEMIC 
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE DISADVANTAGED 
‘‘Sec. 1001. Statement of purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1002. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘Sec. 1003. School intervention and support. ‘‘Sec. 1003A. Direct student services. ‘‘Sec. 1004. State administration. 
‘‘P
ART A—IMPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS 
OPERATED BY LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES 
‘‘SUBPART 1—BASIC PROGRAM 
REQUIREMENTS 
‘‘Sec. 1111. State plans. 
‘‘Sec. 1112. Local educational agency plans. ‘‘Sec. 1113. Eligible school attendance areas. ‘‘Sec. 1114. Schoolwide programs. ‘‘Sec. 1115. Targeted assistance programs. ‘‘Sec. 1116. Parent and family engagement. ‘‘Sec. 1117. Participation of children enrolled 
in private schools. 
‘‘Sec. 1118. Fiscal requirements. ‘‘Sec. 1119. Coordination requirements. ‘‘S
UBPART 2—A LLOCATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1121. Grants for the outlying areas and 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘Sec. 1122. Allocations to States. ‘‘Sec. 1124. Basic grants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1124A. Concentration grants to local 
educational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1125. Targeted grants to local edu-
cational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1125AA. Adequacy of funding of tar-
geted grants to local edu-cational agencies in fiscal years after fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘Sec. 1125A. Education finance incentive 
grant program. 
‘‘Sec. 1126. Special allocation procedures. ‘‘Sec. 1127. Carryover and waiver. 
‘‘P
ARTB—A CADEMIC ASSESSMENTS  
‘‘Sec. 1201. Grants for State assessments and 
related activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1202. Grants for enhanced assessment 
instruments. 
‘‘Sec. 1203. Audits of assessment systems. ‘‘Sec. 1204. Allotment of appropriated funds. ‘‘Sec. 1205. Innovative assessment and ac-
countability demonstration au-thority. 
‘‘P
ARTC—E DUCATION OFMIGRATORY  
CHILDREN  
‘‘Sec. 1301. Program purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 1302. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 1303. State allocations. ‘‘Sec. 1304. State applications; services. ‘‘Sec. 1305. Secretarial approval; peer review. ‘‘Sec. 1306. Comprehensive needs assessment 
and service-delivery plan; au-thorized activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1307. Bypass. ‘‘Sec. 1308. Coordination of migrant edu-
cation activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1309. Definitions. 
‘‘P
ART D—P REVENTION ANDINTERVENTION  
PROGRAMS FORCHILDREN ANDYOUTH WHO 
ARENEGLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK 
‘‘Sec. 1401. Purpose and program authoriza-
tion. 
‘‘Sec. 1402. Payments for programs under 
this part. 
‘‘SUBPART 1—S TATE AGENCY PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 1411. Eligibility. 
‘‘Sec. 1412. Allocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1413. State reallocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1414. State plan and State agency ap-
plications. 
‘‘Sec. 1415. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1416. Institution-wide projects. ‘‘Sec. 1417. Three-year programs or projects. ‘‘Sec. 1418. Transition services. ‘‘Sec. 1419. Evaluation; technical assistance; 
annual model program. 
‘‘S
UBPART 2—L OCAL AGENCY PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 1421. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1422. Programs operated by local edu-
cational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1423. Local educational agency applica-
tions. 
‘‘Sec. 1424. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1425. Program requirements for correc-
tional facilities receiving funds under this section. 
‘‘Sec. 1426. Accountability. 
‘‘S
UBPART 3—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1431. Program evaluations. 
‘‘Sec. 1432. Definitions. 
‘‘PARTE—F LEXIBILITY FOREQUITABLE PER- 
PUPIL FUNDING  
PARTF—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1601. Federal regulations. 
‘‘Sec. 1602. Agreements and records. ‘‘Sec. 1603. State administration. ‘‘Sec. 1604. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 1605. Rule of construction on equalized 
spending. ‘‘TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND 
RECRUITING HIGH–QUALITY TEACH-ERS, PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
‘‘Sec. 2001. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 2002. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2003. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘P
ART A—T EACHER , PRINCIPAL , ANDOTHER  
SCHOOL LEADER TRAINING ANDRECRUITING  
FUND 
‘‘Sec. 2101. Formula grants to States. 
‘‘Sec. 2102. Subgrants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 2103. Local use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 2104. Reporting. 
‘‘P
ARTB—N ATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 2201. Reservations. 
‘‘SUBPART 1—T EACHER ANDSCHOOL LEADER  
INCENTIVE PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 2211. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2212. Teacher and school leader incen-
tive fund grants. 
‘‘Sec. 2213. Reports. 
‘‘SUBPART 2—L ITERACY EDUCATION FORALL, 
RESULTS FORTHENATION  
‘‘Sec. 2221. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2222. Comprehensive literacy State de-
velopment grants. 
‘‘Sec. 2223. Subgrants to eligible entities in 
support of birth through kin-dergarten entry literacy. 
‘‘Sec. 2224. Subgrants to eligible entities in 
support of kindergarten through grade 12 literacy. 
‘‘Sec. 2225. National evaluation and informa-
tion dissemination. 
‘‘Sec. 2226. [Literacy programs.] ‘‘Sec. 2227. Supplement, not supplant. 
‘‘S
UBPART 3—A MERICAN HISTORY ANDCIVICS  
EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 2231. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 2232. Presidential and congressional 
academies for American history and civics. 
‘‘Sec. 2233. National activities. 
‘‘S
UBPART 4—P ROGRAMS OFNATIONAL  
SIGNIFICANCE  
‘‘Sec. 2241. Funding allotment. 
‘‘Sec. 2242. Supporting effective educator de-
velopment. 
‘‘Sec. 2243. School leader recruitment and 
support. 
‘‘Sec. 2244. Technical assistance and national 
evaluation. 
‘‘Sec. 2245. STEM master teacher corps. 
‘‘PARTC—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 2301. Rules of construction. ‘‘TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION 
FOR ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMI-GRANT STUDENTS 
‘‘Sec. 3001. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘P
ART A—E NGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION , 
LANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT , A NDACADEMIC  
ACHIEVEMENT ACT 
‘‘Sec. 3101. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 3102. Purposes. 
‘‘SUBPART 1—G RANTS ANDSUBGRANTS FOR 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION ANDLAN-
GUAGE ENHANCEMENT  
‘‘Sec. 3111. Formula grants to States. 
‘‘Sec. 3112. Native American and Alaska Na-
tive children in school. 
‘‘Sec. 3113. State and specially qualified 
agency plans. 
‘‘Sec. 3114. Within-State allocations. ‘‘Sec. 3115. Subgrants to eligible entities. ‘‘Sec. 3116. Local plans. 
‘‘S
UBPART 2—A CCOUNTABILITY AND 
ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘Sec. 3121. Reporting. 
‘‘Sec. 3122. Reporting requirements. ‘‘Sec. 3123. Coordination with related pro-
grams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:22 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.070 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8546 November 30, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 3124. Rules of construction. 
‘‘Sec. 3125. Legal authority under State law. ‘‘Sec. 3126. Civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 3127. Programs for Native Americans 
and Puerto Rico. 
‘‘Sec. 3128. Prohibition. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 3131. National professional develop-
ment project. 
‘‘PARTB—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 3201. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 3202. National clearinghouse. ‘‘Sec. 3203. Regulations. 
‘‘TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS 
‘‘Sec. 4001. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘P
ARTA—S TUDENT SUPPORT AND ACADEMIC  
ENRICHMENT GRANTS  
‘‘Sec. 4101. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4102. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4103. Formula grants to States. ‘‘Sec. 4104. State use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 4105. Allotments to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 4106. Local applications. ‘‘Sec. 4107. Activities to support well-round-
ed educational opportunities. 
‘‘Sec. 4108. Activities to support safe and 
healthy students. 
‘‘Sec. 4109. Activities to support the effective 
use of technology. 
‘‘Sec. 4110. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 4111. Prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 4112. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘Sec. 4113. Internet safety. 
‘‘P
ARTB—21 STCENTURY COMMUNITY  
LEARNING CENTERS  
‘‘Sec. 4201. Purpose; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 4202. Allotments to states. ‘‘Sec. 4203. State application. ‘‘Sec. 4204. Local competitive subgrant pro-
gram. 
‘‘Sec. 4205. Local activities. ‘‘Sec. 4206. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘P
ARTC—E XPANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH  
QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 4301. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4302. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4303. Grants to support high-quality 
charter schools. 
‘‘Sec. 4304. Facilities financing assistance. ‘‘Sec. 4305. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 4306. Federal formula allocation during 
first year and for successive en-rollment expansions. 
‘‘Sec. 4307. Solicitation of input from charter 
school operators. 
‘‘Sec. 4308. Records transfer. ‘‘Sec. 4309. Paperwork reduction. ‘‘Sec. 4310. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4311. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘P
ARTD—M AGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE  
‘‘Sec. 4401. Findings and purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4402. Definition. ‘‘Sec. 4403. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4404. Eligibility. ‘‘Sec. 4405. Applications and requirements. ‘‘Sec. 4406. Priority. ‘‘Sec. 4407. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 4408. Limitations. ‘‘Sec. 4409. Authorization of appropriations; 
reservation. 
‘‘P
ARTE—F AMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION  
PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 4501. Purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 4502. Grants authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4503. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 4504. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 4505. Family engagement in Indian 
schools. 
[‘‘Sec. 4506. Authorization of appropriations.] 
‘‘P
ARTF—N ATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 4601. Authorization of appropriations; 
reservations. ‘‘SUBPART 1—EDUCATION INNOVATION AND  
RESEARCH  
‘‘Sec. 4611. Grants for education innovation 
and research. 
‘‘SUBPART 2—COMMUNITY SUPPORT FOR SCHOOL  
SUCCESS  
‘‘Sec. 4621. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4622. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4623. Program Authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4624. Promise Neighborhoods. ‘‘Sec. 4625. Full-Service Community Schools. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES FOR SCHOOL  
SAFETY  
‘‘Sec. 4641. National activities for school 
safety. 
‘‘SUBPART 4—GRANTS FOR ACADEMIC  
ENRICHMENT  
‘‘Sec. 4650. Awards for academic enrichment. 
‘‘Sec. 4651. Assistance for arts education. ‘‘Sec. 4652. Ready-To-Learn programming. ‘‘Sec. 4653. Supporting high ability learners 
and learning. 
‘‘TITLE V—STATE INNOVATON AND 
LOCAL FLEXIBILITY 
‘‘Sec. 5001. Purposes. 
‘‘P
ARTA—F UNDING TRANSFERABILITY FOR  
STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 5101. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5102. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 5103. Transferability of funds. 
‘‘PART B—R
URAL EDUCATION INITIATIVE  
‘‘Sec. 5201. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5202. Purpose. 
‘‘SUBPART 1—SMALL , RURAL SCHOOL  
ACHIEVEMENT PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 5211. Use of applicable funding. 
‘‘Sec. 5212. Grant program authorized. 
‘‘SUBPART 2—RURAL AND LOW -INCOME SCHOOL  
PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 5221. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 5222. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 5223. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 5224. Accountability. ‘‘Sec. 5225. Choice of participation. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3—GENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 5231. Annual average daily attendance 
determination. 
‘‘Sec. 5232. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 5233. Rule of construction. ‘‘Sec. 5234. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘P
ARTC—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 5301. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 5302. Rule of construction on equalized 
spending. 
‘‘TITLE VI—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
‘‘PARTA—I NDIAN EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 6101. Statement of policy. 
‘‘Sec. 6102. Purpose. 
‘‘SUBPART 1—FORMULA GRANTS TO LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 6111. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 6112. Grants to local educational agen-
cies and tribes. 
‘‘Sec. 6113. Amount of grants. ‘‘Sec. 6114. Applications. 
‘‘Sec. 6115. Authorized services and activi-
ties. 
‘‘Sec. 6116. Integration of services author-
ized. 
‘‘Sec. 6117. Student eligibility forms. ‘‘Sec. 6118. Payments. ‘‘Sec. 6119. State educational agency review. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2—SPECIAL PROGRAMS AND  
PROJECTS TO IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPOR -
TUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHILDREN  
‘‘Sec. 6121. Improvement of educational op-
portunities for Indian children and youth. 
‘‘Sec. 6122. Professional development for 
teachers and education profes-sionals. ‘‘
SUBPART 3—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 6131. National research activities. 
‘‘Sec. 6135. Grants to tribes for education ad-
ministrative planning, develop-ment, and coordination. 
‘‘Sec. 6136. Native American and Alaska Na-
tive language immersion schools and programs. 
‘‘
SUBPART 4—FEDERAL ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘Sec. 6141. National Advisory Council on In-
dian Education. 
‘‘Sec. 6142. Peer review. ‘‘Sec. 6143. Preference for Indian applicants. ‘‘Sec. 6144. Minimum grant criteria. 
‘‘
SUBPART 5—DEFINITIONS ; AUTHORIZATIONS OF  
APPROPRIATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 6151. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 6152. Authorizations of appropriations. 
‘‘PARTB—N ATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 6201. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 6202. Findings. ‘‘Sec. 6203. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 6204. Native Hawaiian Education Coun-
cil. 
‘‘Sec. 6205. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 6206. Administrative provisions. ‘‘Sec. 6207. Definitions. 
‘‘P
ARTC—A LASKA NATIVE EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 6301. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 6302. Findings. ‘‘Sec. 6303. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 6304. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 6305. Administrative purposes. ‘‘Sec. 6306. Definitions. 
‘‘TITLE VII—IMPACT AID 
‘‘Sec. 7001. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 7002. Payments relating to Federal ac-
quisition of real property. 
‘‘Sec. 7003. Payments for eligible federally 
connected children. 
‘‘Sec. 7004. Policies and procedures relating 
to children residing on Indian lands. 
‘‘Sec. 7005. Application for payments under 
sections 7002 and 7003. 
‘‘Sec. 7007. Construction. ‘‘Sec. 7008. Facilities. ‘‘Sec. 7009. State consideration of payments 
in providing State aid. 
‘‘Sec. 7010. Federal administration. ‘‘Sec. 7011. Administrative hearings and judi-
cial review. 
‘‘Sec. 7012. Forgiveness of overpayments. ‘‘Sec. 7013. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 7014. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE VIII—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘Sec. 8001. Sense of congress. 
‘‘P
ARTA—D EFINITIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8101. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 8102. Applicability of title. ‘‘Sec. 8103. Applicability to Bureau of Indian 
Education operated schools. 
‘‘P
ARTB—F LEXIBILITY IN THE USE OF  
ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER FUNDS  
‘‘Sec. 8201. Consolidation of State adminis-
trative funds for elementary and secondary education pro-grams. 
‘‘Sec. 8202. Single local educational agency 
States. 
‘‘Sec. 8203. Consolidation of funds for local 
administration. 
‘‘Sec. 8204. Consolidated set-aside for Depart-
ment of the Interior funds. 
‘‘P
ARTC—C OORDINATION OF PROGRAMS ; CON-
SOLIDATED STATE AND LOCAL PLANS AND  
APPLICATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8301. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 8302. Optional consolidated State plans 
or applications. 
‘‘Sec. 8303. Consolidated reporting. ‘‘Sec. 8304. General applicability of State 
educational agency assurances. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.071 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8547 November 30, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 8305. Consolidated local plans or appli-
cations. 
‘‘Sec. 8306. Other general assurances. 
‘‘PARTD—W AIVERS  
‘‘Sec. 8401. Waivers of statutory and regu-
latory requirements. 
‘‘PARTE—A PPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF  
STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8451. Approval and disapproval of State 
plans. 
‘‘Sec. 8452. Approval and disapproval of local 
educational agency applica-tions. 
‘‘P
ARTF—U NIFORM PROVISIONS  
‘‘SUBPART 1—PRIVATE SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 8501. Participation by private school 
children and teachers. 
‘‘Sec. 8502. Standards for by-pass. ‘‘Sec. 8503. Complaint process for participa-
tion of private school children. 
‘‘Sec. 8504. By-pass determination process. ‘‘Sec. 8505. Prohibition against funds for reli-
gious worship or instruction. 
‘‘Sec. 8506. Private, religious, and home 
schools. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2—OTHER PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8521. Maintenance of effort. 
‘‘Sec. 8522. Prohibition regarding State aid. ‘‘Sec. 8523. Privacy of assessment results. ‘‘Sec. 8524. School prayer. ‘‘Sec. 8525. Equal access to public school fa-
cilities. 
‘‘Sec. 8526. General prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 8526A. Prohibition against Federal 
mandates direction or control. 
‘‘Sec. 8527. Prohibitions on Federal Govern-
ment and use of Federal funds. 
[‘‘Sec. 8527A. Prohibited uses of funds.] ‘‘Sec. 8528. Armed Forces recruiter access to 
students and student recruiting information. 
‘‘Sec. 8529. Prohibition on federally spon-
sored testing. 
‘‘Sec. 8530. Limitations on national testing 
or certification for teachers, principals, or other school lead-ers. 
‘‘Sec. 8530A. Prohibition on requiring state 
participation. 
‘‘Sec. 8531. Prohibition on nationwide data-
base. 
‘‘Sec. 8532. Unsafe school choice option. ‘‘Sec. 8533. Prohibition on discrimination. ‘‘Sec. 8534. Civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 8535. Rulemaking. ‘‘Sec. 8536. Severability. ‘‘Sec. 8537. Transfer of school disciplinary 
records. 
‘‘Sec. 8538. Consultation with Indian tribes 
and tribal organizations. 
‘‘Sec. 8539. Outreach and technical assistance 
for rural local educational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 8540. Consultation with the Governor. ‘‘Sec. 8541. Local governance. ‘‘Sec. 8542. Rule of construction regarding 
travel to and from school. 
‘‘Sec. 8543. Limitations on School-Based 
Health Centers. 
‘‘Sec. 8544. State control over standards. ‘‘Sec. 8545. Parental consent. ‘‘Sec. 8546. Sense of congress on protecting 
student privacy. 
‘‘Sec. 8547. Prohibition on aiding and abet-
ting sexual abuse. 
‘‘Sec. 8548. Restoration of state sovereignty 
over public education. 
‘‘Sec. 8549. Privacy. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3—TEACHER LIABILITY PROTECTION  
‘‘Sec. 8541. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 8542. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 8543. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 8544. Applicability. ‘‘Sec. 8545. Preemption and election of State 
nonapplicability. ‘‘Sec. 8546. Limitation on liability for teach-
ers. 
‘‘Sec. 8547. Allocation of responsibility for 
noneconomic loss. 
‘‘Sec. 8548. Effective date. 
‘‘
SUBPART 5—GUN POSSESSION  
‘‘Sec. 8561. Gun-free requirements. 
‘‘SUBPART 6—ENVIRONMENTAL TOBACCO SMOKE  
‘‘Sec. 8571. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 8572. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 8573. Nonsmoking policy for children’s 
services. 
‘‘Sec. 8574. Preemption. 
‘‘P
ARTG—E VALUATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 8601. Evaluations.’’. 
8. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a separate section for ‘‘Au-thorization of Appropriations’’ for the Act. This provision covers all but the Indian Edu-cation, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native programs in Title V of the House amend-ment. The Senate includes separate ‘‘Au-thorization of Appropriations’’ language in each title. 
HR 9. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, amends the authorization of ap-propriations provision for Title I. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(a) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY GRANTS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in Part A— (1) $15,013,027,605 for fiscal year 2017; (2) $15,458,169,042 for fiscal year 2018; (3) $15,898,081,442 for fiscal year 2019; (4) $16,183,054,591 for fiscal year 2020. 
(b) S
TATE ASSESSMENTS .—There are au-
thorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part B, $378,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
(c) E
DUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHILDREN .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part C, $374,751,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
(d) P
REVENTION AND INTERVENTION PRO-
GRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHOARE 
NEGLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK.—There 
are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part D, $47,614,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
(e) F
EDERAL ACTIVITIES .—For the purpose 
of carrying out evaluation activities related to title I under section [8141], there are au-thorized to be appropriated $710,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
‘(f) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING ADJUST -
MENTS TO AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIA -
TIONS PROVIDED IN THIS ACT FOR FUTURE  
BUDGET AGREEMENTS .—It is the Sense of 
Congress that if legislation is enacted that revises the limits on discretionary spending established under section 251(c) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the levels of appropriations au-thorized throughout this Act should be ad-justed in a manner that is consistent with the adjustments in nonsecurity category funding provided for under the revised limits on discretionary spending. 
10. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a Sense of the Congress on state and local rights and responsibilities. 
SR with an amendment to strike para-
graphs (3), (4), (5), and (6) and to move the re-mainder of the Sec. to the beginning of Title IX 
11. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different title headings. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a subtitle heading. 
HR 12. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, amends the title heading for title I of ESEA. HR 
13. The Senate bill and House amendment 
amend the statement of purpose in different ways. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike the 
language in both bills and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to provide all 
children the opportunity for a fair, equi-table, and significant opportunity to receive a high-quality education, and to close edu-cational achievement gaps.’’ 
14. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, amends section 1002, to include flexi-ble use of funds authority. See note 6 of Title 
VI. See note 9 of this document for Senate bill’s amendments to section 1002. 
HR 15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes section 1003 and redesig-nates section 1004 as 1003. 
SR 16. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a subsection (c) to the re-designated section 1003 for ‘‘Technical As-sistance and Support.’’ 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike and 
replace with the following: 
SEC.1003. [20 U.S.C. 6303] SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) S TATE RESERVATIONS .—To carry out 
subsection (b) and the State educational agency’s statewide system of technical as-sistance and support for local educational agencies, each State shall reserve the great-er of— 
(1) [7] percent of the amount the State re-
ceives under subpart 2 of part A; or 
(2) the sum of the amount the State— (A) reserved under this subsection for fis-
cal year [2015/2016]; and 
(B) received for FY [2015/2016] under sub-
section (g) of this section as such subsection was in effect before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
(b) U
SES.—Of the amount reserved under 
subsection (a) for any fiscal year, the State educational agency— 
(1)(A) shall allocate not less than 95 per-
cent of that amount to make grants to local educational agencies on a formula or com-petitive basis, to serve schools identified for comprehensive support and improvement or implementing targeted support and improve-ment plans under section 1111(d); or 
(B) may, with the approval of the local 
educational agency, directly provide for these activities or arrange for their provi-sion through other entities such as school support teams, educational service agencies, or non-profit or for-profit external providers with expertise in using evidence-based strat-egies to improve student achievement, in-struction, and schools; and 
(2) shall use the funds not reserved under 
paragraph (1) to carry out this section, which shall include— 
(A) establishing the method, consistent 
with subsection (g), the State will use to al-locate funds to local educational agencies under such paragraph, including ensuring the local educational agencies receiving an allotment under such paragraph represent the geographic diversity of the State and that allotments are of sufficient size to en-able a local educational agency to effectively implement selected strategies; 
(B) monitoring and evaluating the use of 
funds by local educational agencies receiving an allotment under such paragraph; and 
(C) as appropriate, reducing barriers and 
providing operational flexibility for schools in the implementation of comprehensive sup-port and improvement or targeted support and improvement plans under section 1111(d). 
(c) D
URATION .—The State educational 
agency shall award subgrants under this paragraph for a period of not more than 4 years, which may include a planning year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:32 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.073 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8548 November 30, 2015 
(d) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as prohibiting a State from allocating subgrants under this section to a statewide school district, con-sortium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency that serves schools identified for comprehensive support and improvement or implementing targeted support and improvement plans, if such enti-ties are legally constituted or recognized as local educational agencies in the State. 
(e) A
PPLICATION .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under subsection (b)(1), a local edu-cational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such form, and including such infor-mation as the State educational agency may require. Each application shall include, at a minimum— 
(1) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will carry out its respon-sibilities under section 1111(d) for schools re-ceiving funds under this section, including how the local educational agency will— 
(A) develop comprehensive support and im-
provement plans for schools receiving funds under this section identified under section 1111(d)(1); 
(B) support schools developing or imple-
menting targeted support and improvement plans under section 1111(d)(2), if funds re-ceived under this section are used for such purpose; 
(C) monitor schools receiving funds under 
this section, including how the local edu-cational agency will carry out its respon-sibilities under section 1111(d)(2)(B)(iv) and (v) if funds received under this section are used to support schools implementing tar-geted improvement and support plans; 
(D) use a rigorous review process to re-
cruit, screen, select, and evaluate any exter-nal partners with whom the local edu-cational agency will partner; 
(E) align other Federal, State, and local re-
sources to carry out the activities supported with funds received under subsection (b)(1); and 
(F) as appropriate, modify practices and 
policies to provide operational flexibility that enables full and effective implementa-tion of the plans described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(d); 
(2) an assurance that each school the local 
educational agency proposes to serve will re-ceive all of the State and local funds it would have received in the absence of funds received under this subsection. 
(f) P
RIORITY .—The State educational agen-
cy, in allocating funds to local educational agencies under this section, shall give pri-ority to local educational agencies that— 
(1) serve high numbers of elementary 
schools and secondary schools identified under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(d); 
(2) demonstrate the greatest need for such 
funds, as determined by the State; and 
(3) demonstrate the strongest commitment 
to using funds under this section to enable the lowest-performing schools to improve student achievement and student outcomes. 
(g) U
NUSED FUNDS .—If, after consultation 
with local educational agencies in the State, the State educational agency determines that the amount of funds reserved to carry out subsection (b) is greater than the amount needed to provide the assistance de-scribed in that subsection, the State edu-cational agency shall allocate the excess amount to local educational agencies in ac-
cordance with— 
(1) the relative allocations the State edu-
cational agency made to those agencies for that fiscal year under subpart 2 of part A; or 
(2) section 1126(c). 
(h) S
PECIAL RULE.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, the amount of funds reserved by the State educational 
agency under subsection (a) [in fiscal year 2018 and each subsequent fiscal year] shall not decrease the amount of funds each local educational agency receives under subpart 2 below the amount received by such local edu-cational agency under such subpart for the preceding fiscal year. 
(i) R
EPORTING .—The State shall include in 
the report described in section 1111[(h)] a list of all the local educational agencies and schools that received funds under this sec-tion, including the amount of funds each school received and the types of strategies implemented in each school with such funds. 
17. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, increases the state set-aside from 4 percent to 7 percent. 
See note 16. 18. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment makes the state set-aside per-missive. 
See note 16. 19. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes a technical edit to refer to ‘‘chapter B of subpart 1 of part A’’ to reflect structural changes to Title I, Part A. 
See note 16. 20. The Senate bill replaces references to 
sections 1116 and 1117 with a reference to sec-tion 1114(a) to reflect structural changes in title I, part A; the House amendment elimi-nates references to sections 1116 and 1117 to reflect repeal of those sections in the House amendment. 
See note 16. 21. The Senate bill and House amendment 
change references to reflect provisions in sections 1114 and 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii), respec-tively. 
See note 16. 22. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar changes to refer to nonprofit or for-profit organizations using evidence- based strategies. 
See note 16. 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, also refers to improving teach-ing and schools. 
See note 16. 24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a reference in the subpara-graph (A) to the lowest performing schools as identified under section 1114. 
See note 16. 25. The House amendment rewords para-
graph (2) to replace the requirement that schools demonstrate the greatest need with a requirement schools demonstrate greatest commitment to using funds to improve schools. 
See note 16. 26. The Senate bill adds ‘‘as determined by 
the State’’ in subparagraph (B). 
See note 16. 27. The Senate bill maintains subparagraph 
(C), but rewords to require ‘‘evidence-based interventions’’ targeted at ‘‘lowest-per-forming’’ schools, and changes reference to section 1116 to ‘‘to improve student achieve-ment and student outcomes.’’ The House amendment eliminates paragraph (3) which is similar to subparagraph (C) in the Senate bill. 
See note 16. 28. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, provides for a technical edit due to restructuring of Title I, Part A. 
See note 16. 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes reference to ‘‘sub-section (b)’’ to ‘‘this subsection’’. 
See note 16. 29a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘for a fiscal year’’. 
See note 16. 30. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes ‘‘any fiscal year’’ to ‘‘fiscal year 2016 and each subsequent fiscal year’’. See note 16. 
31. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes technical changes to reflect restructuring of Title I, Part A. 
See note 16. 32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes technical edits to change section/subsection references. 
See note 16. 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes technical edits to change references to section/subsection. 
See note 16. 34. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes language dealing with fami-lies below the poverty line. 
See note 16. 35. The House amendment strikes sub-
section (g). The Senate bill also does not in-clude subsection (g), but includes similar provisions in 1114(c). See note 239 related to section 1114(c) in the Senate bill. 
See note 16. 36. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes technical changes to reflect restructuring of Title I, Part A. 
HR 37. The Senate bill redesignates this sec-
tion as section 1003. The Senate bill makes no changes to current law, but adds a new subsection (c) Technical Assistance and Sup-port. See note 16. 
SR 38. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes this provision on Direct Student Services. 
SR with an amendment to read as follows: 
SEC.1003A. DIRECT STUDENT SERVICES. 
(a) S TATE RESERVATION .—Each State, after 
meaningful consultation with geographically diverse local educational agencies, including suburban, rural, and urban local educational agencies and local agencies with a high per-centage of schools identified by the state for comprehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i) and local edu-cational agencies with a high percentage of schools implementing targeted support and improvement plans under section 1111(d)(2), may reserve 3 percent of the amount the State receives under subpart 2 for each fiscal year to carry out this section. Of such re-served funds, the State educational agency may use up to 1 percent to administer the program described in this section. 
(b) A
WARDS .—From the amount reserved 
under subsection (a), the State educational agency shall award grants to geographically diverse local educational agencies, including suburban, rural, and urban local educational agencies. In making such awards, the State shall prioritize awards to local educational agencies with the highest percentage of schools identified by the state for com-prehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i) or schools imple-menting targeted support and improvement plans under section 1111(d)(2). 
(c) L
OCAL USE OF FUNDS .—A local edu-
cational agency receiving an award under this section— 
(1) may use up to 1 percent of each award 
for outreach and communication to parents about available direct student services in the district and state; 
(2) may use not more than 2 percent of 
each award for administrative costs related to direct student services; and 
(3) shall use the remainder of the award to 
pay the costs associated with one or more of the following direct student services— 
(A) enrollment and participation in aca-
demic courses not otherwise available at the school, including career and technical edu-cation coursework that is aligned with the challenging State academic standards de-scribed in section 1111(b)(1)(C) and leads to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.074 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8549 November 30, 2015 
industry-recognized credentials that meet 
the quality criteria established by the State under section 123(a) of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102), and advanced courses; 
(B) credit recovery and academic accelera-
tion courses that lead to a regular high school diploma; 
(C) assist students in successfully com-
pleting postsecondary level instruction and examinations that are accepted for credit at institutions of higher education, including Advanced Placement and International Bac-calaureate programs, which may include re-imbursing low-income students to cover part or all of the costs of fees for such examina-tions; 
(D) components of a personalized learning 
approach, which may include high-quality academic tutoring; and 
(E) in local educational agencies that do 
not choose to reserve funds under section 1111(d)(1)(D)(v), transportation to allow a student enrolled in a school identified for comprehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i) to transfer to another public school that has not been iden-tified by the state under such section, which may include a public charter school. 
(4) in paying the costs associated with di-
rect student services under paragraph (3), the local educational agency shall— 
(A) first, pay such costs for students who 
are enrolled in schools identified by the state for comprehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i); 
(B) second, pay such costs for low-achiev-
ing students who are enrolled in schools im-plementing targeted support and improve-ment plans under section 1111(d)(2); and 
(C) with any remaining funds, pay such 
costs for other low-achieving students served by the local educational agency. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .—A local educational 
agency desiring to receive an award under subsection (b) shall submit an application at such time and in such manner as the State educational agency shall require, and de-scribing how the local educational agency will— 
(1) provide adequate outreach to ensure 
parents can exercise a meaningful choice of direct student services for their child’s edu-cation; 
(2) ensure parents have adequate time and 
information to make a meaningful choice prior to enrolling their child in a direct stu-dent service; 
(3) ensure sufficient availability of seats in 
the public schools the local educational agency will make available for public school choice options; 
(4) prioritize services to students who are 
lowest-achieving; 
(5) select providers of direct student serv-
ices, which may include one or more of the following— 
(A) the local educational agency or other 
local educational agencies; 
(B) community colleges or other institu-
tions of higher education; 
(C) non-public entities; (D) community-based organizations; or (E) in the case of high-quality academic 
tutoring, a variety of providers of such tu-toring that are selected and approved by the State and appear on the State’s list of such providers required under subsection (e)(2); and 
(6) monitor the services provided through 
direct student services; and 
(7) publicly report the results of direct stu-
dent service providers in improving relevant students outcomes in a manner that is acces-sible to parents 
(e) P
ROVIDERS AND SCHOOLS .—The State 
shall— (1) ensure that each local educational 
agency that receives an award under this section and intends to provide public school choice can provide a sufficient number of op-tions to provide a meaningful choice for par-ents; 
(2) compile and maintain, following a fair 
and impartial selection and approval proc-ess, an updated list of State-approved high- quality academic tutoring providers that— 
(A) is developed using a fair negotiations 
and rigorous selection and approval process; 
(B) provides parents with meaningful 
choices; 
(C) offers a range of tutoring models, in-
cluding online and on campus; and 
(D) includes only providers that— (i) have a demonstrated record of success 
in increasing students’ academic achieve-ment; 
(ii) comply with all applicable Federal, 
State, and local health, safety, and civil rights laws; and 
(iii) provide instruction and content that is 
secular, neutral and non-ideological; 
(3) ensure that each local educational 
agency receiving an award will provide an adequate number of high-quality academic tutoring options to ensure parents have a meaningful choice of services.’; 
(4) develop and implement procedures for 
monitoring the quality of services provided by direct student servicer providers; and 
(5) establish and implement clear criteria 
describing the course of action for providers that are not successful in raising student academic outcomes, which, for high-quality academic tutoring provider, may include a process to remove State approval under sub-section (e)(2). 
39. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, has a subtitle heading. 
HR 40. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, amends the headings for title I, part A. 
HR 41. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, converts subtitles to chapters. 
HR 42. The Senate bill and House amendment 
strike and replace section 1111. The Senate bill also strikes and replaces sections 1112 through 1117. 
SR 43. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes the heading for subsection (a). 
SR 44. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, omits the word ‘‘shall’’. 
HR 45. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have wording differences. 
SR 
46. The Senate bill and House amendment 
add different entities to consult with. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘(includ-
ing organizations representing such individ-uals)’’ 
47. The Senate bill includes additional Acts 
to coordinate with. 
HR with an amendment to add a new para-
graph (2): 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Consultation required 
under paragraph (1) shall not interfere with the timely submission of the plan required under this section. 
48. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to describe what evidence-based strategies the State will im-plement. 
SR 49. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes the section reference. 
LC 50. The Senate bill includes language on 
peer review and secretarial approval. The House amendment includes similar language 
in section 1111(e). 
HR 51. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements for peer review appointments. See note 53. 
HR with amendment to read as follows: 
(3) Peer review and secretarial approval— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
(i) establish a peer-review process to assist 
in the review of State plans; 
(ii) establish multidisciplinary peer-review 
teams and appoint members of such teams— 
(I) who are representative of parents, 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, the community, including the business community, and researchers who are familiar with the implementation of academic standards, assessments, or ac-countability systems, and how to meet the needs of disadvantaged students, children with disabilities, English learners, the needs of low-performing schools, and other edu-cational needs of students; 
(II) that include, to the extent practicable, 
majority representation of individuals who have practical experience in the classroom, school administration, or State or local gov-ernment, such as direct employees of a school, local educational agency, or State educational agency within the preceding 2 years; and 
(III) who represent a regionally diverse 
cross-section of States; 
(iii) make available to the public, includ-
ing by such means as posting to the Depart-ment’s website, the list of peer reviewers who have reviewed State plans under this section; 
(iv) ensure that the peer-review teams are 
comprised of varied individuals so that the same peer reviewers are not reviewing all of the State plans; and 
52. The Senate bill says a plan is deemed 
approved within 90 days unless the Secretary demonstrates the plan does not meet the re-quirements. See note 54. 
HR with amendment to strike subpara-
graph (v) and insert the following: 
(v) approve a State plan within 120 days of 
its submission unless the Secretary deter-mines that such State plan does not meet the requirements of this section and has re-plied in writing providing the supporting in-formation and rationale to substantiate such determination. 
53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, include additional provisions related to purpose and nature of review, and appointments. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘publicly 
available’’ and replace with ‘‘transparent’’ 
54. The House amendment requires the Sec-
retary to approve a plan within 120 days. See note 52. 
HR 
55. The Senate bill and House amendment 
lay out different criteria and steps for Sec-retary disapproval. 
HR/SR insert new clauses under subpara-
graph (A) in paragraph (3) to read as follows: 
(vi) disapprove of the State plan only if the 
Secretary determines how the State plan fails to meet the requirements of this section and immediately notifies the State of such determination and the reasons for such de-termination in writing as required in clause (v); 
(vii) not decline to approve a State’s plan 
before— 
(I) offering the State an opportunity to re-
vise its plan; 
‘(II) providing technical assistance in order 
to assist the State to meet the requirements of this section; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.075 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8550 November 30, 2015 
(III) providing all peer-review comments, 
suggestions, recommendations, or concerns in writing to the State; and 
(IV) providing a hearing, unless the State 
declines the opportunity for such hearing; and 
(viii) have the authority to disapprove a 
State plan if the State has been notified and offered an opportunity to revise and resub-mit with technical assistance under clause (vii), and— 
(I) the State does not revise and resubmit 
its plan; or 
(II) the State revises and resubmits a plan 
that the Secretary determines does not meet the requirements of this section after a hear-ing conducted under clause (vii)(IV), if appli-cable. 
56. The House amendment includes limita-
tions for the Secretary. The Senate bill con-tains a similar limitation within a more ex-pansive set of limitations. See note 59. 
HR 57. The House amendment includes a sepa-
rate paragraph on state revisions. The Sen-ate bill includes language on state revisions in paragraphs (4), (5), and (8). See notes 55, 58, and 65. 
HR 58. The Senate bill includes a separate 
paragraph on state plan disapproval. See notes 54 through 56. 
SR 
59. The Senate bill includes a separate 
paragraph on Secretary limitations. See notes 56, 61, 62, and 66. 
SR 60. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different public review requirements. HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘com-ments;’’ and insert ‘‘guidance, notes, and com-ments and the names of the peer reviewers (once the peer reviewers have completed their work);’’ 
61. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a prohibition on the Sec-retary. SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and 
the Secretary’s staff,’’ and insert after ‘‘Sec-retary’’, ‘‘and political appointees of the De-partment’’, and to strike the second sentence. 
62. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a rule of construction re-garding Secretary approval. See note 59. 
HR 63. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar plan duration language. The House amendment includes this language in section 1111(f). 
HR 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, establishes a seven-year dura-tion. 
SR 65. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include different requirements for ad-ditional information. 
HR with an amendment to strike subpara-
graph (C) 
66. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a limitation on the Secretary’s authority. 
SR 67. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on failing to meet requirements. The House amendment lan-guage is in section 1111(g). 
HR 68. The House amendment requires the Sec-
retary to withhold funds; the Senate bill per-mits the Secretary to withhold funds. 
HR 69. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the State to post their State plan for at least 30 days for public re-view. 
HR 70. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different subsection headings. SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘Chal-
lenging’’ before Academic Standards, and in-sert ‘‘Systems’’ after ‘‘Accountability’’ 
71. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different paragraph headings. 
HR 72. The Senate bill requires an assurance of 
the adoption of challenging State academic standards; the House amendment requires demonstration State has adopted academic content standards and academic achieve-ment standards. 
HR 73. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires three levels for achievement standards. 
HR 74. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, says that States shall not be re-quired to submit standards to the Secretary. 
HR 75. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar requirements for the same standards; the House amendment includes language on achievement standards that the Senate bill includes in subparagraph (C) of the Senate bill. See note 77. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike lan-
guage in both bills and insert the following: 
(B) Same Standards.—Except as provided 
in subparagraph (E), the standards required by subparagraph (A) shall— 
(i) apply to all public schools and public 
school students in the State; and 
(ii) with respect to academic achievement 
standards, include the same knowledge, skills, and levels of achievement expected of all public school students in the State. 
76. The Senate bill provides an exception to 
this requirement for alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities as provided for in subparagraph (E). 
HR 77. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar language on subjects; the Sen-ate bill includes language on levels of achievement that is similar to the language the House amendment includes in subpara-graph (C). See note 75. 
SR 78. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to demonstrate how their standards are aligned with higher education, career and technical education, and relevant early learning guidelines. 
HR with an amendment to strike subpara-
graph (D) and insert the following: 
(D) Alignment.— (i) I
N GENERAL —Each State shall dem-
onstrate that the challenging State aca-demic standards are aligned with entrance requirements for credit-bearing coursework in the system of public higher education in the State and relevant State career and technical education standards. 
(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION —Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to authorize State in-stitutions of higher education to determine the specific challenging State academic standards required under this Act. 
79. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different subparagraph headings. 
HR 
80. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both allow States to develop alternate aca-demic achievement standards using a docu-mented and validated standards setting proc-ess. 
HR 81. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the determination about the use of alternate academic achievement standards be made separately for each stu-dent. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, requires this information to be designated in the student’s individualized education program for each student. HR 
82. The Senate bill and House amendment 
require alignment of the alternate academic achievement standards with other State standards, but the Senate bill specifies the alignment should be with content standards. 
HR 83. The Senate bill and House amendment 
require alternate academic achievement standards to promote access to the general curriculum, but the Senate bill requires that this be consistent with the purposes of the IDEA. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, con-
sistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act’’ after ‘‘curriculum’’ 
84. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different language to describe the re-quirement for the standards to reflect the highest standards for the students. 
SR 85. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the alternate academic achievement standards be aligned in such a way to ensure that a student who meets the standard is on track for further education or employment. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘for fur-
ther’’ and insert ‘‘to pursue postsecondary’’ and to add before the period ‘‘, consistent with the purposes of Title IV of Pub. L 113– 128’’ 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the intent of the 
Conferees that alternate achievement stand-ards be vertically aligned to ensure cross- grade coherence and a building of skills, with proficiency against the standards resulting in a student’s readiness to access postsec-ondary education or employment.’’ 
86. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, prohibits any other alternate or modified achievement standards for children with disabilities. 
HR 87. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different requirements related to English language proficiency standards. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘describe 
how the State educational agency will estab-lish’’ and insert ‘‘demonstrate that the State has adopted’’, to strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert the following: 
‘‘; 
(ii) address the different proficiency levels 
of English learners; and’’ and to redesignate clause (ii) as clause (iii)’’ 
88. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, clarifies that States do not have to submit their standards to the Secretary, and contain prohibitions on the Secretary’s authority over standards. 
HR 89. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on existing stand-ards. The House amendment includes the language in subsection (b)(6). 
HR 90. The House amendment and Senate bill 
refer to different bill titles. 
LC 91. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have slightly different language. 
SR 92. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the assessments be used in evaluating the performance of local edu-cational agencies and schools under the State’s accountability system. The Senate bill contains similar language requiring these assessments to be used in the State’s accountability system in paragraph (3) of the Senate bill. 
HR 93. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes an exception for sub-paragraph (D) related to alternate assess-ments for the students with the most signifi-cant cognitive disabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.076 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8551 November 30, 2015 
HR 
94. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have slightly different language with respect to measuring student achievement; the Sen-ate bill, but not the House amendment, in-cludes language on assessment administra-tion to all public school students. 
HR 95. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, refers to ‘‘challenging’’ aca-demic standards. 
HR 96. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes an additional require-ment that information on the student’s per-formance at grade level be provided. 
HR 97. The Senate bill includes this separate 
provision. The House amendment includes some of this language in clause (iv). See note 98. 
HR 98. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements. See note 97. 
HR 99. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language regarding the fre-quency of administration. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘be adminis-
tered’’ and all that follows through the semi-colon and replace with ‘‘be administered— (aa) in each of grades 3 through 8; and (bb) at least once in grades 9 through 12’’ 
100. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision regarding administration of any other subjects chosen by the State. 
SR 101. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include different provisions that re-quire the assessments to include measures that assess higher order thinking skills and understanding. 
HR 102. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision requiring the assessments to measure proficiency and permitting the assessments to measure growth. 
HR 103. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different provisions related to partici-pation of students. 
LC 
104. The Senate bill requires appropriate 
accommodations for students with disabil-ities and the House amendment requires rea-sonable accommodations. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘includ-
ing students with the most significant cog-nitive disabilities, ’’ after ‘‘section 602(3) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act,’’ and to insert ‘‘or alternate academic achievement standards described in para-graph (1)(E)’’ after ‘‘State academic stand-ards’’ 
105. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a reference to assistive technology and IDEA. 
HR 106. The House amendment requires accom-
modations for English learners to be ‘‘rea-sonable,’’ while the Senate bill requires ac-commodations to be ‘‘appropriate.’’ 
HR 107. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include slightly different wording regarding the inclusion of English learners. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘(1)(F)’’ 
and insert ‘‘[(G)]’’ 
108. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar provisions with slightly dif-ferent wording and different clause numbers. 
SR with an amendment to read as follows: 
(1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘annual’’; 
and 
(2) in subclause (II)— (A) to insert ‘‘statewide interim’’ after 
‘‘multiple’’; and (B) to insert ‘‘or growth’’ after ‘‘achieve-
ment’’. 
109. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar provisions. 
HR 110. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar provisions. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, con-
sistent with clause (iii),’’ after ‘‘reports’’ and strike ‘‘teachers, and’’ and insert ‘‘teachers, principals, and other’’ 
111. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar provisions; the House amend-ment, but not the Senate bill, requires disaggregation by status as a student with a parent who is an active duty member of the Armed Forces. The Senate bill includes this in note 178. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘ (VI) mi-
grant status;’’ and insert the following: 
(VI) migrant status, except that, in the 
case of a local educational agency or a school, such disaggregation shall not be re-quired in a case in which the number of stu-dents in a subgroup is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the re-sults would reveal personally identifiable in-formation about an individual; 
112. The House amendment requires 
disaggregation by status as a student in fos-ter care. The Senate requires disaggregated reporting on academic assessments and grad-uation rates for foster students on the State report card. See note 178. 
HR 113. The House amendment includes lan-
guage on personally identifiable informa-tion. The Senate bill includes similar lan-guage in paragraph (C). See note 119. 
SR 114. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision on itemized score analyses. 
HR 115. The House amendment includes this 
provision on the 95 percent participation rate requirement while the Senate bill in-cludes a 95 percent participation rate re-quirement in paragraph (3)(B)(vi) of the Sen-ate bill. 
HR 116. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision related to opt out and the 95 percent participation re-quirement. 
HR 117. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include a similar provision; the House amendment references the definition for ‘‘universal design for learning’’ in the Higher Education Act while the Senate bill includes a definition in the general provisions. 
HR 118. The Senate bill includes this separate 
subparagraph on disaggregation. The House amendment includes similar language in clause (xii). 2See note 114. 
SR with an amendment to strike subpara-
graph (C) and insert the following: 
([C]) Exception for Advanced Mathematics 
in Middle School. —For purposes of imple-menting subparagraph (B)[(v)](I)(aa) for grade 8 with respect to mathematics, the State may exempt any 8th grade student from such assessment if— 
(i) such student takes advanced mathe-
matics during such student’s 8th grade year and takes the end-of-course assessment the State typically administers to meet the re-quirements of subparagraph (B)[(v)](I)(bb) in that subject; 
(ii such student’s achievement on such 
end-of-course assessment shall be used for purposes of subsection [(c)(2)(B)(i)], in lieu of their achievement on the mathematics as-sessment required in subparagraph (B)[(v)](I)(aa), and such student shall be counted as participating in the assessment for purposes of subsection [(c)(4)(B)(vi)]; and (iii) such student takes an additional 
mathematics assessment in high school, which may be any end-of-course assessment in advanced mathematics that is more ad-vanced than the assessment taken by such student to fulfill the requirement of sub-clause (I), to meet the requirements of sub-paragraph (B)[(v)](I)(bb), which shall be used to measure such student’s academic achieve-ment for purposes of subsection [(c)(2)(B)(i)]. 
119. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different subparagraph headings. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike sub-
paragraph (D) and replace with the fol-lowing: 
(D) Alternate assessments for students 
with the most significant cognitive disabil-ities.— 
(i) Alternate assessments aligned with al-
ternate academic achievement standards.—A State may provide for alternate assessments aligned with the challenging State academic content standards and alternate academic achievement standards described in para-graph (1)(E) for students with the most sig-nificant cognitive disabilities, if the State— 
(I) consistent with clause (ii), ensures that, 
for each subject, the total number of stu-dents assessed in such subject using the al-ternate assessments does not exceed 1 per-cent of the total number of all students in the State who are assessed in such subject; 
(II) ensures that the parents of such stu-
dents are clearly informed, as part of the process for developing the Individualized Education Program (as defined in section 614(d)(1)(A) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1414(d)(1)(A)), that— 
(aa) their child’s academic achievement 
will be measured against such alternate standards; and 
(bb) how participation in such assessments 
may delay or otherwise affect the student 
from completing the requirements for a reg-ular high school diploma; 
(III) promotes, consistent with the Individ-
uals with Disabilities Education Act, the in-volvement and progress of students with the most significant cognitive disabilities in the general education curriculum; 
(IV) describes in the State plan the steps 
the State has taken to incorporate universal design for learning, to the extent feasible, in alternate assessments; 
(V) describes in the State plan how that 
general and special education teachers and other appropriate staff know how to admin-ister the alternate assessments, and make appropriate use of accommodations for chil-dren with disabilities on all assessments re-quired under this paragraph; 
(VI) develops, disseminates information 
on, and promotes the use of appropriate ac-commodations to increase the number of stu-dents with significant cognitive disabilities participating in academic instruction and assessments and increase the number of stu-dents with significant cognitive disabilities who are tested against challenging State academic achievement standards for the grade level in which a student is enrolled; and 
(VII) does not preclude a student with the 
most significant cognitive disabilities who takes an alternate assessment based on al-ternate academic achievement standards from attempting to complete the require-ments for a regular high school diploma. 
(ii) Special rules.— (I) Responsibility under idea.—Subject to 
the authority and requirements for the indi-vidualized education program team for a child with a disability under section 614(d)(1)(A)(i)(VI)(bb) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, such team shall, consistent with the guidelines established by the State and required under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:31 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.064 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8552 November 30, 2015 
612(a)(16)(C) of the Individuals with Disabil-
ities Education Act and clause (i)(II) of this subparagraph, determine when a child with a significant cognitive disability shall partici-pate in the alternate assessment aligned to the alternate academic achievement stand-ards. 
(II) Prohibition on local cap.—Nothing in 
this subparagraph shall be construed to per-mit the Secretary or a State educational agency to impose on any local educational agency a cap on the percentage of students administered the alternate assessment under this subparagraph, except that a local edu-cational agency exceeding the cap applied to the state under clause (i)(I) shall submit in-formation to the State educational agency justifying the need to exceed such cap. 
(III) State support.—A State shall provide 
appropriate oversight, as determined by the State, of any local educational agency that must submit information to the State under subclause (II). 
(IV) Waiver authority.—This subparagraph 
shall be subject to the Secretary’s waiver au-thority under section [8XXX] of this Act. 
120. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both include a requirement for alignment of the alternate assessment with the State standards. However, the Senate bill, but not the House amendment, clarifies the alter-nate assessment must be aligned with both the same content standards developed for all students and the alternate academic achievement standards developed for stu-dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities. 
See note 119. 121. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, sets an upper limit for the num-ber of children who can be assessed in each subject using the alternate assessment at one percent of the total number of students in the State who are assessed in that subject. 
See note 119. 122. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language related to estab-lishing and monitoring guidelines for indi-vidualized education program teams to use when determining whether a child’s signifi-cant cognitive disability justifies using the alternate assessment. 
See note 119. 123. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that parents are in-volved in the decision to use the alternate assessment for their child, as required by the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. 
See note 119. 124. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, include a requirement that par-ents are informed that their child’s academic achievement will be measured against alter-nate standards and whether participation in the alternate assessment will preclude the student from completing the requirements for a high school diploma. 
See note 119. 125. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes requirements on mak-ing progress in the general curriculum. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the students are included in the general curriculum. 
See note 119. 126. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a state plan description on ensuring access. 
See note 119. 127. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the State to include a description of the steps the State has taken to incorporate universal design for learning in the alternate assessment. 
See note 119. 128. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both require that teachers and other appro-priate staff know how to administer assess-ments and make appropriate use of accom-
modations. The Senate bill extends this re-quirement to all assessments, whereas the House amendment extends this requirement to the alternate assessment only. 
See note 119. 129. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both include a requirement to develop, dis-seminate information about, and promote the use of accommodation. The Senate bill and House amendment both specify these ac-commodations should increase the number of students tested against the State academic achievement standards. The House amend-ment, but not the Senate bill, clarifies these standards should be for the grade in which the student is enrolled. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, specifies these accommodations should also promote par-ticipation in academic instruction and re-quires the State to describe in their State plan how appropriate accommodations will be provided. 
See note 119. 130. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have a similar requirement about students who are assessed using the alternate assess-ment not being precluded from attempting to complete a high school diploma, but the House amendment refers to a ‘‘secondary school diploma’’. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, clarifies that a State de-termines the specific requirements for a di-ploma. 
See note 119. 131. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a limitation on includ-ing the 1 percent of students tested against the alternate assessment in the State ac-countability system. 
See note 119. 132. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language on State au-thority. 
HR 
133. The Senate bill requires each State 
plan to identify the languages that are ‘‘present to a significant extent’’ in the pop-ulation, while the House amendment re-quires identification of languages that are ‘‘present’’. 
HR 134. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes language on Secretary assistance upon a State’s request. The Sen-ate bill includes this provision as subpara-graph (F) and the House amendment includes it as subparagraph (E). 
SR 135. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements for English lan-guage proficiency assessments. 
SR 136. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this provision on lo-cally designed assessment systems. 
SR with amendment to strike (G) and re-
place with the following: 
(G) L
OCALLY -SELECTED ASSESSMENT .— 
(i) INGENERAL .—Nothing in this paragraph 
shall be construed to prohibit a local edu-cational agency from administering a lo-cally-selected assessment in lieu of the State-designed academic assessment under subclause (I)(bb) and subclause (II)(cc) of clause (v) of subparagraph (B), if the local educational agency selects a nationally-rec-ognized high school academic assessment that has been approved for use by the state as described in clauses (iii) or (iv). 
(ii) S
TATE TECHNICAL CRITERIA .—The State 
educational agency, in order to allow for State approval of nationally-recognized high school academic assessments that are avail-able for local selection, shall establish tech-nical criteria to determine if any such as-sessment meets the requirements of clause (v). (iii) S
TATE APPROVAL .—If a State edu-
cational agency chooses to make a nation-ally-recognized high school assessment available for local selection, such agency shall— 
(I) conduct a review of each assessment to 
determine if such assessment meets or ex-ceeds such technical criteria established by the state under clause (ii); 
(II) submit evidence in accordance with 
section 1111(a)(3) that demonstrates such as-sessment meets the requirements of clause (v) of this paragraph; and 
(III) after fulfilling the requirements of 
subclause (I) and subclause (II), approve such assessment for selection and use by any local educational agency that requests to use such assessment consistent with clause (i). 
(iv) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY OPTION .— 
(I) if a local educational agency chooses to submit a nationally-recognized high school academic assessment to the State edu-cational agency, subject to the approval process described in subclause (I) and sub-clause (II) of clause (iii) to determine if such assessment fulfills the requirements of clause (v), the State educational agency may approve the use of such assessment con-sistent with clause (i); and 
(II) upon such approval, the State edu-
cational agency shall approve the use of such assessment in any other local educational agency in the State that subsequently re-quests to use such assessment without re-peating the process described in subclause (I) and subclause (II) of clause (iii). 
(v) R
EQUIREMENTS .—in order to receive ap-
proval from the State educational agency, such locally-selected assessments shall— 
(I) be aligned to the State’s academic con-
tent standards under section 1111(b)(1), ad-dress the depth and breadth of such stand-ards, and be equivalent in their content cov-erage, difficulty, and quality to the State-de-signed assessments, and may be more rig-orous in their content coverage and dif-ficulty; 
(II) provide comparable, valid, and reliable 
data on academic achievement, as compared to the State-designed assessments, for all students and for each subgroup of students described in subsection (c)(2), with results expressed in terms consistent with the State’s academic achievement standards de-scribed in subsection (b)(1), among all local educational agencies within the State; 
(III) meet the requirements for the assess-
ments under subparagraph (B), including technical criteria, except the requirement under clause (ii) of such subparagraph; and 
(IV) provide unbiased, rational, and con-
sistent differentiation between schools with-in the State to meet the requirements of sec-tion 1111(c). 
(iv) P
ARENTAL NOTIFICATION .—A local edu-
cational agency shall notify parents— 
(I) of its request to the State educational 
agency for approval to administer a locally selected assessment; and 
(II) upon approval, and at the beginning of 
each subsequent school year during which the locally selected assessment will be im-plemented, that the local educational agency will be administering a different assessment than the State-designed assessments under subclause (I)(bb) and subclause (II)(cc) of clause (v) of subparagraph (B). 
Report language: ‘‘It is the intent of the 
Conferees to allow flexibility for States and 
local educational agencies to select and use any nationally-recognized high school as-sessment that is approved for selection after meeting the requirements of this paragraph. It is the intent of the Conferees that existing assessments already widely recognized as validly measuring student performance, such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.065 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8553 November 30, 2015 
as ACT or SAT exams, may, subject to ap-
proval described in this subparagraph, be se-lected and used.’’ 
137. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this deferral language. 
HR 138. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar rules of construction regard-ing use of assessments for student promotion or graduation. The House amendment in-cludes this as a section 1111(k). 
SR 139. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language on computer adapt-ive assessments; in addition, the Senate bill includes this as subparagraph (J) and the House amendment includes it as subpara-graph (F). 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike and 
replace with the following: 
[J/F] A
DAPTIVE ASSESSMENTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), a 
State retains the right to develop and ad-minister computer adaptive assessments as the assessments described in this paragraph, as long as the computer adaptive assess-ments meet the requirements of this para-graph, except that— 
(I) subparagraph [(B)(ii)] shall not be inter-
preted to require that all students taking the computer adaptive assessment be admin-istered the same assessment items; and 
(II) such assessment— (aa) shall measure, at a minimum, each 
student’s academic proficiency against the State’s academic standards for the student’s grade level and growth toward such stand-ards; and 
(bb) may measure the student’s level of 
academic proficiency and growth using items above or below the student’s grade level, in-cluding for use as part of a State’s account-ability system under paragraph (3). 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ in-
tent that adaptive assessments may use items above or below the student’s grade level, but, for purposes of determining and reporting overall proficiency in the account-ability system, the adaptive assessment must measure academic proficiency within a student’s enrolled grade level academic standards.’’ 
140. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a provision describing the applicability of computer adaptive as-sessments for students with the most signifi-cant cognitive disabilities. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(ii) students with the most significant cog-
nitive disabilities and english learners.—In developing and administering computer adaptive assessments.— 
(I) as the assessments allowed under sub-
paragraphs (D), a State shall ensure that such computer adaptive assessments— 
(aa) meet the requirements of this para-
graph, including subparagraph (D), except such assessments shall not be required to meet the requirements of clause (i)(II); and 
(bb) assess the student’s academic achieve-
ment in order to measure, in the subject being assessed, whether the student is per-forming at the student’s grade level. 
(II) as the assessments described under 
subparagraph (G), a State shall ensure that such computer adaptive assessments— 
(aa) meet the requirements of this para-
graph, including subparagraph (G), except such assessment shall not be required to meet the requirements of clause (i)(II); and 
(bb) assess the student’s language pro-
ficiency in order to measure the student’s acquisition of English. 
141. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this language on par-ent and guardian rights. HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘part’’ 
and insert ‘‘paragraph’’ and strike ‘‘state-wide’’ 
142. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision on as-sessment time. 
SR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing at the end of section 1111(b)(2): 
(ll) L
IMITATION ON ASSESSMENT TIME .— 
Subject to Federal or State requirements re-lated to assessments, evaluations, and ac-commodations, each State may, at the sole discretion of such State, set a target limit on the aggregate amount of time devoted to the administration of assessments for each grade, expressed as a percentage of annual instructional hours. 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the ?Conferees’ in-
tent that nothing in the language allowing a State to set a target limit on time spent on assessments shall ever be construed to man-date that a State set such a target limit. Setting a target limit will always be a choice the State makes. Additionally, the Conferees intend that the target limit set in-clude assessments adopted pursuant to this subsection, other assessments required by the State, and assessments required district-wide by the local educational agency.’’ 
143. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘System’’ 
while the House amendment refers to ‘‘Sys-tems’’ in the paragraph heading. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike para-
graph (3) and insert the following: 
(c) S
TATEWIDE ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each state plan shall de-
scribe a Statewide Accountability System that complies with the requirements of this subsection and subsection (d). 
(2) S
UBGROUP OF STUDENTS .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘subgroup of students’ means— 
(A) economically disadvantaged students; (B) students from major racial and ethnic 
groups; 
(C) children with disabilities; and (D) English learners. (3) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF STUDENTS .—Each 
State shall describe— 
(A) with respect to any provisions under 
this part that require disaggregation of in-formation by each subgroup of students, as defined in paragraph (2)— 
(i) the minimum number of students that 
the State determines are necessary to be in-cluded to carry out such requirements and how that number is statistically sound, which shall be the same State-determined number for all students and for each sub-group of students in the state; 
(ii) how such minimum number of students 
was determined by the State, including how the State collaborated with teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, parents, and other stakeholders when determining such minimum number; and 
(iii) how the State ensures that such min-
imum number does not reveal any personally identifiable information; 
(4) D
ESCRIPTION OF SYSTEM .—The statewide 
accountability system described in para-graph (1) 
(A) shall be based on the challenging State 
academic standards described in subsection (b)(1) 
(C) to improve student academic achieve-
ment and school success. In designing such system to meet the requirements of this part, the State shall— 
(A) Establish ambitious State-designed 
long term goals, which shall include meas-urements of interim progress toward meet-ing such goals— 
(i) for all students and separately for each 
of subgroup of students in the State— 
(I) for, at a minimum, improved— (aa) academic achievement, as measured 
by proficiency on the annual assessments re-quired under subsection (b)(2)(B)(v)(I); and (bb) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing— 
(AA) the 4-year adjusted cohort graduation 
rate; and 
(BB) at the State’s discretion, the ex-
tended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate, except that the state shall set a more rig-orous long term goal for such graduation rate; 
(II) for which the term set by the state in 
designing such goals is the same multi-year length of time for all students and for each subgroup of students in the state; and 
(III) that, for subgroups of students who 
are behind on the measures described in clause (i), take into account the improve-ment necessary on such measures to make significant progress in closing statewide pro-ficiency and graduation rate gaps; and 
(ii) for English learners, increases in the 
percentage of students making progress in achieving English language proficiency, as defined by the State, as measured by the as-sessments described in subsection (b)(2)(G), within a State-determined timeline. 
(B) Annually measure, for all students and 
separately for each subgroup of students, ex-cept that the indicator described in clause 
(iv) shall be measured only for the sub-
group of students described in paragraph (2)(D), indicators of— 
(i) For all public schools, academic 
achievement, as measured by proficiency, and at the State’s discretion, student growth for high schools, on the annual assessments required under subsection (b)(2)(B)(v)(I), based on the long term goals established pur-suant to subparagraph (A); 
(ii) For elementary schools and secondary 
schools that are not high schools, a measure of student growth, if determined appropriate by the state, or another valid and reliable statewide academic indicator that allows for meaningful differentiation in school per-formance; 
(iii) For high schools, the 4 year adjusted 
cohort graduation rate, and, at the State’s discretion, the extended-year adjusted co-hort graduation rate, based on State-de-signed long term goals established pursuant to subparagraph (A); 
(iv) English language proficiency for all 
English learners in each of the grades 3 through 8 and in the grade for which such English learners are otherwise assessed under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I) during the grade 9 through 12 period, which may include measures of student growth toward such pro-ficiency; and 
(v) For all schools, not less than one indi-
cator of school quality or student success that allows for meaningful differentiation in school performance and is valid, reliable, comparable, and statewide, which may in-clude measures of— 
(I) Student engagement; (II) Educator engagement; (III) Student access to and completion of 
advanced coursework; 
(IV) Postsecondary readiness; (V) School climate and safety; and (VI) any other indicator the state chooses 
that meets the requirements of this clause; and 
(vi) for all schools, the participation of at 
least 95 percent of all students and at least 95 percent of students in each subgroup of students in the assessments required under subsection (b)(2). 
(C) Establish a system of annually mean-
ingfully differentiating all public schools in the State, which shall— 
(i) be based on all indicators in the State’s 
accountability system under subparagraph (B), for all students and for each of subgroup of students, consistent with the require-ments of such subparagraph; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.066 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8554 November 30, 2015 
(ii) afford substantial weight to each of the 
indicators described in clauses (i) through (iv) of subparagraph (B), and in the aggre-gate greater weight than is afforded to the indicator or indicators utilized by the state and described in subparagraph (B)(v), in the aggregate, with the weight given to the indi-cator described in clause (vi) of such sub-paragraph determined solely by the State; and 
(iii) include differentiation of any school in 
which any subgroup of students is consist-ently underperforming, as determined by the State, based on all indicators under subpara-graph (B) and pursuant to the system estab-lished under this subparagraph; and 
(D) Based on the system of meaningful dif-
ferentiation described in subparagraph (C), establish a State-determined methodology to identify— 
(i) at least once every three years, one 
statewide category of schools for comprehen-sive support and improvement as described in subsection (d)(1), which shall include— 
(I) at least the lowest-performing 5% of all 
Title I schools in the state; 
(II) all high schools in the state failing to 
graduate one third or more of their students; and 
(III) Schools described under subsection 
(d)(3)(A)(i)(II); and 
(ii) at the discretion of the state, addi-
tional statewide categories of schools. 
(E) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
(i) The State educational agency shall 
begin identification of schools described in subparagraph (D) beginning with the 2017– 2018 academic year; and 
(ii) For any student who has not attended 
the same school within a local educational agency for at least half of the academic year, the performance of any such student on the indicators described in clause (i) through clause (v) of subsection (c)(4)(B) may not be used in the system of meaningful differentia-tion of all public schools as described in sub-section (c)(4)(C), except that such perform-ance of any such student shall be used for the purpose of reporting on the State and local educational agency report cards re-quired under subsection (h). 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that States may have opt out policies if they so choose, but any student that opts out shall be included in the denominator for the purposes of calculating the 95 percent par-ticipation rate requirement and for meas-uring, calculating, and reporting proficiency for the purpose of accountability under sec-tion 1111 (c) and (d). The State will make the decision regarding the consequences for a school that fails to comply with the require-ment described in subparagraph (E).’’ 
(d) S
CHOOL SUPPORT AND IMPROVEMENT AC-
TIVITIES .— 
(1) C OMPREHENSIVE SUPPORT AND IMPROVE -
MENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall notify each local educational agency in the state of any school within the local edu-cational agency that is identified for com-prehensive support and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i). 
(B) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ACTION .— 
Upon receiving such information from the State, the local educational agency shall, for each school identified by the state and in partnership with stakeholders (including principals and other school leaders, teachers and parents), locally develop and implement a comprehensive support and improvement plan for the school to improve student out-comes based on all indicators in the state-wide accountability system established under subsection (c)(4), that— 
(i) is informed by all indicators in the 
statewide accountability system described in subsection (c)(4)(B), including student per-
formance against State-determined long term goals; 
(ii) includes evidence-based interventions; (iii) is based on a school-level needs assess-
ment; 
(iv) identifies resource inequities, which 
may include a review of local educational agency and school level budgeting, to be ad-dressed through implementation; 
(v) is approved by the school, local edu-
cational agency, and State educational agen-cy; and 
(vi) upon approval and implementation, is 
monitored and periodically reviewed by the State educational agency. 
(C) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DISCRE -
TION.—The State educational agency may— 
(i) permit differentiated improvement ac-
tivities that utilize evidence-based interven-tions in any high schools identified pursuant to subsection (c)(4)(D)(i)(II) that predomi-nantly serve students— 
(I) returning to education after having 
exited secondary school without a regular high school diploma; or 
(II) who, based on their grade or age, are 
significantly off track to accumulate suffi-cient academic credits to meet high school graduation requirements, as established by the State; and 
(ii) for any high school in the State identi-
fied pursuant to subsection (c)(4)(D)(i)(II) 
that has a total enrollment of less than 100 students, permit the local educational agen-cy to forgo implementation of improvement activities required under this paragraph. 
(D) P
UBLIC SCHOOL CHOICE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agen-
cy may provide all students enrolled in a school identified by the State for com-prehensive support and improvement pursu-ant to subsection (c)(4)(D)(i) with the option to transfer to another public school served by the local educational agency, unless such an option is prohibited by State law. 
(ii) P
RIORITY .—In providing students the 
option to transfer to another public school, the local educational agency shall give pri-ority to the lowest-achieving children from low-income families, as determined by the local educational agency for the purposes of allocating funds to schools under section 1113(a)(3). 
(iii) T
REATMENT .—Students who use the op-
tion to transfer to another public school shall be enrolled in classes and other activi-ties in the public school to which the stu-dents transfer in the same manner as all other children at the public school. 
(iv) S
PECIAL RULE .—A local educational 
agency shall permit a child who transfers to another public school under this paragraph to remain in that school until the child has completed the highest grade in that school. 
(v) F
UNDING FOR TRANSPORTATION .—A local 
educational agency may spend an amount equal to not more than 5 percent of its allo-cation under subpart 2 to pay for the provi-sion of transportation for students who transfer under this paragraph to the public schools to which the students transfer. 
(2) T
ARGETED SUPPORT AND IMPROVEMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall, using the meaningful differentiation of schools described in subsection (c)(4)(C), no-tify each local educational agency in the state of any school within the local edu-cational agency in which any subgroup of students is consistently underperforming as described in paragraph (4)(C)(iii) of such sub-section, and such local educational agencies shall provide notification to any such school. 
(B) T
ARGETED SUPPORT AND IMPROVEMENT  
PLAN .—Each school receiving a notification 
described in this paragraph must, in partner-ship with stakeholders including principals and other school leaders, teachers and par-
ents, develop and implement a school-level targeted support and improvement plan to improve student outcomes based on the indi-cators in the statewide accountability sys-tem established under subsection (c)(4), for the one or more student subgroup that caused the notification that— 
(i) is informed by all indicators in the 
statewide accountability system described in subsection (c)(4)(B), including student per-formance against long term goals; 
(ii) includes evidence-based interventions; (iii) is approved by the local educational 
agency prior to implementation; and 
(iv) is monitored, upon submission and im-
plementation, by the local educational agen-cy; and 
(v) result in additional action following 
unsuccessful implementation of such plan after a number of years determined by the local educational agency. 
(C) A
DDITIONAL TARGETED SUPPORT .—Plans 
described in subparagraph (B) that are devel-oped and implemented in any school receiv-ing a notification from the local educational agency in which the performance of any sub-group of students would lead to identifica-tion for comprehensive support and improve-ment using the State’s methodology under subsection (c)(4)(D) shall also identify re-source inequities, which may include a re-view of local educational agency and school level budgeting, to be addressed through im-plementation of such plan; 
(D) S
PECIAL RULE .—The State educational 
agency shall begin annual differentiation of and notification to local educational agen-cies of any schools described in subparagraph (C) beginning with the 2017–2018 academic year. 
(3) C
ONTINUED SUPPORT FOR SCHOOL AND  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY IMPROVEMENTS .— 
To ensure continued progress to improve stu-dent academic achievement and school suc-cess in the state, the State educational agen-cy— 
(A) shall— (i) establish statewide exit criteria for— (I) schools identified by the state for com-
prehensive support and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i), which, if not satisfied within a state—determined number of years (not to exceed four years), shall result in more rigorous state-determined action, such as the implementation of interventions which may include addressing school-level operations; and 
(II) schools described in paragraph (2)(C), 
which, if not satisfied within a state-deter-mined number of years, shall, in the case of such schools receiving assistance under this part, result in identification of the school by the state for comprehensive support and im-provement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i)(III); 
(ii) periodically review resource allocation 
to support school improvement in local edu-cational agencies in the state with a signifi-cant number of schools identified for com-prehensive support and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i) and schools imple-menting targeted support and improvement plans under paragraph (2); and 
(iii) provide technical assistance to local 
educational agencies in the state with a sig-nificant number of schools implementing comprehensive support and improvement plans under paragraph (1) or schools imple-menting targeted support and improvement plans under paragraph (2); and 
(B) may— (i) take action to initiate additional im-
provement in any local educational agency with a significant number of schools that are consistently identified by the state for com-prehensive support and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i) and not meeting exit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:42 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.068 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8555 November 30, 2015 
criteria established by the state under sub-
paragraph (A)(i)(I) and a significant number of schools implementing targeted support and improvement plans under paragraph (2); and 
(ii) consistent with State law, establish al-
ternative evidence-based State determined strategies that can be used by local edu-cational agencies to assist a school identi-fied for comprehensive improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i). 
(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR COLLECTIVE  
BARGAINING .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall be construed to alter or otherwise af-fect the rights, remedies, and procedures af-forded to school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of un-derstanding, or other agreements between such employers and their employees. 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
for the provisions of this section to establish minimum requirements for State account-ability systems, but not to preclude States from including additional elements or meth-ods for identifying student and school per-formance, which may include using addi-tional categories of students. Such addi-tional elements or methods must not prevent the State from meeting the minimum re-quirements for meaningful differentiation, identification for improvement, and school support and interventions under this section, and the State must not use such additional elements or methods to reduce the number or percentage, or change, the schools that would otherwise be subject to the require-ments of the State’s accountability system as described under 1111(c) and 1111(d).’’ 
144. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition for ‘‘cat-egory of students.’’ The definition includes the same categories as are included in the House amendment in paragraph (3)(B)(ii)(II). 
See note 143. 145. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language requiring States to establish accountability systems. 
See note 143. 146. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements for State ac-countability systems. 
See note 143. 147. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to include grad-uation rates, an academic indicator for ele-mentary and middle schools, and English proficiency in their accountability systems. 
See note 143. 148. The House amendment identifies the 
subgroups a State’s accountability system must identify. The subgroups are mostly identical to the ‘‘category of students’’ defi-nition in the Senate bill, except that the Senate bill says ‘‘children with disabilities’’ and the House amendment says ‘‘students with disabilities’’. See note 145. 
See note 143. 149. The Senate bill permits States to 
measure student growth in their account-ability systems. The House amendment in-cludes a mention of student growth in the assessment paragraph of the House amend-ment. See note 102. 
See note 143. 150. The House amendment requires a sys-
tem of school improvement for low-per-forming public schools receiving Title I funds as part of states’ accountability sys-tems. The Senate bill includes section 1114 regarding school identifications, interven-tions, and supports to improve low-per-forming schools. See note 238. 
See note 143. 151. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, details the other indictor of school quality states must include in their 
accountability systems. 
See note 143. 152. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes requirements related to amount certain indicators must weigh in the State-designed accountability systems. 
See note 143. 153. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires State accountability systems to comply with Sec. 1114 of the Sen-ate bill. 
See note 143. 154. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires State accountability systems to include a clear and understand-able explanation of school identification and differentiation. 
See note 143. 155. The Senate bill includes the require-
ment for states to assess 95 percent of their students within the accountability system. The House amendment included this provi-sion within the assessment requirements of the House amendment. See note 115. 
See note 143. 156. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill contain different language related to prohibitions on the Secretary. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike para-
graph (6) and insert a new subsection (e) of section 1111 as follows: 
(e) P
ROHIBITION . 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this act shall 
be construed to authorize or permit the Sec-retary— 
(A) when promulgating any rule or regula-
tion, to promulgate any rule or regulation on the development or implementation of the statewide accountability system estab-lished under this section that would— 
(i) add new requirements that are incon-
sistent with or outside the scope of this part; 
(ii) add new criteria that are inconsistent 
with or outside the scope of this part; or 
(iii) be in excess of Statutory authority 
granted to the Secretary; 
(B) to, as a condition of approval of the 
State plan, or revisions or amendments to, the State plan, or approval of a waiver re-quest submitted under section 8xxx, to— 
(i) require a State to add any requirements 
that are inconsistent with or outside the scope of this part; 
(ii) require a State to add or delete one or 
more specific elements of the State’s aca-demic standards; or 
(iii) prescribe— (I) numeric long-term goals or measure-
ments of interim progress that states estab-lish for all students, for any subgroups of students, and for English learners with re-spect to English language proficiency, under this part, including— 
(aa) the length of terms set by states in de-
signing such goals; or 
(bb) the progress expected from any sub-
groups of students in meeting such goals; 
(II) specific academic assessments or as-
sessment items that States or local edu-cational agencies use to meet the require-ments of subsection (b)(2) or otherwise use to measure student academic achievement or student growth under this part; 
(III) indicators that States use within the 
State accountability system under this sec-tion, including any requirement to measure student growth, if a State chooses to meas-ure student growth, or the specific metrics used to measure such growth under this part; 
(IV) the specific weight of any measure or 
indicator used to identify or meaningfully differentiate schools, under this part; 
(V) the specific methodology used by 
States to meaningfully differentiate or iden-tify schools under this part; 
(VI) any specific school support and im-
provement strategies that State or local edu-cational agencies establish and implement to 
intervene, support, and improve schools and student outcomes under this part; 
(VII) exit criteria established by States 
under subsection (d)(3)(A)(i); 
(VIII) provided that the State meets the 
requirements in subsection (c)(3), a min-imum number of students; 
(IX) any aspect or parameter of a teacher, 
principal, or other school leader evaluation system within a State or local educational agency; or 
(X) indicators or specific measures of 
teacher, principal, or other school leader ef-fectiveness or quality; or 
(C) to issue new non-regulatory guidance 
that— 
(i) in seeking to provide explanation of re-
quirements under this section for State or local educational agencies, either in re-sponse to requests for information or in an-ticipation of such requests, provides a strict-ly limited or exhaustive list to illustrate successful implementation of provisions under this section; or 
(ii) purports to be legally binding; or (D) to require data collection under this 
part beyond data derived from existing Fed-eral, State, and local reporting require-ments. 
(2) D
EFINING TERMS .—In carrying out this 
part, the Secretary shall not, through regu-lation or as a condition of approval of the State plan or revisions or amendments to the State plan, promulgate a definition of any term used in this part, or otherwise pre-scribe any specification for any such term, that is inconsistent with or outside the scope of this part or is in violation of paragraph (1). 
Report Language: ‘‘While it is the intent of 
the Conferees to allow the Secretary to issue regulations and guidance to clarify the in-tent and implement the law, Conferees in-tend to prohibit any such regulation that would create new requirements inconsistent with or outside the scope of the law, includ-ing regulations that would take from a State the authority to establish a Statewide Ac-countability System, thus undermining the intent of Congress that States establish and make decisions regarding the Statewide Ac-countability System required under this part. For example, the Secretary may issue regulations to implement or clarify the stat-utory requirement that the State meaning-fully differentiate all public schools (such as requiring a statewide accountability system to indicate levels of school performance that are distinct and easy for parents to under-stand); however, in issuing such regulation, the Secretary may not, for example, require a State to meaningfully differentiate schools using an A–F grading system or other spe-cific scoring rubric.’’ 
157. The Senate bill includes this provision 
as subsection (b)(4), while the House amend-ment includes it as paragraph (3)(E). 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(4) E
XCEPTIONS FOR ENGLISH LEARNERS .— 
(A) A CCOUNTABILITY .—With respect to re-
cently arrived English learners, a State may choose to— 
(i) exclude— (I) a recently arrived English learner who 
has attended school in one of the 50 States in the United States or in the District of Co-lumbia for less than 12 months from one ad-ministration of the reading or language arts assessment required under paragraph (2); and 
(II) the results of a recently arrived 
English learner who has attended school in one of the 50 States in the United States or in the District of Columbia for less than 12 months on either or both of the assessments 
under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I) and paragraph (2)(F) for the first year of the English learn-er’s enrollment in a school in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.048 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8556 November 30, 2015 
States for the purposes of the State-deter-
mined accountability system under sub-section (c); or 
(ii)(I) assess, and report the performance 
of, a recently arrived English learner who has attended school in one of the 50 States in the United States or in the District of Co-lumbia for less than 12 months on the read-ing or language arts and mathematics as-sessments required under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I) in each year of the student’s en-rollment in a school in the United States; and 
(II) for the purposes of the State-deter-
mined accountability system— 
(aa) for the first year of the student’s en-
rollment in a school in the United States, ex-clude the results on these assessments; 
(bb) include a measure of student growth 
on the reading or language arts and mathe-matics assessments in the second year of the student’s enrollment; and 
(cc) include proficiency on the reading or 
language arts and mathematics assessments in the third year of the student’s enrollment. 
(B) E
NGLISH LEARNER SUBGROUP .—A State 
may include the results on the assessments under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I), except for re-sults on the English language proficiency as-sessments required under paragraph (2)(G), of former English learners for not more than 4 years after the student is no longer identi-fied as an English learner within the English learner subgroup of the subgroups of stu-dents, as defined in paragraph XX for the purposes of the State-determined account-ability system. 
158. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows a State to exclude re-cently arrived English learners from one ad-ministration of the State’s reading or lan-guage arts assessment. 
See note 157. 159. The Senate bill allows the results of 
reading and math assessments of recently ar-rived English learners to be excluded from accountability determinations for one year, while the House amendment allows for two years in math and three years in reading. 
See note 157. 160. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows the results of former English learners to be included in the English learner category for 4 years. 
See note 157. 161. The Senate bill refers to account-
ability provisions under this ‘‘title’’ while the House amendment refers to account-ability provisions under this ‘‘Act.’’ 
SR 162. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this paragraph on re-quirements. 
HR 163. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this implementation timeline provision. 
HR 164. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this provision on exist-ing state law. 
SR 165. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different subsection headings. 
SR 166. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes additional state plan descriptions in subsection (c)(1). 
HR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following: 
(g) O
THER PLANPROVISIONS .— 
(1) D ESCRIPTIONS .—Each State plan shall 
describe— 
(B) how the State will provide assistance 
to local educational agencies and individual elementary schools choosing to use funds under this part to support early childhood education programs; (C) how low-income and minority children 
enrolled in schools assisted under this part are not served at disproportionate rates by ineffective, out-of-field, and inexperienced teachers, and the measures the State edu-cational agency will use to evaluate and pub-licly report the progress of the State edu-cational agency with respect to such descrip-tion; however, nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as requiring a State to de-velop or implement a teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation system;. 
(D) how the State educational agency will 
support local educational agencies receiving assistance under this part to improve school conditions for student learning, including through reducing— 
(i) incidences of bullying and harassment; 
(ii) the overuse of discipline practices that 
remove students from the classroom; and 
(iii) the use of aversive behavioral inter-
ventions that compromise student health and safety; 
(E) how the State will support local edu-
cational agencies receiving assistance under this part in meeting the needs of students at all levels of schooling, particularly students in the middle grades and high school, includ-ing how the State will work with such local educational agencies to provide effective transitions to middle grades and high school in order to decrease student risk of dropping out; 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ in-
tent that States describe how the unique needs of students are met, particularly those students in the middle grades and high schools. The Conferees intend that States will work with local educational agencies re-ceiving assistance under this part to assist in identifying students who are at-risk of dropping out using indicators such as attend-ance and student engagement data, to ensure effective student transitions from middle to high school, including by aligning cur-riculum and student supports, and to assist in effective transitions from high school to postsecondary education through strategies such as partnerships between local edu-cational agencies and institutions of higher education. Such strategies to improve tran-sitions may include integration of rigorous 
academics, career and technical education, and work-based learning. In order to accom-plish these priorities, the Conferees intend that States will provide professional devel-opment to teachers, principals, other school leaders, and other school personnel to ensure that the academic and developmental needs of middle and high school students are met.’’ 
(F) the steps a State educational agency 
will take to ensure collaboration with the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq. and 670 et seq.) to ensure the edu-cational stability of children in foster care, including assurances that— 
(i) any such child enrolls or remains in 
such child’s school of origin, unless a deter-mination is made that it is not in such child’s best interest to attend the school of origin, which decision shall be based on all factors relating to the child’s best interest, including consideration of the appropriate-ness of the current educational setting and the proximity to the school in which the child is enrolled at the time of placement; 
(ii) when a determination is made that it is 
not in such child’s best interest to remain in the school of origin, the child is immediately enrolled in a new school, even if the child is unable to produce records normally required for enrollment; 
(iii) the enrolling school shall immediately 
contact the school last attended by any such child to obtain relevant academic and other records; and (iv) the State educational agency will des-
ignate an employee to serve as a point of contact for child welfare agencies and to oversee implementation of the State agency responsibilities required under this subpara-graph, and such point of contact shall not be the State’s Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths under section 722(d)(3) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; 
(F) how the State educational agency will 
provide support to local educational agencies in the identification, enrollment, attend-ance, and school stability of homeless chil-dren and youths; and 
(G) such other factors the State edu-
cational agency determines appropriate to provide students an opportunity to achieve the knowledge and skills described in the challenging State academic standards. 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ in-
tent that each State describes how it will support local educational agencies and schools by providing resources and guidance, professional development, and technical as-sistance to reduce techniques, strategies, interventions, and policies that compromise the health and safety of students, such as se-clusion and restraint.’’ 
167. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures these provisions as a paragraph (2). The Senate bill and House amendment have different lead-ins. 
HR 168. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different assurances. 
HR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following: 
(2) A
SSURANCES .—Each State plan shall 
contain assurances that.— 
(A) the State will make public any meth-
ods or criteria the State is using to measure teacher, principal, and other school leader effectiveness for the purpose of meeting the requirements described in paragraph (1)(C); 
(B) the State educational agency will no-
tify local educational agencies, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, schools, teachers, parents, and the public of the challenging State academic standards, academic assess-ments, and State accountability system, de-veloped under this section; 
(C) the State educational agency will as-
sist each local educational agency and school affected by the State plan to meet the requirements of this part; 
(D) the State will participate in the bien-
nial State academic assessments in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 of the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(3) of the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act if the Secretary pays the costs of administering such assessments; 
(E) the State educational agency will mod-
ify or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers so that schools can easily consoli-date funds from other Federal, State, and local sources in order to improve educational opportunities and reduce unnecessary fiscal and accounting requirements; 
(F) the State educational agency will sup-
port the collection and dissemination to local educational agencies and schools of ef-fective parent and family engagement strat-egies, including those included in the parent and family engagement policy under section 111[8]; 
(G) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the least restrictive and burdensome regulations for local educational agencies and individual schools participating in a pro-gram assisted under this part; 
(H) the State educational agency will en-
sure that local educational agencies, in de-veloping and implementing programs under this part, will, to the extent feasible, work in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.049 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8557 November 30, 2015 
consultation with outside intermediary orga-
nizations, such as educational service agen-cies, or individuals, that have practical ex-pertise in the development or use of [evi-dence-based] strategies and programs to im-prove teaching, learning, and schools; 
(I) the State educational agency has appro-
priate procedures and safeguards in place to ensure the validity of the assessment proc-
ess; 
(J) the State educational agency will en-
sure that all teachers and paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part meet applicable State certifi-cation and licensure requirements, including alternative certification requirements; 
(K) the State educational agency will co-
ordinate activities funded under this part with other Federal activities as appropriate; 
(L) the State educational agency has in-
volved the committee of practitioners estab-lished under section 1503(b) in developing the plan and monitoring its implementation; [and] 
(M) the State has professional standards 
for paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part, includ-ing qualifications that were in place on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015; [and] 
(N) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the information described in clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) of subsection (d)(1)(C) to the public in an easily accessible and user- friendly manner that can be cross-tabulated by, at a minimum, each major racial and ethnic group, gender, English proficiency, and students with or without disabilities, which— 
(i) may be accomplished by including such 
information on the annual State report card described subsection (d)(1)(C)); and 
(ii) shall be presented in a manner that— 
(I) is first anonymized and does not reveal 
personally identifiable information about an individual student; 
(II) does not include a number of students 
in any subgroup of students that is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or that would reveal personally identifi-able information about an individual stu-dent; and 
(III) is consistent with the requirements of 
section 444 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Pri-vacy Act of 1974’). 
Report Language: ‘‘As used in section 8546, 
Prohibition on Aiding and Abetting Sexual Abuse, the phrase ‘‘has probable cause to be-lieve’’ means that the person knows facts that would lead a reasonable person to con-clude that a school employee, contractor, or agent has previously engaged in, or is cur-rently engaging in, sexual misconduct.’’ 
169. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this rule of construc-tion related to cross tabulation of data. 
HR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following: 
(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (2)(O) shall be construed to— 
(A) require groups of students obtained by 
any entity that cross-tabulates the informa-tion provided under such paragraph to be considered categories of students under sub-section (b)(3)(A) for the purposes of the State accountability system under subsection (b)(3); or 
(B) to require or prohibit States from pub-
licly reporting data in a cross-tabulated manner, in order to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(N). 
(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon request 
by a State educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to such agency in order to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(N). 170. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this paragraph regard-ing technical assistance related to cross tab-ulation of data. 
SR with an amendment to insert new sub-
paragraph (B) within paragraph (4) to read as follows: 
(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon request 
by a State educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to such agency in order to— 
(A) meet the requirements of paragraph 
(2)(N); and 
(B) in the case of a State educational agen-
cy choosing, at its sole discretion, to 
disaggregate data described in clauses (ii) and (iii)(II) of subsection (d)(1)(C) for Asian and Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander stu-dents using the same race response cat-egories as the decennial census of the popu-lation, assist such State educational agency in such disaggregation and in using such data to improve academic outcomes for such students. 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees recog-
nize that achievement data for the subgroups of students described in subsection 1111(c)(2) can mask particular challenges that ethnic minorities within each subgroup face. The Conferees encourage States that collect disaggregated data on ethnic minorities within individual subgroups, such as disaggregated data for Asian and Native Ha-waiian/Pacific Islander students using the same race response categories as the decen-nial census of the population to make such information publicly available, so long as such disclosure does not reveal any person-ally identifiable information for any stu-dent.’’ 
171. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this requirement re-garding parental involvement. 
HR 172. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include the requirement for reports in dif-ferent subsections. 
LC 173. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different wording, and the House amendment includes additional language on dissemination. The Senate bill includes simi-lar dissemination language in subparagraph (B)(i)(III) of the Senate bill. See note 176. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(d) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) A NNUAL STATE REPORT CARD .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives as-
sistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate widely to the public an annual State report card for the State as a whole that meets the requirements of this para-graph. 
(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The State report card re-
quired under this paragraph shall be— 
(I) concise; (II) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format that is developed in con-sultation with parents and, to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
(III) widely accessible to the public, which 
shall include making the State report card, [and] all local educational agency report cards required under paragraph (2), [and the annual report to the Secretary under para-graph (5)] available on a single webpage of the State educational agency’s website. 
(ii) E
NSURING PRIVACY .—No State report 
card required under this paragraph shall in-clude any personally identifiable informa-tion about any student. Each such report card shall be consistent with the privacy protections under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). (C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
report card required under this subsection shall include the following information: 
(i) A clear and concise description of the 
State’s accountability system under sub-section (c)(2), including— 
(I) The minimum number of students that 
the State determines are necessary to be in-cluded in each of the subgroups of students, as defined in subsection (c)(1), for use in the accountability system under subsection [(c)]. 
(II) the goals and measurements of interim 
progress for all students and for each of the subgroups of students, as defined in sub-section (c)(2)(A); 
(III) the indicators used in the account-
ability system described in subsection (c)(2)(B) to meaningfully differentiate all schools 
(IV) The State’s system for meaningfully 
differentiating all schools, including— 
(aa) the specific weight of the indicators 
described in (c)(2)(B) in such differentiation; 
(bb) the criteria by which the State dif-
ferentiates all schools; 
(cc) the criteria by which the State dif-
ferentiates a school as consistently under-performing for any subgroup of students de-scribed in section (c)(2)(C)(iii), including the time period used by the State to determine consistent underperformance, ; and 
(dd) the criteria by which the State identi-
fies a school for comprehensive support and improvement as required under subsection (c)(2)(D)(i); 
(V) the number and names of all schools 
identified by the State for comprehensive support and improvement under subsection (c)(2)(D)(i) or targeted support and improve-ment under subsection (d)(2); 
(VI) the exit criteria established by the 
State as required under clause (i) of sub-section (d)(3)(A), including the length of 
years established under clause (i)(II); 
(ii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each subgroup of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)[(xi)], homeless status, sta-tus as a child in foster care, and status as a student with a parent who is an active duty (as defined in section 101(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code) member of the Armed Forces (as defined in section 101(a)(4) of such title) except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the num-ber of students in a subgroup is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifi-able information about an individual stu-dent, information on student achievement on the academic assessments described in sub-section (b)(2) at each level of achievement, as determined by the State under subsection (b)(1). 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ in-
tent that States and districts may also in-clude students with a parent in the National Guard or Reserves as part of the group of students with a parent who is an active member of the Armed Forces.’’ 
(iii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each of the subgroups of students, as defined in subsection (c)(1), and for purposes of sub-clause (II), homeless status and status as a child in foster care, except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a cat-egory is insufficient to yield statistically re-liable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual student— 
(I) information on the performance on the 
other academic indicator under subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii) for elementary schools and sec-ondary schools that are not high schools used by the State in the State account-ability system; and 
(II) high school graduation rates, including 
4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.051 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8558 November 30, 2015 
at the State’s discretion, extended-year ad-
justed cohort graduation rates. 
(iv) Information on the number and per-
centage of English learners achieving English language proficiency; 
(v) For all students and disaggregated by 
each of the subgroups of students, as defined in subsection (c)(1), except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a sub-group is insufficient to yield statistically re-liable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual student, information on the performance on the other indicator or in-dicators of school quality or student success under subsection (c)(2)(B)(v) used by the State in the State accountability system; 
(vi) Information on the progress of all stu-
dents and each subgroup of students, as de-fined in subsection (c)(1), toward meeting the State-designed long term goals under sub-section (c)(2)(A), including the progress of all students and each subgroup of students against the State measurements of interim progress established under such subsection 
(vii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each subgroup of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)[(xi)], the percentage of stu-dents assessed and not assessed. 
(viii)(I) Information submitted by the 
State educational agency and each local edu-cational agency in the State in response to the following question numbers (from the 2013–14 list of elements spreadsheet made available by the Secretary), in accordance with the 2013–2014 data collection conducted pursuant to section 203(c)(1) of the Depart-ment of Education Organization Act (20 U.S.C. 3413(c)(1): 
(aa) P2Q17T2, P2Q18T2; (bb) P2Q23T1; (cc) P2Q17T5, P2Q17T6, P2Q18T5, P2Q18T6; (dd) P2Q17T9, P2Q18T9 (ee) PTQ30T1, P2Q31T1, P2Q31T2, P2Q31T3; (ff) P2Q17T8, P2Q18T8; (gg) P2Q10T1; (hh) P1Q08T1; and (ii) P1Q27T1, P1Q23T1, and P1Q37T1. (II) With respect to such data collections 
conducted after the 2013–2014 data collection, notwithstanding any modifications to ques-tion number designations from the 2013–14 list of elements spreadsheet, the information submitted by the State educational agency and each local educational agency in the State in response to question numbers sub-stantially corresponding to the 2013–2014 question number designations referred to in subclause (I). 
(ix) The professional qualifications of 
teachers in the State, including information (that shall be presented in the aggregate and disaggregated by high-poverty compared to low-poverty schools on the number and per-centage of— 
(I) inexperienced teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders; 
(II) teachers teaching with emergency or 
provisional credentials; and 
(III) teachers who are not teaching in the 
subject or field for which the teacher is cer-tified or licensed 
(x) The per-pupil expenditures of Federal, 
State, and local funds, including actual per-sonnel expenditures and actual nonpersonnel expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, disaggregated by source of funds, for each local educational agency and each school in the State for the preceding fiscal year. 
(xi) The number and percentages of stu-
dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities that take an alternate assess-ment under subsection (b)(2)(D), by grade and subject, except that such reporting shall not be required in a case in which the results would reveal personally identifiable informa-
tion about an individual student. 
(xii) Results on the National Assessment of 
Educational Progress in reading and mathe-matics in grades 4 and 8 for the State, com-pared to the national average. 
(xiii) where available, for each high 
school in the State, and beginning with the report card released in 2017, the cohort rate (in the aggregate, and disaggregated for each subgroup of students defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the re-sults would reveal personally identifiable in-formation about an individual student) at which students who graduate from the high school enroll, for the first academic year that begins after the students’ graduation— 
(I) in programs of public postsecondary 
education in the State; and 
(II) if data are available and to the extent 
practicable, in programs of private postsec-ondary education in the State or programs of postsecondary education outside the State; and 
(xiv) Any additional information that the 
State believes will best provide parents, stu-dents, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each of 
the State’s public elementary schools and secondary schools, which may include the number and percentage of students attaining career and technical proficiencies, as defined by section 113(b) of the Carl D. Perkins Ca-reer and Technical Education Act of 2006 and reported by States only in a manner con-sistent with section 113(c) of that Act. 
(D) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subparagraph (C)(viii) shall be construed as requiring— 
(i) reporting of any data that are not col-
lected in accordance with section 203(c)(1) of the Department of Education Organization Act (20 U.S.C. 3413(c)(1); or 
(ii) disaggregation of any data other than 
as required under subsection [(b)(2)(B)(xi)/ (xii)]. 
(2) A
NNUAL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RE -
PORT CARDS .— 
(A) P REPARATION AND DISSEMINATION .—A 
local educational agency that receives as-sistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card that includes information on such agency as a whole and each school served by the agency. 
(B) D
ATA.—A local educational agency or 
school shall only include in its annual local educational agency report card data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation, that do not reveal personally identi-fiable information about an individual stu-dent. Each such report card shall be con-sistent with the privacy protection under section 444 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Pri-vacy Act of 1974.’’ 
(C) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Each local edu-
cational agency report card shall be— 
(i) concise; (ii) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format, and to the extent prac-ticable, in a language that parents can un-derstand; and 
(iii) accessible to the public, which shall 
include— 
(I) placing such report card on the website 
of the local educational agency; and 
(II) in any case in which a local edu-
cational agency does not operate a website, providing the information to the public in another manner determined by the local edu-cational agency. 
(D) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The State 
educational agency shall ensure that each local educational agency collects appro-
priate data and includes in the local edu-cational agency’s annual report the informa-tion described in paragraph (1)(C), disaggregated in the same manner as under paragraph (1)(C), except for clause (xv) of such paragraph, as applied to the local edu-cational agency and each school served by the local educational agency, including— 
(i) in the case of a local educational agen-
cy, information that shows how students served by the local educational agency achieved on the academic assessments de-scribed in subsection (b)(2) compared to stu-dents in the State as a whole; 
(ii) in the case of a school, information 
that shows how the school’s students’ achievement on the academic assessments described in subsection (b)(2) compared to students served by the local educational agency and the State as a whole; and 
(iii) any other information that the local 
educational agency determines is appro-priate and will best provide parents, stu-dents, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each public school served by the local educational agency, whether or not such information is included in the annual State report card. 
174. The Senate bill and House amendment 
structure subparagraph (B) differently. 
See note 173. 175. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slightly different wording in clause (ii)/ (II). 
See note 173. 176. The Senate bill, includes a subclause 
(III) on dissemination which is similar to the requirement in subparagraph (A) of the House amendment. 
See note 173. 177. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different language on privacy. The Senate bill references FERPA and the House amendment contains a broad prohibition on the data. 
See note 173. 178. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different required information provi-sions for the report cards. 
See note 173. 179. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this rule of construc-tion. 
See note 173. 180. The House amendment includes a sepa-
rate provision permitting additional, op-tional information to be included on the re-port cards. The Senate bill contains a simi-lar provision in subparagraph (C)(xxi) of the Senate bill. 
See note 173. 181. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different wording for requiring annual local educational agency report cards. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, requires the LEA report card to include in-formation for the LEA as a whole and indi-vidual report cards for each school served by the LEA. 
See note 173. 182. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on privacy. The Senate bill includes a reference to FERPA. 
See note 173. 183. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this implementation provision. The Senate bill includes dissemi-nation language. The Senate bill also in-cludes a subparagraph (D), and the House amendment a subparagraph (E), on dissemi-nation. See note 186. 
See note 173. 184. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different minimum requirements provisions. 
See note 173. 185. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on other informa-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.052 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8559 November 30, 2015 
See note 173. 
186. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar provisions on public dissemi-nation. See note 183. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and;’’ in-
sert after ‘‘schools’’ the following: 
in a manner that is— 
(i) concise; (ii) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format, and to the extent prac-ticable, in a language that parents can un-derstand; and 
(iii) accessible to the public, which shall 
include— 
(I) placing such report card on the website 
of the local educational agency and on the website of each school served by the agency; and 
(II) in any case in which a local edu-
cational agency or school does not operate a website, providing the information to the public in another manner determined by the local educational agency. 
187. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this exception related to LEA report cards. 
HR 188. The Senate and bill and House amend-
ment, include similar provisions on pre-existing report cards. 
SR 189. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this cost reduction provision. 
HR 190. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this annual state re-port to the Secretary. 
HR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following: 
(4) A
NNUAL STATE REPORT TO THE SEC -
RETARY .—Each State educational agency re-
ceiving assistance under this part shall re-port annually to the Secretary, and make widely available within the State— 
(A) information on the achievement of stu-
dents on the academic assessments required by subsection (b)(3), including the disaggregated results for the subgroups of students identified in subsection (c)(2); 
(B) information on the acquisition of 
English proficiency by English learners; 
(C) the number and names of each school— (i) identified for comprehensive support 
and improvement under subsection (c)(4)(D)(i); and 
(ii) implementing targeted support and im-
provement plans under subsection (d)(2); and 
(D) information on the professional quali-
fications of teachers in the State, including information on the number and the percent-age of— 
(i) Inexperienced teachers; (ii) Teachers teaching with emergency or 
provisional credentials; and 
(iii) Teachers who are not teaching in the 
subject or field for which the teacher is cer-tified or licensed. 
191. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision on pres-entation of data. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘(A) IN 
GENERAL —’’ in subparagraph (A) and strike subparagraph (B) 
192. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this report to Con-gress. 
HR 193. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this Secretary’s report card. 
SR 194. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this subsection on pri-vacy. The Senate includes these require-ments in the State and local report card sec-tions (see notes 178 and 182). 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘or dis-
seminated’’ after collected. Strike ‘‘and’’ be-tween collected and disseminated’’ and insert 
‘‘or’’ 
195. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different voluntary partnerships provi-sions. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘,either di-
rectly or indirectly,’’ 
196. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on BIE schools. 
SR 197. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are structured differently, but both strike and replace section 1112. 
LC 198. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements under sub-section (a)(1), including different coordina-tion requirements. With regard to the timely consultation language in the Senate bill, see note 202. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert the 
following: 
SEC. 1112. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PLANS. 
(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
(1) S UBGRANTS .—A local educational agen-
cy may receive a subgrant under this part for any fiscal year only if such agency has on file with the State educational agency a plan, approved by the State educational agency, that— 
(A) is developed with timely and meaning-
ful consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, public charter school leaders (in a local edu-cational agency that has charter schools), administrators (including administrators of programs described in other parts of this title), other appropriate school personnel, and with parents of children in schools served under this part; and 
(B) as appropriate, is coordinated with 
other programs under this Act, the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, the Re-habilitation Act of 1973, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the Head Start Act, the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act, and other Acts as appropriate. 
(2) C
ONSOLIDATED APPLICATION .—The plan 
may be submitted as part of a consolidated application under section [9305]. 
(3) S
TATE APPROVAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be filed according to a schedule established by the State edu-cational agency. 
(B) A
PPROVAL .—The State educational 
agency shall approve a local educational agency’s plan only if the State educational agency determines that the local edu-cational agency’s plan— 
(i) Provides that schools served under this 
part enable children served under this part to meet the challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); and 
(ii) Meets the requirements of this section. (4) D
URATION .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be submitted for the first year for which this part is in effect following the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act of 2015 and shall remain in ef-fect for the duration of the agency’s partici-pation under this part. 
(5) R
EVIEW .—Each local educational agency 
shall periodically review and, as necessary, revise its plan. 
(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Consultation 
required under subsection (a)(1)(A) shall not interfere with the timely submission of the plan required under this section. 
(b) P
LAN PROVISIONS .—To ensure that all 
children receive a high-quality education, and to close the achievement gap between children meeting the challenging State aca-demic standards and those who are not, each 
local educational agency plan shall de-scribe— 
(1) how the local educational agency will 
monitor students’ progress in meeting the challenging State academic standards by— 
(A) developing and implementing a well- 
rounded program of instruction to meet the academic needs of all students; 
(B) identifying students who may be at 
risk for academic failure; 
(C) providing additional educational assist-
ance to individual students determined as needing help in meeting the challenging State academic standards; and 
(D) identifying and implementing [evi-
dence-based] methods and instructional strategies intended to strengthen academic programs and improve school conditions for student learning; 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that using funds to improve school condi-tions for student learning might also include reducing incidences of violence, drug and al-cohol use and abuse, and chronic absentee-ism (including both excused and unexcused absences). It is the Conferees further intent that States support local educational agen-cies to reduce these incidences at the school level.’’ 
(3) how the local educational agency will 
identify and address, as required under State plans as described in section 1111(c)(1)(B), any disparities that result in low-income students and minority students being taught at higher rates than other students by inef-fective, inexperienced, and out-of-field teachers; 
(2) how the local educational agency will 
carry out its responsibilities under para-graphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(d); 
(3) the poverty criteria that will be used to 
select school attendance areas under section 
1113; 
(4) in general, the nature of the programs 
to be conducted by such agency’s schools under sections 1114 and 1115 and, where ap-propriate, educational services outside such schools for children living in local institu-tions for neglected or delinquent children, and for neglected and delinquent children in community day school programs; 
(5) the services the local educational agen-
cy will provide homeless children and youths, including services provided with funds reserved under section 1113[(c)(3)(A)] to support the enrollment, attendance, and suc-cess of homeless children and youths, in co-ordination with the services the local edu-cational agency is providing under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; 
(6) the strategy the local educational agen-
cy will use to implement effective parent and family engagement under section [1115]; 
(7) if applicable, how the local educational 
agency will support, coordinate, and inte-grate services provided under this part with early childhood education programs at the local educational agency or individual school level, including plans for the transition of participants in such programs to local ele-mentary school programs; 
(8) how teachers and school leaders, in con-
sultation with parents, administrators, para-professionals, and specialized instructional support personnel, in schools operating a targeted assistance school program under section 1115, will identify the eligible chil-dren most in need of services under this part; 
(9) how the local educational agency will 
implement strategies to facilitate effective transitions for students from middle grades to high school and from high school to post-secondary education including, if applicable, through coordination with institutions of higher education, employers, and other local partners and through increased student ac-cess to early college high school or dual or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.053 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8560 November 30, 2015 
concurrent enrollment opportunities, or ca-
reer counseling to identify student interests and skills; 
(10) how the local educational agency will 
support efforts to reduce the overuse of dis-cipline practices that remove students from the classroom, which may include identi-fying and supporting schools with high rates of discipline, disaggregated by each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2); 
(11) if determined appropriate by the local 
educational agency, how such agency will support programs that coordinate and inte-grate— 
(A) academic and career and technical edu-
cation content through coordinated instruc-tional strategies, that may incorporate expe-riential learning opportunities and promote skills attainment important to in-demand occupations or industries in the State; 
(B) work-based learning opportunities that 
provide students in-depth interaction with industry professionals and, if appropriate, academic credit, and 
(12) any other information on how the local 
educational agency proposes to use funds to meet the purposes of this part, and that the local educational agency determines appro-priate to provide, which may include how the local educational agency will— 
(A) assist schools in identifying and serv-
ing gifted and talented students; 
(B) assist schools in developing effective 
school library programs to provide students an opportunity to develop digital literacy skills and improve academic achievement. 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that local educational agencies may choose to use Title I money for many innovative initiatives to provide students a well-round-ed education, which may include supporting gifted and talented students, expanding ac-cess to Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate programs, or using funds to support efforts to expand and replicate suc-cessful practices from high-performing char-ter schools, magnet schools, and traditional public schools.’’ 
(c) A
SSURANCES .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall provide assurances that the local educational agency will— 
(1) ensure that migratory children and for-
merly migratory children who are eligible to receive services under this part are selected to receive such services on the same basis as other children who are selected to receive services under this part; 
(2) provide services to eligible children at-
tending private elementary schools and sec-ondary schools in accordance with section [1120], and timely and meaningful consulta-tion with private school officials regarding such services; 
(3) participate, if selected, in the National 
Assessment of Educational Progress in read-ing and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 car-ried out under section 303(b)(3) of the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act; 
(4) coordinate and integrate services pro-
vided under this part with other educational services at the local educational agency or individual school level, such as services for English learners, children with disabilities, migratory children, American Indian, Alas-ka Native, and Native Hawaiian children, and homeless children, in order to increase program effectiveness, eliminate duplica-tion, and reduce fragmentation of the in-structional program; 
(5) collaborate with the State or local child 
welfare agency to— 
(A) designate a point of contact if the cor-
responding child welfare agency notifies the local educational agency, in writing, that the agency has designated an employee to serve as a point of contact for the local edu-
cational agency; and 
(B) by not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of the [Every Student Succeeds Act of 2015, develop and implement clear written procedures governing how transpor-tation to maintain children in foster care in their school of origin when in their best in-terest will be provided, arranged, and funded for the duration of the time in foster care, which procedures shall— 
(i) ensure that children in foster care need-
ing transportation to the school of origin will promptly receive transportation in a cost-effective manner and in accordance with section 475(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675(4)(A)); and 
(ii) ensure that, if there are additional 
costs incurred in providing transportation to maintain children in foster care in their schools of origin, the local educational agen-cy will provide transportation to the school of origin if— 
(I) the local child welfare agency agrees to 
reimburse the local educational agency for the cost of such transportation; 
(II) the local educational agency agrees to 
pay for the cost of such transportation; or 
(III) the local educational agency and the 
local child welfare agency agree to share the cost of such transportation; and 
(6) ensure that all teachers and paraprofes-
sionals working in a program supported with funds under this part meet applicable State certification and licensure requirements, in-cluding alternative certification require-ments; 
(7) in the case of a local educational agen-
cy that chooses to use funds under this part to provide [early childhood education] serv-ices to low-income children below the age of compulsory school attendance, ensure that such services comply with the performance standards established under section 641A(a) of the Head Start Act; 
199. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have identical consolidated application pro-visions, except the Senate bill references sec-tion 9305 and the House amendment ref-erences section 6305. 
See note 198. 200. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on State review and approval. The House amendment includes this language as subsection (f). 
See note 198. 201. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this language on State review. 
See note 198. 202. The House amendment includes con-
sultation language as subsection (e)(1). 
See note 198. 203. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar duration language. 
See note 198. 204. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different review provisions. 
See note 198. 205. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this renewal provision. 
See note 198. 206. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different lead-ins to paragraph (1). 
See note 198. 207. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different plan provisions. 
See note 198. 208. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, has language on teacher quali-fications. 
See note 198. 209. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language on disparities in ac-cess to effective teachers. 
See note 198. 210. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements for how local educational agencies will implement the 
bill’s school improvement and intervention requirements. 
See note 198. 211. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar provisions related to operation of Title I programs. 
See note 198. 212. The House amendment includes this 
provision on migrant children. The Senate bill includes similar language as an assur-ance. See note 225. 
See note 198. 213. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different section references. 
See note 198. 214. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar language on family engagement with different section references. 
See note 198. 215. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language on preschool pro-grams. 
See note 198. 216. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different coordination language. 
See note 198. 217. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar language about identifying stu-dents in targeted assistance schools. 
See note 198. 218. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this language on multi-tiered systems of support. 
See note 198. 219. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language on providing opportunities for homeless children and youths. 
See note 198. 220. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision on tran-sitions from middle to high school and high school to postsecondary education. The House amendment includes a similar provi-sion in paragraph (15) of the House amend-ment. See note 223. 
See note 198. 221. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes provisions on dis-cipline, school climate, and expectant and parenting students. 
See note 198. 222. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language on career and tech-nical education. 
See note 198. 223. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes language on Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs, school counselors, and before- school, after-school, and summer school pro-grams. The Senate bill includes a related provision in paragraph (14) of the Senate bill. See note 220. 
See note 198. 224. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language on additional information related to gifted and talented students, school libraries, and well-rounded education. 
See note 198. 225. The Senate bill includes a provision on 
migratory children. See note 212. 
See note 198. 226. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on private school students. 
See note 198. 227. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on participation in NAEP. 
See note 198. 228. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different assurances. 
See note 198. 229. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this special rule relat-ing to Head Start performance standards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.054 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8561 November 30, 2015 
SR with an amendment to insert before the 
period in (2) ‘‘including pursuing the avail-ability of other federal, state, and local fund-ing sources to assist in compliance in such paragraph.’’ 
230. The Senate bill includes this language 
on parents right-to-know. The House amend-ment includes similar language in Title II, section 2402. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(d) P
ARENTS RIGHT-TO-KNOW — 
(1) I NFORMATION FOR PARENTS — 
(A) I NGENERAL .—At the beginning of each 
school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding the professional qualifications of the student’s classroom teachers, including at a minimum, the following: 
(i) Whether the student’s teacher— (I) has met State qualification and licens-
ing criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruc-tion; 
(II) is teaching under emergency or other 
provisional status through which State qual-ification or licensing criteria have been waived; and 
(III) is teaching in the field of discipline of 
the certification of the teacher and; 
(ii) Whether the child is provided services 
by paraprofessionals and, if so, their quali-fications. 
(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—In addition 
to the information that parents may request under subparagraph (A), a school that re-ceives funds under this part shall provide to each individual parent of a child who is a student in such school, with respect to such student— 
(i) information on the level of achievement 
and academic growth of the student, if appli-cable and available, on each of the State aca-demic assessments required under this part; and 
(ii) timely notice that the student has been 
assigned, or has been taught for 4 or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who does not meet applicable State certification or li-censure requirements at the grade level and subject area in which the teacher has been assigned. 
(2) Testing Transparency.— 
(A) In General—At the beginning of each 
school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding any State or local educational agency policy re-garding student participation in any assess-ments mandated by Sec. 1111(b)(2) and by the State or local educational agency, which shall include a policy, procedure, or parental right to opt the child out of such assessment, where applicable. 
(B) Additional Information.—Subject to 
subparagraph (C), each local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall make widely available through public means (including by posting in a clear and easily accessible manner on the local edu-cational agency’s website and, where prac-ticable, on the website of each school served by the local educational agency) for each grade served by the local educational agen-cy, information on each assessment required by the State to comply with section 1111, other assessments required by the State, and where such information is available and fea-sible to report, assessments required dis-trictwide by the local educational agency, 
including— 
(i) the subject matter assessed; (ii) the purpose for which the assessment is 
designed and used; 
(iii) the source of the requirement for the 
assessment; and 
(iv) where such information is available— (I) the amount of time students will spend 
taking the assessment, and the schedule for the assessment; and 
(II) the time and format for disseminating 
results. 
(C) Local educational agency that does not 
operate a website.—In the case of a local educational agency that does not operate a website, such local educational agency shall determine how to make the information de-scribed in subparagraph (A) widely available, such as through distribution of that informa-tion to the media, through public agencies, or directly to parents.) 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that when a local educational agency reports on the schedule of assessments that are re-quired districtwide by such agency, such in-formation will include both the time of day, if known by the local educational agency at the time of notification, and the date or dates within the school year the assessments will be administered.’’ 
231. The Senate bill includes this addi-
tional information in the parents right-to- know. The House amendment includes simi-lar language in section 1111(h)(4). With re-gard to subparagraph (B) of the House amendment, see note 237. 
See note 230. 232. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this language on time-ly notice. 
See note 230. See 233. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this language on test-ing transparency. 
See note 230. 234. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on language in-struction. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike and 
replace to read as follows: 
(3) L
ANGUAGE INSTRUCTION .— 
(A) Notice.—Each local educational agency 
using funds under this part or title III to pro-vide a language instruction educational pro-gram as determined under title III shall, not later than 30 days after the beginning of the school year, inform parents of an English learner identified for participation or par-ticipating in such a program, of— 
(i) the reasons for the identification of 
their child as an English learner and in need of placement in a language instruction edu-cational program; 
(ii) the child’s level of English proficiency, 
how such level was assessed, and the status of the child’s academic achievement; 
(iii) the methods of instruction used in the 
program in which their child is, or will be, participating and the methods of instruction used in other available programs, including how such programs differ in content, instruc-tional goals, and the use of English and a na-tive language in instruction; 
(iv) how the program in which their child 
is, or will be, participating will meet the educational strengths and needs of their child; 
(v) how such program will specifically help 
their child learn English and meet age-ap-propriate academic achievement standards for grade promotion and graduation; 
(vi) the specific exit requirements for the 
program, including the expected rate of tran-sition from such program into classrooms that are not tailored for English learners, and the expected rate of graduation from high school (including 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted 
cohort graduation rates for such program) if funds under this part are used for children in high schools; 
(vii) in the case of a child with a disability, 
how such program meets the objectives of the individualized education program of the child, as described in section 614(d) of the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act; and (viii) information pertaining to parental rights that includes written guidance— 
(I) detailing the right that parents have to 
have their child immediately removed from such program upon their request; 
(II) detailing the options that parents have 
to decline to enroll their child in such pro-gram or to choose another program or meth-od of instruction, if available; and 
(III) assisting parents in selecting among 
various programs and methods of instruc-tion, if more than 1 program or method is of-fered by the eligible entity. 
(B) S
PECIAL RULE APPLICABLE DURING THE  
SCHOOL YEAR .—For those children who have 
not been identified as English learners prior to the beginning of the school year but are identified as English learners during such school year, the local educational agency shall notify the children’s parents during the first 2 weeks of the child being placed in a language instruction educational program consistent with subparagraph (A). 
(C) P
ARENTAL PARTICIPATION .—Each local 
educational agency receiving funds under this part shall implement an effective means of outreach to parents of English learners to inform the parents regarding how the par-ents can be involved in the education of their children, and be active participants in assist-ing their children to attain English pro-ficiency, achieve at high levels in core aca-demic subjects, and meet the challenging State academic standards expected of all students, including holding, and sending no-tice of opportunities for, regular meetings for the purpose of formulating and respond-ing to recommendations from parents of stu-dents assisted under this part or title III. 
(D) B
ASIS FOR ADMISSION OR EXCLUSION .—A 
student shall not be admitted to, or excluded from, any federally assisted education pro-gram on the basis of a surname or language- minority status. 
(3) N
OTICE AND FORMAT .—The notice and in-
formation provided to parents under this subsection shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent prac-ticable, provided in a language that the par-ents can understand. 
235. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different language on format and language. 
See note 234. 236. The Senate bill applies the language to 
all of subsection (d). The House amendment applies the language only to parental notifi-cation regarding language instruction. 
See note 234. 237. The House amendment includes other 
format language in section 1111(h)(4)(B). See note 231. 
See note 234. 238. The Senate bill includes a new section 
1114 dealing with school identification, inter-ventions, and support. The House amend-ment repeals sections 1116 and 1117 dealing with school improvement, support, and rec-ognition. 
SR 239. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes grants for school inter-ventions and support. See note 35. 
SR 240. The Senate bill includes this rule of 
construction. The House amendment in-cludes nearly identical language in a section 1405 in the general provisions of Title I. The Senate bill language applies to section 1114 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.055 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8562 November 30, 2015 
of the Senate bill. The House amendment 
language applies to all of Title I. 
SR 241. The Senate bill strikes section 1119 and 
redesignates sections. The House amendment maintains and makes changes to subsections of section 1119 dealing with paraprofes-sionals. 
HR 242. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section headings. 
LC 243. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, redesignates section 1120A as section 1117. 
LC 244. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a technical change throughout. 
HR 245. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes subsection (a). 
HR 246. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, rewrites subsection (b). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘establish 
any criterion that specifies, defines, or pre-scribes’’ and insert ‘‘prescribe’’ in paragraph (4). 
247. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section headings. 
LC 248. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, redesignates section 1120B as section 1118. 
LC 249. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a technical change throughout. 
HR 250. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar changes to subsection (a). 
SR 251. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar changes to subsection (b). 
HR 252. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike and 
replace with the following: 
[SEC. 1XXX]. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR.’’ and that follows through para-graph (3) and insert the following: 
SEC. XXX. Section 1121 of the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6331) is amended to read as follows: 
SEC. 1121. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR. 
(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—From the 
amount appropriated for payments to States for any fiscal year under section 1002(a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) reserve 0.4 percent to provide assistance 
to the outlying areas in accordance with sub-section (b); and 
(2) reserve 0.7 percent to provide assistance 
to the Secretary of the Interior in accord-ance with subsection (d). 
(b) A
SSISTANCE TO OUTLYING AREAS .—(1) 
FUNDS RESERVED .—From the amount made 
available for any fiscal year under sub-section (a)(1), the Secretary shall— 
(A) first reserve $1 million for the Republic 
of Palau, until Palau enters into an agree-ment for extension of United States edu-cational assistance under the Compact of Free Association, and subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary may estab-lish, except that Public Law 95–134, permit-ting the consolidation of grants, shall not apply; and 
(B) use the remaining funds to award 
grants to the outlying areas in accordance with paragraphs (2) through (5). 
(2) A
MOUNT OF GRANTS .—The Secretary 
shall allocate the amount available under paragraph (1)(B) to the outlying areas in pro-
portion to their relative numbers of children, aged 5 to 17, inclusive, from families below the poverty level, on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data available from the Department of Commerce. 
(3) H
OLD-HARMLESS AMOUNTS . For each fis-
cal year, the amount made available to each outlying area shall be—— 
(A) not less than 95 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the number of children counted under paragraph (2) is not less than 30 percent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the outlying area; 
(B) not less than 90 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is between 15 percent and 30 percent; and 
(C) not less than 85 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is below 15 percent. 
(4) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS . If the amount 
made available under paragraph (1)(B) for any fiscal year is insufficient to pay the full amounts that the outlying areas are eligible to receive under paragraphs (2) and (3) for that fiscal year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce those amounts. 
(5) U
SES.—Grant funds awarded under this 
subsection may be used only—— 
(A) for programs described in this Act, in-
cluding teacher training, curriculum devel-opment, instructional materials, or general school improvement and reform; and 
(B) to provide direct educational services 
that assist all students with meeting chal-lenging State academic content standards. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—For the purpose of sub-
sections (a) and (b), the term ‘‘outlying area’’ means the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
(d) A
LLOTMENT TO THE SECRETARY OF THE  
INTERIOR .— 
(1) I NGENERAL . The amount allotted for 
payments to the Secretary of the Interior under subsection (a)(2) for any fiscal year shall be used, in accordance with such cri-teria as the Secretary may establish, to meet the special educational needs of— 
(A) Indian children on reservations served 
by elementary schools and secondary schools for Indian children operated or supported by the Department of the Interior; and 
(B) out-of-State Indian children in elemen-
tary schools and secondary schools in local educational agencies under special contracts with the Department of the Interior. 
(2) P
AYMENTS .—From the amount allotted 
for payments to the Secretary of the Interior under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary of the Interior shall make payments to local edu-cational agencies, on such terms as the Sec-retary determines will best carry out the purposes of this part, with respect to out-of- State Indian children described in paragraph (1). The amount of such payment may not exceed, for each such child, the greater of— 
(A) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the State in which the agency is located; or 
(B) 48 percent of such expenditure in the 
United States. 
(e) L
IMITATION ON APPLICABILITY .—If, by 
reason of the application of subsection(a) in any fiscal year, the amount available for al-location to all States under this [part/sub-part] would be less than the amount allo-cated to States for fiscal year 2016, the Sec-retary shall provide assistance to the Out-lying Areas and the Secretary of the Interior 
in accordance with this section, as in effect before the enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act of 2015’’. 
253. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, changes section references to re-flect restructuring of the House amendment. 
The Senate bill and House amendment elimi-nate reference to section 1125A(f). See note 286. 
See note 252. 254. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, changes the Act reference. 
See note 252. 255. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes the requirement for con-sideration of recommendations from the Pa-cific Region Educational Laboratory. 
See note 252. 256. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar changes to language regarding standards. 
See note 252. 257. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes the administrative costs for the Pacific Region Educational Labora-tory. 
See note 252. 258. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a technical change. 
See note 252. 259. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 260. The Senate bill and House amendment 
rewrite subsection (a) in different ways. 
SR with an amendment to strike and re-
place with the following: 
Sec. [124]. Allocations to States. 
Section 1122 (20 U.S.C. 6332) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the lead-in to paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘2002–2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2017– 2020’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting: (3) an amount equal to 100 percent of the 
amount, if any, by which the total amount made available under this subsection for the current fiscal year for which the determina-tion is made exceeds the total amount avail-able to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out sections 1125 and 1125A and such amount shall be divided equally between sections 1125 and 1125A. 
261. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, change ‘‘2001’’ to ‘‘2015’’ most places. 
SR 262. 262. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires the amounts to be di-vided equally between sections 1125 and 1125A. 
SR 263. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a technical edit. 
HR 264. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes this change to the sec-tion references. 
SR 265. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes changes to subsection (b)(2). 
SR 266. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a change to subsection (c)(1). 
SR 267. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a technical change. 
HR 268. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a technical change. 
HR 269. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a change regarding sec-tion references. 
SR 270. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this new section 1123. 
SR 271. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes technical changes to sec-tion 1124 consistent with the restructuring of the House amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.056 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8563 November 30, 2015 
HR 
272. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes changes to section 1125. 
HR 273. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers and headings. 
LC 274. The Senate bill makes a technical 
change in a section reference in subsection (b). The House amendment restates sub-section (b) of current law as subsection (a) but makes no changes. 
SR on Senate change in subsection (b) SR on restating subsection (b) as sub-
section (a), with an amendment to strike: ‘‘Sec. 1125AA. Adequacy of Funding to Local Educational Agencies in Fiscal Years After Fiscal Year 2001. (a) Limitation of Alloca-tion.—Pursuant’’ and insert: ‘‘Sec. 1125AA. Adequacy of Funding to Local Educational Agencies in Fiscal Years After Fiscal Year 2001.—Pursuant ’’ 
275. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, rewrites as subsection (b) the findings in subsection (a) of current law. 
HR with an amendment to strike sub-
section (b) 
276. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 277. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a technical change throughout. 
HR 278. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical edit in sub-section (a). 
HR with an amendment to strike the Sen-
ate language and insert the following: 
‘‘(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘funds ap-
propriated under subsection (f)’ and insert-ing ‘funds made available under section 1122(a)’;’’ 
279. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different technical edits in subsection (b) 
SR 280. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes technical edits to sub-sections (c) and (d). 
HR 281. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes subsections (a), (e), and (f), and redesignates. See notes 285 and 286. 
HR 282. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes further technical changes to subsection (b), as redesignated above. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘in sub-
section (b), as so redesignated,’’ and inserting ‘‘in subsection (c)’’ 
283. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes changes to subsection (c). 
HR 284. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds a subsection (e) regarding application of provisions in this section. 
HR 285. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, rewrites subsection (e). See note 
281. 
HR 286. The Senate bill and House amendment 
strike subsection (f). See note 281. 
LC 287. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes technical changes to subsection (f) as redesignated above. 
HR 288. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical change throughout section 1126. 
SR 289. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a technical edit through-out section 1127. 
HR 290. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this new section 1128. HR 
Sec. 1113 
1. The Senate bill combines sections 1113, 
1114, and 1115 of current law into section 1113. The House amendment amends section 1113 and maintains separate sections 1114 and 1115. 
SR 2. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes references to ‘‘part’’ to be consistent with structural changes in Title I in the House amendment. 
LC 3. The Senate bill restructures to make the 
eligible attendance areas a subsection (a) to reflect the new structure of this section. The Senate bill changes section, paragraph, etc. references throughout to reflect this change. 
SR 4. The Senate bill has slight wording dif-
ferences in the lead-in to clause (i). 
LC 5. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures subparagraph (C) to reflect the new clause (ii). See note 7. 
SR 6. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a 50 percent concentra-tion requirement for high schools. 
SR with an amendment to strike the period 
at the end of (B) and insert a semicolon and insert ‘‘(C) Exception—A local educational agency may lower the threshold in subclause (I) to 50 percent for high schools served by such agency. ’’ 
7. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds language creating a rule of construction for the new requirement in the Senate bill related to high schools. 
SR 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures subparagraph (E) in order to add the new clause (ii) related to secondary schools. See note 10. 
HR 9. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes minor wording changes. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘estab-
lished under title XIX of the Social Security Act’’. 
10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new provision to allow a LEA to use a feeder pattern to determine the number of students from low-income fami-lies in high schools. 
HR with amendment to insert ‘‘after meet-
ing the conditions in clause (iii)’’ after ‘‘which shall be’’ and insert a new clause (iii) to read as follows: 
(iii) M
EASURE OF POVERTY .—The local edu-
cational agency shall have the option to use the measure of poverty described in clause (ii)(II) after conducting outreach to sec-ondary schools within such agency regarding the ability to calculate poverty as described in such clause and after a majority of sec-ondary schools in the local educational agen-cy have approved such measure. 
11. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes a paragraph reference in subparagraph (A) to reflect the different structure in the Senate bill. 
SR 12. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes this reference from sec-tion 1120A(c) to section 1117(c) to reflect re-structuring in the Senate bill. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘1117(c) 
and insert ‘‘1118(c) ’’ 
13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the reference from sec-tions 1114 and 1115 to ‘‘this section’’ in sub-clause (II) to reflect the restructuring in the Senate bill. 
SR 14. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the reference from sub-sections to paragraphs to reflect the restruc-
turing in the Senate bill. 
HR 15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes ‘‘paragraph’’ to ‘‘clause’’. 
SR 16. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes the reference to ‘‘subpart 2’’ to reflect restructuring. 
HR 17. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes the reference to section 1116(b). 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘school 
improvement, corrective action, and restruc-turing under section 1116(b)’’ and insert ‘‘comprehensive support and improvement activities or targeted support and improve-ment activities under section 1111(d)’’ 
18. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, eliminates the financial incen-tives and rewards reservation. 
SR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures the reservation of funds. The House amendment makes no changes to this provision in current law. 
HR 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes ‘‘who do not attend par-ticipating schools’’ in clause (i). 
HR 21. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows this reservation of funds to be determined based on a needs assess-ment of homeless children and youth. 
HR with an amendment to redesginate 
‘‘(B)’’ as ‘‘(C)’’ and insert the following: 
(B) M
ETHOD OF DETERMINATION .—The share 
of funds determined under subparagraph (A) shall be determined— 
(i) based on the total allocation received 
by the local educational agency; and 
(ii) prior to any allowable expenditures of 
transfers by the local educational agency; and 
(C) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTH  
22. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this language on re-serving funds for early childhood education. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires school districts to de-termine whether schools operate schoolwide or targeted assistance programs based on a needs assessment. 
SR 24. The Senate bill combines section 1114 
into section 1113 as subsection (c) and changes section, paragraph, etc. references accordingly. The House amendment amends section 1114. 
SR 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the headings of sub-section (a) and subsection (a)(1) of current law (or paragraph (1) and paragraph (1)(A) of the Senate bill). 
LC 26. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes references to ‘‘part’’ throughout. 
LC 27. The House amendment removes the 40 
percent threshold. The Senate bill allows schools below the 40 percent threshold to op-erate schoolwide programs if the local edu-cational agency allows it based on the needs assessment. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘if’’ and 
all that follows through the end and insert ‘‘if the school receives a waiver from the State educational agency to do so, after taking into account how a schoolwide program will best serve the needs of the students in the school served under this part in improving aca-demic achievement and other factors ’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.057 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8564 November 30, 2015 
(c) Schoolwide Programs.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .— 
(A) E LIGIBILITY .—A local educational agen-
cy may consolidate and use funds under this part, together with other Federal, State, and local funds, in order to upgrade the entire educational program of a school that serves an eligible school attendance area in which not less than 40 percent of the children are from low-income families, or not less than 40 percent of the children enrolled in the school are from such families. 
(B) E
XCEPTION .—A school that serves an el-
igible school attendance area in which less than 40 percent of the children are from low- income families, or a school for which less than 40 percent of the children enrolled in the school are from such families, may oper-ate a schoolwide program under this section if the school— 
(i) receives a waiver from the State edu-
cational agency to do so after taking into ac-count how; 
(ii) a schoolwide program will best serve 
the needs of the students in the school served under this part in improving aca-demic achievement and other factors. 
The Senate bill, but not the House amend-
ment, rewrites section 1114(b) of current law as a new paragraph (2). The House amend-ment maintains section 1114(b) of current law but makes changes. 
SR on maintaining section 1114. HR/SR 
with an amendment to strike (2) and insert the following: 
(2) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAM PLAN .—An eligible 
school operating a schoolwide program shall develop (or amend a plan for such a program that was in existence on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act a comprehensive plan, in consulta-
tion with the local educational agency, to the extent feasible, tribes and tribal organi-zations present in the community, and other individuals as determined by the school, that— 
(A) is developed during a 1-year period, un-
less— 
(i) the local educational agency determines 
in consultation with the school that less time is needed to develop and implement the schoolwide program; or 
(ii) the school is operating a schoolwide 
program on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, in which case such school may continue to op-erate such program, but shall develop amendments to its existing plan during the first year of assistance after that date to re-flect the provisions of this section; 
(B) is developed with the involvement of 
parents and other members of the commu-nity to be served and individuals who will carry out such plan, including teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals present in the school, and adminis-trators (including administrators of pro-grams described in other parts of this title), and, if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel, technical assistance pro-viders, school staff, and, if the plan relates to a secondary school, students; 
(C) remains in effect for the duration of the 
school’s participation under this part, except that the plan and its implementation shall be regularly monitored and revised as nec-essary based on student needs to ensure that all students are provided opportunities to meet the challenging State academic stand-ards; 
(D) is available to the local educational 
agency, parents, and the public, and the in-formation contained in such plan shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a lan-guage that the parents can understand; 
(E) if appropriate and applicable, is devel-
oped in coordination and integration with other Federal, State, and local services, re-
sources, and programs, such as programs supported under this Act, violence preven-tion programs, nutrition programs, housing programs, Head Start programs, adult edu-cation programs, career and technical edu-cation programs, and interventions and sup-ports for schools identified for comprehen-sive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i) or targeted support and im-provement under section 1111(d)(2); 
(F) is based on a comprehensive needs as-
sessment of the entire school that takes into account information on the academic achievement of children in relation to the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1), particularly the needs of those children who are failing, or are at-risk of failing, to meet the challenging State aca-demic standards and any other factors as de-termined by the local educational agency; and 
(G) includes a description of— (i) the strategies that the school will be 
implementing to address school needs, in-cluding a description of how such strategies will— 
(I) provide opportunities for all children, 
including each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2) to meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
(II) use methods and instructional strate-
gies that strengthen the academic program in the school, increase the amount and qual-ity of learning time, and help provide an en-riched and accelerated curriculum, which may include programs, activities, and courses necessary to provide a well-rounded education; and 
(III) address the needs of all children in the 
school, but particularly the needs of those at risk of not meeting the challenging State 
academic standards, through activities which may include— 
(aa) counseling, school-based mental 
health programs, specialized instructional support services, mentoring services, and other strategies to improve student’s skills outside the academic subject areas; 
(bb) preparation for and awareness of op-
portunities for postsecondary education and the workforce, which may include career and technical education programs and broad-ening secondary school students’ access to coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school, such as Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, dual or concurrent enrollment or early col-lege high schools; 
(cc) implementation of a schoolwide tiered 
model to prevent and address problem behav-ior, and early intervening services, coordi-nated with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act; 
(dd) professional development and other 
activities for teachers, paraprofessionals, and other school personnel to improve in-struction and use of data from academic as-sessments, and to recruit and retain effective teachers, particularly in high-need subjects; and 
(ee) strategies for assisting preschool chil-
dren in the transition from early childhood education programs to local elementary school programs; and 
(ii) if programs are consolidated, the spe-
cific State educational agency and local edu-cational agency programs and other Federal programs that will be consolidated in the schoolwide program. 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ in-
tent that all programs and schoolwide serv-ices and activities funded under this Act are coordinated with similar services and activi-ties under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, especially when specifically authorized, such as with early intervening 
services and positive behavioral interven-tions and supports.’’ 
29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures section 1114(a)(2) to make it a paragraph (3) of section 1113(c). 
SR 30. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different technical changes to subpara-graph (A). 
LC 31. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, removes a reference to 1120A(b) after ‘‘supplementary’’. 
HR 32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a reference to section 1117. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘1117’’ 
and insert ‘‘1118’’ 
33. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both make a technical change with respect to English learners. The Senate bill and House amendment make different additional technical changes. 
LC. SR on name change to ‘‘English Learn-
ers’’ 
34. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures section 1114(a)(3) to make it paragraph (4) of section 1113(c). 
SR 35. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (b),’’ 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘subsection 
(b)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. 
36. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes ‘‘maintenance of effort’’. 
HR 37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a reference to section 1117. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘1117’’ 
and insert ‘‘1118’’ 
38. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes technical changes. 
HR 39. The Senate bill and House amendment 
eliminate a requirement for schools to de-vote sufficient resources to professional de-velopment. 
LC 40. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures section 1114(c) to make it paragraph (5) of section 1113(c). 
SR 41. The House amendment and Senate bill 
use slightly different language. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert the 
following: 
(c) P
RESCHOOL PROGRAMS —A school that 
operates a schoolwide program under this section may use funds made available under this [part] to establish or enhance preschool programs for children below the age of 6. 
(d) D
ELIVERY OF SERVICES —The elements of 
a schoolwide program under this section may be delivered by nonprofit or for-profit exter-nal providers with expertise in using evi-dence-based or other effective strategies to improve student achievement. 
42. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, inserts the word ‘‘expand’’. 
SR 43. The Senate bill combines section 1115 
into section 1113 as subsection (d) and changes section, paragraph, etc. references accordingly. The House amendment amends section 1115. 
SR 44. The Senate bill and House amendment 
reword the ‘‘In General’’ provision in dif-ferent ways to reflect previous changes in the respective bills. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike sub-
section (a) and insert the following: 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—In all schools selected to 
receive funds under section 1113(c) that are ineligible for a schoolwide program under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.058 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8565 November 30, 2015 
section 1114, that have not received a waiver 
under 1114[(a)(2)] to operate such a schoolwide program, or choose not to oper-ate such a schoolwide program, a local edu-cational agency serving such school may use funds received under this part only for pro-grams that provide services to eligible chil-dren under subsection (b) identified as hav-ing the greatest need for special assistance. 
45. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, rewrites section 1115(c) of cur-rent law as a new paragraph (2). The House amendment maintains section 1115(c) of cur-rent law but makes changes. 
SR on maintaining section 1115. HR/SR to 
strike and insert the following: 
(2) T
ARGETED ASSISTANCE SCHOOL PRO -
GRAM —To assist targeted assistance schools 
and local educational agencies to meet their responsibility to provide for all their stu-dents served under this part the opportunity to meet the State’s challenging student aca-demic achievement standards in subjects as determined by the State, each targeted as-sistance program under this section shall— 
(A) Determine which students will be 
served; 
(B) coordinate the activities supported 
under this part with the regular education program of the school; 
(C) serve participating students identified 
under paragraph (3)(A)(ii), including by— 
(i) using resources under this part to help 
participating children meet the challenging 
State academic standards, which may in-clude programs, activities and courses nec-essary to provide a well-rounded education; 
(ii) using, methods and instructional strat-
egies to strengthen the core academic pro-gram of the school, through activities which may include— 
(I) expanded learning time, before-and 
after-school programs, and summer pro-grams and opportunities; and 
(II) a schoolwide tiered model to prevent 
and address behavior problems, and early in-tervening services, coordinated with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
(iii) coordinating with and supporting the 
regular education program, which may in-clude services to assist preschool children in the transition from early childhood edu-cation programs such as Head Start, the lit-eracy program under part B of title II, or State-run preschool programs to elementary school programs; 
(iv) providing professional development to 
effective teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals, if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel, and other school personnel who work with participating children in programs under this section or in the regular education pro-gram with resources provided under this part, and, to the extent practicable, from other sources; 
(v) implementing strategies to increase the 
involvement of parents of participating chil-dren in accordance with section [1116]; and 
(vi) if appropriate and applicable, coordi-
nating and integrating Federal, State, and local services and programs, such as pro-grams supported under this Act, violence prevention programs, nutrition programs, housing programs, Head Start programs, adult education programs, career and tech-nical education, [and intervention and sup-ports in schools identified for comprehensive support and improvement under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i) or targeted support and im-provement under section 1111(d)(2)]; and 
(D) provide to the local educational agency 
assurances that the school will— 
(i) help provide an accelerated, high-qual-
ity curriculum; 
(ii) minimize removing children from the 
regular classroom during regular school hours for instruction provided under this 
part; and 
(iii) on an ongoing basis, review the 
progress of participating children and revise the targeted assistance program under this section, if necessary, to provide additional assistance to enable such children to meet the challenging State academic standards. 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ in-
tent that a targeted assistance school may use funds to implement positive behavioral interventions and supports.’’ 
46. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, moves the eligible children pro-visions after the program components provi-sions. 
SR 47. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes minor technical edits. 
HR 48. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different edits to references to stand-ards. 
HR 49. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, rewords language related to se-lection of children from preschool through grade 2. 
HR 50. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘children who 
are English learners’’, while the House amendment refers to ‘‘English learners’’. 
SR 51. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different technical changes. 
LC 52. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different changes to the heading. 
HR 53. The Senate bill and House amendment 
strike references to Even Start and Early Reading First. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, adds the literacy pro-gram under part D of Title II. 
LC on first sentence. HR with amendment 
to strike ‘‘part D of title II’’ and insert ‘‘sub-part 2 of part B of Title II’’ 
54. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different technical changes. 
LC 55. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different changes to the heading. 
HR 55a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different technical edits. 
LC 56. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different technical changes. 
LC 57. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different technical edits. 
LC 58. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures the comprehensive services provision. 
LC 59. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different technical edits. 
LC 60. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes ‘‘engaged in a com-prehensive needs assessment and’’. 
SR. 61. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes ‘‘as a last resort’’. 
SR 62. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘and services’’. 
SR 63. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘family support and en-gagement services’’. 
HR 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘health care services and integrated student supports to address the physical, mental, and emotional well-being of children; and’’ . SR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(iv) integrated student supports’’ 
65. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar changes to ‘‘pupil services per-sonnel’’. 
HR 66. The Senate bill and House amendment 
eliminate a requirement for schools to de-vote sufficient resources to professional de-velopment. 
LC 67. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision on dual or concurrent enrollment programs. 
HR with an amendment to strike and re-
place paragraphs (1) and (2) with the fol-lowing: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .— 
(A) a high school operating a schoolwide 
program under subsection (c), may use funds received under this part to operate a dual or concurrent enrollment program that ad-dresses the needs of low-achieving high school students and those at risk of not meeting challenging State academic stand-ards; or 
(B) a high school operating a targeted pro-
gram under subsection (d) may use funds re-ceived under this part to provide dual or con-current enrollment program services to eli-gible children under Sec. 1115 b)(1)(B) who are identified as having the greatest need for special assistance. 
(2) F
LEXIBILITY OF FUNDS —A local edu-
cational agency using funds received under this part for a dual or concurrent program described in clause (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) may use such funds for any of the costs asso-ciated with such program, including the costs of— 
(A) training for teachers, and joint profes-
sional development for teachers in collabora-tion with career and technical educators and educators from institutions of higher edu-cation where appropriate, for the purpose of integrating rigorous academics in such pro-grams; 
(B) tuition and fees, books, required in-
structional materials for such program, and innovative delivery method; and 
(C) transportation to and from such pro-
gram. 
68. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this prohibition. 
HR/LC with an amendment to strike ‘‘com-
prehensive needs assessment under sub-section (b)(2) or a plan under subsection (c) or (d)’’ and insert ‘‘comprehensive needs as-sessment or plan under section 1114[(b)], or a program under section 1115’’ 
69. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes this provision on delivery of services. 
SR 
Family Engagement 
1. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, redesignates section 1118 as 1115. 
SR 2. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the section heading. 
HR Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ in-
tent that, in referencing ‘‘parent and family members’’, States and school districts do not have to take multiple and different steps to reach both parents and also family members. States and school districts can fulfill the re-quirements of this section through a com-bined and simultaneous effort to reach par-ents and family members.’’ 
3. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes a technical edit throughout. 
LC 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes changes to subsection (a)(1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.060 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8566 November 30, 2015 
LC 
5. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes changes in the lead-in to subparagraph (A). 
HR 6. The House amendment strikes a ref-
erence to section 1116 in subparagraph (A). 
HR 7. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes subparagraphs (A) through (F) and inserts new subparagraphs (A) through (F). 
HR 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘to the extent feasible and appropriate’’ and refers to other Federal, State, and local laws, in subparagraph (D) of current law, which is subparagraph (C) of the Senate bill. 
HR 9. The House amendment makes a tech-
nical change in paragraph (3)(A) to reflect bill restructuring. 
LC 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a change to reference ‘‘at least 1 percent’’ rather than ‘‘not less than 1 percent’’ and deletes the references to family literacy and parenting skills. 
HR 11. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a rule of construction. 
HR 12. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the heading and begin-ning of subparagraph (B). 
HR 13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, reduces the amount required to be distributed to schools from 95 percent to 85 percent. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘85’’ and 
insert ‘‘90’’ 
14. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, inserts a priority for high-need schools. 
HR 15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new use of funds provi-sion. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘home visita-
tion programs’’ and insert ‘‘programs that reach parents and family members at home, in the community, and at school’’, and in (v) to strike ‘‘policy, which may include financial literacy activities and adult education and literacy activities, as defined in section 203 of the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act.’’ And insert ‘‘policy.’’ 
16. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes changes to subsection (b). 
HR 17. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes changes to paragraph (3). 
HR 18. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different changes to paragraph (4)(B). 
HR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the section reference to reflect previous changes. 
SR 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a change in the matter preceding paragraph (1). 
HR 21. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different changes to paragraph (1). 
HR 22. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes additional changes to paragraph (2). 
HR 23. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘the chal-
lenging State academic standards’’ and the House amendment refers to ‘‘State’s aca-demic standards.’’ HR 
24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds language about copyright piracy. 
HR 25. The Senate bill inserts ‘‘other school 
leaders’’ while the House amendment strikes ‘‘principals’’ and replaces with ‘‘school lead-ers.’’ 
HR 26. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar changes, but the House amend-ment also strikes ‘‘and public preschool and’’ 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘pro-
grams, including public preschool programs,’’ after ‘‘local’’ 
27. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes and replaces subsection (f). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘full and’’ 
before ‘‘informed’’ 
28. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes and replaces subsection (g). 
SR 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes changes to subsection (h). 
HR 
TITLE I—EQUITABLE PARTICIPATION 
1. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 2. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes section references to reflect earlier changes. 
LC 3. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, restructures paragraph (1). 
SR 4. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives’’ after ‘‘of-ficials’’. 
HR 5. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, says provide such ‘‘service’’ instead of such ‘‘children’’. 
HR 6. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘and individually or in com-bination, as requested by the officials or rep-resentatives to best meet the needs of such children’’ in subparagraph (A). 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or rep-
resentatives’’ 
7. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds a reference to instructional services (including evaluations to determine students’ progress in their academic needs), counseling, and mentoring, one-on-one tutor-ing. 
SR 8. The House amendment Senate bill have 
different references. The House amendment refers to this subpart, the Senate bill refers to section 1115. 
LC 9. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, restructures paragraph (3) to add a subparagraph (B). 
SR 10. The House amendment also changes 
‘‘part’’ to ‘‘subpart’’. 
LC 11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds a requirement for an ombuds-man to be appointed at the State-level to monitor and enforce the requirements of this subpart. 
SR 12. The Senate bill bases expenditures on 
the proportion of funds allocated to partici-pating school attendance areas and the House amendment bases expenditures on par-ticipating public school children. 
HR 13. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have similar requirements to when the share of funds is calculated. ((4)(C) in Senate 
bill below) 
HR 14. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill contains a new provision related to obligation of funds. 
SR with an amendment to strike clause (ii) Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees in-
tent to ensure that the agency shall provide services to eligible students under this provi-sion in a timely manner to ensure such serv-ices will be provided in the year in which the funds were received by such agency. If the agency does not provide equitable services in the year in which the funds were received, such funds should not be redistributed for general use because such services were not provided.’’ 
15. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill contains a new provision related pro-viding notice of allocations. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘deter-
mine’’ through all of clause (ii) and insert ‘‘provide notice in a timely manner to the ap-propriate private school officials in the State of the allocation of funds for educational services and other benefits under this sub-part that the local educational agencies have determined are available for eligible private school children.’’ 
16. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment allows the calculation to be 
done each year or every two years. 
HR 17. The House amendment includes a new 
reference to subsection (b)(6)(C) in provision of services to reflect earlier changes the House amendment made. See note 39. 
SR 18. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives. 
HR 19. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, states a goal of reaching agreement between the local educational agency and the private school officials or representa-tives, and requires transmission to the om-budsman. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or rep-
resentatives’’ and to strike ‘‘in order’’ through ‘‘private school children,’’ and insert ‘‘. Such agency and private school officials shall both have the goal of reaching agreement on how to provide equitable and effective programs for eligible private school children,’’ 
20. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, specifies a reference to subpara-graph (A). 
LC 21. The House amendment and Senate bill 
make a similar change regarding how the proportion of funds is determined. 
HR 22. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes an itemization of costs. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the section reference to reflect previous changes. 
SR 24. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes ‘‘or representatives.’’ 
HR 25. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar new subparagraphs (I). 
HR 26. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes new subparagraph (J) to in-clude in consultation whether private schools may pool such funds. 
SR 27. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a new subparagraph (K) to consult about what time and where the serv-ices will be provided. 
HR/SR with amendment to strike (K) and 
replace with ‘‘when, including the time of day, and where services will be provided;’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.061 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8567 November 30, 2015 
28. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a new subparagraph (L) that includes an allowance to consult about whether to use the funds to provide schoolwide programs. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘this’’ and 
all that follows, and insert ‘‘subsection (a)(4) in coordination with eligible funds for pri-vate schools services under applicable pro-grams, as defined in section 8xxx (b)(1)to pro-vide services to eligible private school chil-dren participating in programs.’’ 
29. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a new paragraph (2) on dis-agreement. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘an anal-
ysis of’’ and ‘‘or representatives’’, and to strike ‘‘has chosen not to adopt the course of action requested by such officials’’ and insert ‘‘disagrees’’. 
30. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives’’. 
HR 30a. The House amendment changes the 
reference from part to ‘‘subpart’’. 
LC 31. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives.’’ 
HR 32. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘meaningful’’ before ‘‘consulta-tion’’. 
SR 33. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes language providing a chance for the private school officials to in-dicate the consultation was not timely or eq-uitable. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or rep-
resentatives’’ and to insert after ‘‘indicate’’ ‘‘that such officials belief’’ 
34. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives’’ in the last sentence. 
HR 35. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds language about attempts at consultation. 
SR 36. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, specifies the right to ‘‘file a com-plaint.’’ 
SR 37. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar additions regarding equitable treatment. The Senate bill adds ‘‘or did not make a decision that treats the . . .’’ The House amendment adds ‘‘or did not treat the . . . .’’ 
HR 38. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, specifies the right to ‘‘file a com-plaint’’ in (B) as well. 
SR 39. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds a new subparagraph (C) regard-ing State educational agencies. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘and institu-
tions, if —’’ and all that follows through the end and insert: 
and institutions, if the appropriate private 
school officials have— 
(I) requested that the State educational 
agency provide such services directly; and 
(II) demonstrated that the local edu-
cational agency involved has not met the re-quirements of this section in accordance with the procedures for making such a re-quest, as prescribed by the State educational agency; 
40. The House amendment and Senate bill 
use different section references but have the same policy. 
LC 41. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes these references to reflect restructuring in the House amendment but have the same policy. LC 
TITLE I, PART B—ASSESSMENTS 
1. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, amends part B of title I to in-clude provisions on academic assessments. 
HR 2. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Secretary to award grants to States to pay the costs of developing, administering, or other activi-ties related to State assessments. The House amendment includes language in the Local Academic Flexible Grant to allow states and local educational agencies to use funds under that program to develop, administer, and audit assessments. See notes 4 and 5. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike Sec.
1201 and insert the following: 
SEC. 1201. GRANTS FOR STATE ASSESSMENTS 
AND RELATED ACTIVITIES. 
(a) From amounts made available in ac-
cordance with section 1204, the Secretary shall make grants to States to enable the States to carry out 1 or more of the fol-lowing: 
(1) To pay the costs of the development of 
the State assessments and standards adopted under section 1111(b), which may include the costs of working in voluntary partnerships with other States, at the sole discretion of each such State. 
(2) If a State has developed the assess-
ments adopted under section 1111(b), to ad-minister those assessments or to carry out other assessment activities described in this part, such as the following: 
(A) Ensuring the provision of appropriate 
accommodations available to children who are English learners and children with dis-abilities to improve the rates of inclusion in regular assessments of such children, includ-ing professional development activities to improve the implementation of such accom-modations in instructional practice. 
1(B) Developing challenging State aca-
demic standards and aligned assessments in 
academic subjects for which standards and assessments are not required under section 1111(b). 
(C) Developing or improving assessments 
of English language proficiency for English learners. 
(D) Ensuring the continued validity and re-
liability of State assessments. 
(E) Refining State assessments to ensure 
their continued alignment with the chal-lenging State academic standards and to im-prove the alignment of curricula and instruc-tional materials. 
(F) Developing or improving balanced as-
sessment systems that include summative, interim, and formative assessments, includ-ing supporting local educational agencies in developing or improving such assessments. 
(G) At the discretion of the State, refining 
science assessments required under section 1111(b)(2) in order to integrate engineering design skills and practices into such assess-ments. 
(H) Developing or improving models to 
measure and assess student progress or stu-dent growth on State assessments under sec-tion 1111(b)(2) and other assessments not re-quired under section 1111(b)(2). 
(I) Developing or improving alternate as-
sessments aligned to alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(D). 
(J) Allowing for collaboration with institu-
tions of higher education, other research in-stitutions, or other organizations to improve the quality, validity, and reliability of State academic assessments beyond the require-ments for such assessments described in sec-tion 1111(b)(2). 
(K) Measuring student academic achieve-
ment using multiple measures of student academic achievement from multiple 
sources. 
(L) Developing or improving assessments 
for students who are children with disabil-ities, including using the principles of uni-versal design for learning, developing assess-ments aligned to alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(D). 
(M) Developing or improving assessments 
for English learners, including assessments of English language proficiency as required under section 1111(b)(2)(G) and academic as-sessments in languages other than English to meet the State’s obligations under section 1111(b)(2)(F); 
(N) Developing or improving models to 
measure and assess growth on State assess-ments under section 1111(b)(2). 
(O) Evaluating student academic achieve-
ment through the development of com-prehensive academic assessment instru-ments, such as performance and technology- based academic assessments, computer adaptive assessments, projects, or extended performance task assessments, that empha-size the mastery of standards and aligned competencies in a competency-based edu-cation model. 
(P) Designing the report cards and reports 
under section 1111(d) in an easily accessible, user-friendly manner that [cross-tabulates student information by any category the State determines appropriate, as long as such cross-tabulation— 
(A) does not reveal personally identifiable 
information about an individual student; and 
(B) is derived from existing State and local 
reporting requirements and data sources.] 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (7) shall be construed as author-izing, requiring, or allowing any additional reporting requirements, data elements, or in-formation to be reported to the Secretary not otherwise explicitly authorized under this Act. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving a grant under this section shall submit an annual report to the Secretary describing its activities under the grant and the result of such activities. 
3. The Senate bill authorizes the Secretary 
to award competitive grants to SEAs for en-hanced assessment instruments. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
See note 2. 4. The Senate bill authorizes the Secretary 
to award competitive grants to States to audit State and local assessment systems. The House amendment includes state and local audit authority in the Local Academic Flexible Grant. See notes 2 and 5. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike 1203 
and insert the following: 
SEC. 1203. STATE OPTION TO CONDUCT ASSESS-
MENT SYSTEM AUDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 1204(a)(1)(C) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall make grants to States to enable the States to— 
(1) in the case of a grant awarded under 
this section to a State for the first time— 
(A) audit State assessment systems and en-
sure that local educational agencies audit local assessments under subsection (e)(1); 
(B) execute the State plan under sub-
section (e)(3)(D); and 
(C) award subgrants under subsection (f); 
and 
(2) in the case of a grant awarded under 
this section to a State that has previously received a grant under this section— 
(A) execute the State plan under sub-
section (e)(3)(D); and 
(B) award subgrants under subsection (f). 
(b) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Each State shall re-
ceive a grant amount of not less than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.062 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8568 November 30, 2015 
$1,500,000 per fiscal year upon submission of 
its application. 
(c) R EALLOCATION .—If a State chooses not 
to apply for a grant under this subsection, the Secretary shall reallocate such grant amount to other States in accordance with section 1201. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .—A State desiring to re-
ceive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall require. The application shall include a de-scription of: 
(1) the audit the State will carry out under 
subsection (e)(1); 
(2) the stakeholder feedback the State will 
seek in designing such audit; and 
(3) how the State will award grants to local 
educational agencies under subsection (f). 
(e) A
UDITS OF STATE ASSESSMENT SYS-
TEMS AND LOCAL ASSESSMENTS .— 
(1) A UDIT REQUIREMENTS —Not later than 1 
year after a State receives an initial grant under this section for the first time, the State shall— 
(A) conduct a State assessment system 
audit; 
(B) ensure that each local educational 
agency receiving funds under this section conducts an audit of local assessments ad-ministered by the local educational agency and submits the results of such audit to the State; and 
(C) report the results of each State and 
local educational agency audit conducted under subparagraphs (A) and (B), in a format that is widely accessible and publicly avail-able. 
(2) R
ESOURCES FOR LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), 
each State shall provide local educational agencies with resources, such as guidelines and protocols, to assist in conducting and re-porting audit results. 
(3) S
TATE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DESCRIP -
TION.—Each State assessment system audit 
conducted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— 
(A) the schedule for the administration of 
all State assessments; and 
(B) for each State assessment— (i) the purpose for which the assessment 
was designed and the purpose for which the assessment is used; and 
(ii) the legal authority for the administra-
tion of the assessment; 
(C) feedback on such system from edu-
cation stakeholders, which shall cover infor-mation such as— 
(i) how educators, school leaders, and ad-
ministrators use assessment data to improve and differentiate instruction; 
(ii) the timing of release of assessment 
data; 
(iii) the extent to which assessment data is 
presented in an accessible and understand-able format for all stakeholders; 
(iv) the opportunities, resources, and train-
ing educators and administrators are given to review assessment results and make effec-tive use of assessment data; 
(v) the distribution of technological re-
sources and personnel necessary to admin-ister assessments; 
(vi) the amount of time educators spend on 
assessment preparation and administration; 
(vii) the assessments that administrators, 
educators, parents, and students, if appro-priate, do and do not find useful; and 
(viii) other information as appropriate; and (D) a plan, based on the results of the 
audit, to improve and streamline the State assessment system, including activities such as— 
(i) eliminating any unnecessary assess-
ments, which may include buying out the re-mainder of procurement contracts; (ii) supporting the dissemination of best 
practices from local educational agencies or other States that have successfully improved assessment quality and efficiency to improve teaching and learning; and 
(iii) supporting local educational agencies 
or consortia of local educational agencies to 
carry out efforts to streamline local assess-ment systems and implement a regular proc-ess of review and evaluation of assessment use in local educational agencies. 
(4) L
OCAL ASSESSMENT DESCRIPTION .—An 
audit of a local assessment conducted under paragraph (1) shall include the same infor-mation required in paragraph (3) as it applies to the local educational agency. 
(5) C
ARRY OUT THE STATE PLAN .—A State 
shall execute the plan described in paragraph (3)(D) with funds received under this part. 
(f) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount awarded 
to a State under this section, the State shall reserve not less than 20 percent of funds to make subgrants to local educational agen-cies in the State, or consortia of such local educational agencies, based on demonstrated need in the agency’s or consortium’s applica-tion to improve assessment quality and use, and alignment. 
(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLICA -
TION.—Each local educational agency, or 
consortium of local educational agencies, seeking a subgrant under this subsection shall submit an application to the State at such time, in such manner, and containing such other information as determined by the State. The application shall include a de-scription of the agency or consortium’s needs to improve assessment quality, use, and alignment. 
(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A subgrant awarded 
under this subsection to a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may be used to— 
(A) conduct an audit of local assessments 
under subsection (e)(1)(B); 
(B) carry out the plan described in sub-
section (e)(3)(D) as it pertains to such agency or consortium; 
(C) improve assessment delivery systems 
and schedules, including by increasing access to technology and exam proctors, where ap-propriate; 
(D) hire instructional coaches, or promote 
educators who may receive increased com-pensation to serve as instructional coaches, to support educators to develop classroom- based assessments, interpret assessment data, and design instruction; 
(E) provide for appropriate accommoda-
tions to maximize inclusion of children with disabilities and English learners partici-pating in assessments; and 
(F) improve the capacity of school leaders 
and educators to disseminate assessment data in an accessible and understandable for-mat for parents and families, including for children with disabilities or English learn-ers; 
(g) D
EFINITIONS —In this section: 
(1) L OCAL ASSESSMENT .—The term ‘local as-
sessment’ means an academic assessment se-lected and carried out by a local educational agency that is separate from an assessment required by section 1111(b)(2). 
(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
5. The Senate bill includes subgrants to 
local educational agencies. The House amendment includes language in the Local Academic Flexible Grant to allow local edu-cational agencies to do similar activities. See notes 2 and 4. 
See note 4. 6. The Senate bill authorizes funding to 
States to administer State assessments. The House amendment contains no such provi-
sion. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike Sec. 
1204 and insert the following: 
SEC. 1204. ALLOTMENT OF APROPRIATED FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts made 
available for each fiscal year under [sub-section 1002(b)] that are equal to or less than the amount described in section [1111(b)(2)(H)], the Secretary shall— 
(1) reserve 1/2 of 1 percent for the Bureau 
of Indian Education; 
(2) reserve 1/2 of 1 percent for the out-
lying areas; 
(3) reserve not more than 20 percent to 
carry out section 1203; and 
(4) from the remainder, allocate to each 
State for section 1201 an amount equal to— 
(A) $3,000,000; and (B) with respect to any amounts remain-
ing after the allocation is made under clause (i), an amount that bears the same relation-ship to such total remaining amounts as the number of students aged 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
(b) A
MOUNTS ABOVE TRIGGER AMOUNT .— 
Any amounts made available for a fiscal year under subsection [1002(b)] that are more than the amount described in section [1111(b)(2)(H)] may be made available as fol-lows: 
(1) (A) To award grants on a competitive 
basis, to State educational agencies that have submitted applications at such time and in such manner which demonstrate that the requirements of this section will be met for the uses of funds under sub-paragraph (J) through (Q) according to the quality, needs, and scope of the State application under that section. 
(B) In determining the grant amount 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that a State’s grant includes an amount that bears the same relationship to the total funds available under this para-graph for the fiscal year as the number of students ages 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
(2) Any amounts remaining after the Sec-
retary awards funds under paragraph (1) shall be allocated to each State that did not receive a grant under such subparagraph, in an amount that bears the same relationship to the total funds available under this sub-paragraph as the number of students ages 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
(c) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION .—In making funds avail-
able to states under this section, the Sec-retary shall not require, condition the awarding of such funds on, or provide pri-ority points for, a State (or a consortium of States) developing any assessment common to a number of States, including testing ac-tivities prohibited under section 9529. 
7. The Senate bill authorizes the Secretary 
to allow States to develop innovative assess-ment systems. The House amendment con-tains no such provision. 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
SEC. 1205. INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT AND AC-
COUNTABILITY DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—The term ‘innovative assessment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:42 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.063 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8569 November 30, 2015 
system’ means a system of assessments that 
may include— 
(1) competency-based assessments, 
instructionally embedded assessments, in-terim assessments, cumulative year-end as-sessments, or performance-based assess-ments that combine into an annual summative determination for a student, which may be administered through com-puter adaptive assessments; and 
(2) assessments that validate when stu-
dents are ready to demonstrate mastery or proficiency and allow for differentiated stu-dent support based on individual learning needs. 
(b) D
EMONSTRATION AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
vide a State educational agency, or a consor-tium of State educational agencies, in ac-cordance with paragraph (3), with the au-thority to establish an innovative assess-ment system. 
(2) D
EMONSTRATION PERIOD .—In accordance 
with the requirements described in sub-section (c), each State educational agency, or consortium of State educational agencies, that submits an application under this sec-tion shall propose in its application the pe-riod of time over which it desires to exercise the demonstration authority, except that such period shall not exceed 5 years. 
(3) I
NITIAL DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY AND  
EXPANSION .— During the first 3 years of the 
demonstration authority under this section, the Secretary shall provide State edu-cational agencies, or consortia of State edu-cational agencies, subject to meeting the ap-plication requirements in subsection (c), with the authority described in paragraph (1), except that during these first 3 years, the total number of participating State edu-cational agencies, including those partici-pating in consortia, may not exceed 7, and not more than 4 State educational agencies may participate in a single consortium. 
(C) P
ROGRESS REPORT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the end of the first 3 years of the initial demonstration period described in subpara-graph (A), the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall publish a report detailing the initial progress of the approved innova-
tive assessment systems prior to providing additional State educational agencies with the demonstration authority described in paragraph (1). 
(ii) C
RITERIA .—The progress report under 
clause (i) shall draw upon the annual infor-mation submitted by participating States described in subsection (c)(2)(I) and examine the extent to which— 
(I) the State educational agencies have so-
licited feedback from teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; 
(II) teachers, principals, and other school 
leaders have demonstrated a commitment and capacity to implement or continue to implement the innovative assessment sys-tems; 
(III) the innovative assessment systems 
have been developed in accordance with the requirements of subsection (c), including substantial evidence that such systems meet such requirements; and 
(IV) each State participating in the dem-
onstration authority has demonstrated that the same system of assessments was used to measure the achievement of all students that participated in the demonstration au-thority, [and not less than the same percent-age of such students overall and in each of the subgroups of students, as defined in sec-tion 1111(c)(2)], were assessed under the inno-vative assessment system, as measured under section 1111(c)(4)(B)(vi), as were as-sessed under the assessment required by sec-
tion 1111(b)(2). 
(iii) U
SE OF REPORT .—Upon completion of 
the progress report, the Secretary shall pro-vide a response to the findings of the progress report, including a description of how the findings of the report will be used— 
(I) to support participating State edu-
cational agencies through technical assist-ance; and 
(II) to inform the peer review process de-
scribed in subsection (d) for advising the Secretary on the awarding of the demonstra-tion authority to the additional State edu-cational agencies described in subparagraph (D). 
(iv) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE .—The Secretary 
shall make the progress report under this subparagraph and the response described in clause (iii) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
(v) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this subpara-
graph shall be construed to authorize the 
Secretary to require participating States to submit any additional information for the purposes of the progress report beyond what the State has already provided in the annual report described in subsection (c)(2)(I). 
(D) E
XPANSION OF THE DEMONSTRATION AU -
THORITY .—Upon completion and publication 
of the report described in subparagraph (C)(iv), additional State educational agencies or consortia of State educational agencies may apply for the demonstration authority described in this section without regard to the limitations described in subparagraph (B). Such State educational agencies or con-sortia of State educational agencies shall be subject to all of the same requirements of this section. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—Consistent with the 
process described in subsection (d), a State educational agency, or consortium of State educational agencies, that desires to partici-pate in the program of demonstration au-thority under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. Such application shall include a description of the innovative as-sessment system, what experience the appli-cant has in implementing any components of the innovative assessment system, and the timeline over which the State proposes to exercise this authority. In addition, the ap-plication shall include the following: 
(1) A demonstration that the innovative 
assessment system will— 
(A) meet all the requirements of section 
1111(b)(2)(B), except the requirements of clauses (i) and (v) of such section; 
(B) be aligned to the standards under sec-
tion 1111(b)(1) and address the depth and breadth of the challenging State academic standards under such section; 
(C) express student results or student com-
petencies in terms consistent with the State aligned academic achievement standards; 
(D) be able to generate comparable, valid, 
and reliable results for all students and for each subgroup of students described in sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), compared to the results for such students on the State assessments under section 1111(b)(2); 
(E) be developed in collaboration with 
stakeholders representing the interests of children with disabilities, English learners, and other vulnerable children, educators, in-cluding teachers, principals, and other school leaders, local educational agencies, parents, and civil rights organizations in the State; 
(F) be accessible to all students, such as by 
incorporating the principles of universal de-sign for learning; 
(G) provide educators, students, and par-
ents with timely data, disaggregated by each subgroup of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), to inform and improve in-
structional practice and student supports; 
(H) be able to identify which students are 
not making progress toward the State’s aca-demic achievement standards so that edu-cators can provide instructional support and targeted intervention to all students; 
[(I) measure the annual progress of not less 
than the same percentage of all students and students in each of the subgroups of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(c)(2), who are enrolled in each school that is partici-pating in the innovative assessment system and are required to take assessments, as measured under section 1111(c)(4)(B)(vi), as were assessed by schools administering the assessment under section 1111(b)(2);] 
(J) generate an annual, summative 
achievement determination based on annual data for each individual student based on the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) and be able to validly and reliably aggregate data from the innovative assessment system for purposes of account-ability, consistent with the requirements of section 1111(b)(3), and reporting, consistent with the requirements of section 1111(d); and 
(K) continue use of the high-quality state-
wide academic assessments required under section 1111(b)(2) if such assessments will be used for accountability purposes for the du-ration of the demonstration. 
(2) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will— 
(A) identify the distinct purposes for each 
assessment that is part of the innovative as-sessment system; 
(B) provide support and training to local 
educational agency and school staff to im-plement the innovative assessment system described in this subsection; 
(C) inform parents of students in partici-
pating local educational agencies about the innovative assessment system at the begin-ning of each school year during which the in-novative assessment system will be imple-mented; 
(D) engage and support teachers in devel-
oping and scoring assessments that are part of the innovative assessment system, includ-ing through the use of high-quality profes-sional development, standardized and cali-brated scoring rubrics, and other strategies, consistent with relevant nationally recog-nized professional and technical standards, to ensure inter-rater reliability and com-parability; 
(E) acclimate students to the innovative 
assessment system; 
(F) ensure that students with the most sig-
nificant cognitive disabilities may be as-
sessed with alternate assessments consistent with section 1111(b)(2)(D); 
(G) if the State is proposing to administer 
the innovative assessment system initially in a subset of local educational agencies, scale up the innovative assessment system to administer such system statewide or with additional local educational agencies in the State’s proposed period of demonstration au-thority and 2–year extension period, if appli-cable, including the timeline that explains the process for scaling to statewide imple-mentation by either the end of the State’s proposed period of demonstration authority or the 2–year extension period; 
(H) gather data, solicit regular feedback 
from educators and parents, and assess the results of each year of the program of dem-onstration authority under this section, and respond by making needed changes to the in-novative assessment system; and 
(I) report data from the innovative assess-
ment system annually to the Secretary, in-cluding— 
(i) demographics of participating local edu-
cational agencies, if such system is not statewide, and additional local educational 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:42 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.125 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8570 November 30, 2015 
agencies if added to the system during the 
course of the State’s demonstration or 2– year extension period, except that such data shall not reveal any personally identifiable information, including a description of how— 
(I) the inclusion of additional local edu-
cational agencies contributes to progress to-ward achieving high-quality and consistent implementation across demographically di-verse local educational agencies throughout the demonstration period; and 
(II) by the end of the demonstration au-
thority, the participating local educational agencies, as a group, will be demographically similar to the State as a whole; 
(ii) performance of all participating stu-
dents and for each subgroup of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), on the inno-vative assessment, consistent with the re-quirements in section 1111(d), except that such data shall not reveal any personally identifiable information; 
(iv) feedback from teachers, principals, 
other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
(v) if such system is not statewide, a de-
scription of the State’s progress in scaling up the innovative assessment system to ad-ditional local educational agencies during the State’s period of demonstration author-ity, as described in subparagraph (G). 
(3) A Description of the State educational 
agency’s plan to— 
(A) ensure that all students and each of the 
subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), participating in the innovative assessment system— 
(i) are held to the same high standard as 
other students in the State; and 
(ii) receive the instructional support need-
ed to meet challenging State academic standards; 
(B) ensure that each local educational 
agency has the technological infrastructure to implement the innovative assessment sys-tem; and 
(C) hold all participating schools in the 
local educational agencies participating in the program of demonstration authority ac-countable for meeting the State’s expecta-tions for student achievement. 
(4) If the innovative assessment system 
will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies— 
(A) a description of the local educational 
agencies within the State educational agen-cy that will participate, including what cri-teria the State has for approving any addi-tional local educational agencies to partici-pate during the demonstration period; 
(B) assurances from such local educational 
agencies that such agencies will comply with the requirements of this subsection; and 
(C) a description of how the State will— (i) ensure that the inclusion of additional 
local educational agencies contributes to progress toward achieving high-quality and consistent implementation across demo-graphically diverse local educational agen-cies throughout the demonstration author-ity; and 
(ii) ensure that the participating local edu-
cational agencies, as a group, will be demo-graphically similar to the State as a whole by the end of the State’s period of dem-onstration authority. 
(d) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) implement a peer review process to in-
form— 
(A) the awarding of the demonstration au-
thority under this section and the approval to operate the system for the purposes of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1111(b), as described in subsection (h) of this section; and 
(B) determinations about whether the in-
novative assessment system— (i) is comparable to the State assessments 
under section 1111(b)(2)(B)(v)(I), valid, reli-able, of high technical quality, and con-sistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards; and 
(ii) provides an unbiased, rational, and con-
sistent determination of progress toward the goals described under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) for all students; 
(2) ensure that the peer review team is 
comprised of practitioners and experts who are knowledgeable about the innovative as-sessment being proposed for all students, in-cluding— 
(A) individuals with past experience devel-
oping systems of assessment innovation that support all students, including English learners, children with disabilities, and dis-advantaged students; and 
(B) individuals with experience imple-
menting innovative State assessment and ac-countability systems; 
(3) make publicly available the applica-
tions submitted under subsection (c) and the peer review comments and recommendations regarding such applications; 
(4) make a determination and inform the 
State regarding approval or disapproval of the application not later than 90 days after receipt of the complete application; 
(5) offer a State the opportunity to revise 
and resubmit its application within 60 days of a disapproval determination under para-graph (4) to allow the State to submit addi-tional evidence that the State’s application meets the requirements of subjection (c); and 
(6) make a determination regarding appli-
cation approval or disapproval of a resub-mitted application under paragraph (5) not later than 45 days after receipt of the resub-mitted application. 
(e) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may extend 
an authorization of demonstration authority under this section for an additional 2 years if the State educational agency demonstrates with evidence that the State educational agency’s innovative assessment system is continuing to meet the requirements of sub-section (c), including, demonstrating a plan for and the capacity to transition to state-wide use by the end of a 2-year extension pe-riod; and 
(f) U
SE OF INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT SYS-
TEM.—A State may, during its approved dem-
onstration period or 2-year extension period, include results from the innovative assess-ment systems developed under this section in accountability determinations for each student in the participating local edu-cational agencies instead of, or in addition to, those from the assessment system under section 1111(b)(2) if the State demonstrates that the State has met the requirements in subsection (c). The State shall continue to meet all other requirements of section 1111(b)(3). 
(g) A
UTHORITY WITHDRAWN .—The Secretary 
shall withdraw the authorization for dem-onstration authority provided to a State educational agency under this section and any participating local educational agency or the State as a whole shall return to the statewide assessment system under section 1111(b)(2) if, at any point during a State’s ap-proved period of demonstration or 2-year ex-tension period, the State educational agency cannot present to the Secretary evidence that the innovative assessment system de-veloped under this section 
(1) meets requirements of subsection (c); (2) includes all students attending schools 
participating in the demonstration author-ity, including each of the subgroups of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), in the innovative assessment system dem-onstration; 
(3) provides an unbiased, rational, and con-
sistent determination of progress toward the goals described under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) 
for all students, which are comparable to de-terminations under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii) across the State in which the local edu-cational agencies are located; 
(4) presents a high-quality plan to transi-
tion to full statewide use of the innovative assessment system by the end of the State’s approved demonstration period and 2–year extension, if the innovative assessment sys-tem will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies; and 
(5) demonstrates comparability to the 
statewide assessments under section 1111(b)(2) in content coverage, difficulty, and quality. 
(h) T
RANSITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If, after a State’s ap-
proved demonstration and extension period, the State educational agency has met all the requirements of this section, including hav-ing scaled the system up to statewide use, and demonstrated that such system is of high quality, the State shall be permitted to operate the innovative assessment system approved under the program of demonstra-tion authority under this section for the pur-poses of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1111(b). Such system shall be deemed of high quality if the Secretary, through the peer re-view process described in subsection (d), de-termines that— 
(A) the system has met all of the require-
ments of this section; 
(B) the State has the examined the effects 
of the system onother measures of student success, including indicators in the account-ability system under 1111(c); 
(C) provided coherent and timely informa-
tion about student attainment of the State’s challenging academic standards, including objective measurement of academic achieve-ment, knowledge, and skills that are valid, reliable, and consistent with relevant, na-tionally-recognized professional and tech-nical standards; 
(D) solicited feedback from teachers, prin-
cipals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
(E) demonstrated that the same system of 
assessments was used to measure the achievement of all students, [and not less than the percentage of such students overall and in each of the subgroups of students, as defined in section 1111(c)(2), were assessed under the innovative assessment system, as measured under section 1111(c)(4)(B)(vi), as were assessed under the assessment required by section 1111(b)(2).] 
(2) B
ASELINE .—For the purposes of the 
evaluation described in paragraph (1), the baseline year shall be considered the first year of implementation of the innovative as-sessment system for each local educational agency. 
(3) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—If, at the conclu-
sion of the State’s approved demonstration and extension period, the State has met all of the requirements of this section, except transition to full statewide use for States that will initially administer an innovative assessment system in a subset of local edu-cational agencies, and continues to comply with the other requirements of this section, and demonstrates a high-quality plan for transition to statewide use in a reasonable period of time, the State may request, and the Secretary shall review such request, a delay of the withdrawal of authority under subsection (g) for the purpose of providing the State time necessary to implement the innovative assessment system statewide. 
(i) A
VAILABLE FUNDS .—A State may use 
funds available under section 1201 to carry out this section. 
(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A consortium 
of States may apply to participate in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:42 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.126 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8571 November 30, 2015 
program of demonstration authority under 
this section and the Secretary may provide each State member of such consortium with such authority if each such State member meets all of the requirements of this section. Such consortium shall be subject to the limi-tation described in subsection (b)(3)(B) dur-ing the initial 3 years of the demonstration authority. 
(k) D
ISSEMINATION OF BESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Following the publication 
of the progress report described in subsection (b)(3)(C), the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall collect and disseminate the best practices on the development and imple-mentation of innovative assessment systems that meet the requirements of this section, including— 
(A) the development of summative assess-
ments that meet the requirements of section 1111(b)(2)(B), are comparable with statewide assessments, and include assessment tasks that determine proficiency or mastery of State-approved competencies aligned to challenging academic standards; 
(B) the development of effective supports 
for local educational agencies and school staff to implement innovative assessment systems; 
(C) the development of effective engage-
ment and support of teachers in developing and scoring assessments and the use of high- quality professional development; 
(D) the development of effective supports 
for all students, particularly each of the sub-groups of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), participating in the innovative assessment systems; and 
(E) the development of standardized and 
calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strate-gies, to ensure inter-rater reliability and comparability of determinations of mastery or proficiency across local educational agen-cies and the State. 
(2) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
make the information described in para-graph (1) available to the public on the website of the Department and shall publish an update to the information not less often than once every 3 years.’. 
TITLE I, PART C—MIGRATORY CHILDREN 
1. The House amendment redesignates 
Title I, part C as subpart 2 of part A of title I. 
HR 1a. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, rewords the lead-in and makes conforming edits. 
SR 2. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, amends the program purposes by stating that States should support high- quality programs and services during and outside the school year that address the unique needs of migratory children. The Sen-ate bill refers to supporting high quality and comprehensive programs that reduce disrup-tions as a result of repeated moves. 
SR 3. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging’’ 
State academic standards. 
HR 4. The House amendment but not the Sen-
ate bill strikes paragraph (3) of current law. 
SR 5. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language ensuring migratory children reach the same academic standards, except the Senate bill refers to ‘‘chal-lenging’’ standards. 
HR 5a. The House amendment states that mi-
gratory children should graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education and the workforce, while the Senate bill does not. HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘to’’ at the 
beginning. 
6. The House amendment and Senate bill 
contain similar language regarding over-coming barriers to migratory children’s suc-cess. The Senate bill states that such bar-riers should be overcome so that children can ‘‘without the need for postsecondary re-mediation.’’ 
SR 7. The House amendment and Senate bill 
use similar but not identical language for systemic reforms. 
SR 8. The House amendment includes a res-
ervation of 2.45 percent of funds under (3)(a)(1) for the Secretary to carry out this subpart. The Senate bill includes a separate authorization level for this program in sec-tion 1002(c). 
HR 9. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical, though the provision is in a slightly different place given the House res-ervation. 
LC 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, maintains a base amount that each State will receive, based on fiscal year 2002. The House amendment modifies this ‘‘hold harmless’’ language. See note 11. 
SR 11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, modifies the ‘‘hold harmless’’ lan-guage for distributing funds to the States to ensure that, for fiscal years 2016–2018, no State will receive less than 90 percent of the State’s allocation during the previous fiscal year. 
SR 
12. The Senate bill allocates funding to 
States that did not receive funds in fiscal year 2002 based on the amount they would have received in 2002 plus an additional amount. The House amendment allocates funding to States who did not receive fund-ing in the previous year or that have been participating in the program for less than three consecutive previous years based on the most recent available data of the number of migratory children in the State. Note the House amendment provision is moved to match the Senate bill structure. 
SR 13. The House amendment modifies the for-
mula by basing a State’s child count on the average number of identified eligible full- time children, aged 3 through 21, residing in the state, based on data for the preceding 3 years and goes into effect for all State allo-cations. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘full-time 
equivalent’’. 
14. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both set the minimum allocation amounts for Puerto Rico, including setting a min-imum percentage that the average per-pupil expenditure (PPE) in Puerto Rico is of the lowest average PPE of any State at 85 per-cent. 
SR 14a. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes paragraph (3). 
HR 15. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include nearly identical language, except that the Senate bill refers to making funds available for direct services to add to the ‘‘academic’’ achievement of children, while the House amendment refers to ‘‘edu-cational’’ achievement. 
HR 16. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include similar language requiring the Secretary to determine the ‘‘identified num-ber’’ of migratory children residing in each State. 
LC 17. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to use information that the Secretary finds is most accurate in order to determine the number of eligible migratory children. The House amendment requires the Secretary to use the most recent information available. 
SR 18. The Senate bill does not contain this 
provision. 
SR 19. The Senate bill does not contain this 
provision. 
SR 20. The Senate bill does not contain this 
provision. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘full-time 
equivalent’’ in paragraph (4). 
21. The Senate bill does not contain this 
provision. 
SR 22. The Senate bill does not contain this 
provision. 
SR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to describe how the unique needs of ‘out-of-school’ migratory children are identified and addressed. 
SR with an amendment to add ‘‘and migra-
tory children who have dropped out of school’’ after ‘‘preschool migratory children’’ 
24. The Senate bill and House amendment 
change internal cross-references to match bill structure. 
LC 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to describe ‘‘measurable program objectives and out-comes’’. 
HR 26. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging’’ 
State academic standards. 
HR 27. The House amendment makes technical 
edits to a cross-reference to reflect bill structure. 
LC 28. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except for varying section cross-references. 
LC 29. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment make changes to cross-references to re-flect different bill structures. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘1120A, 
and part C’’ and insert 1118, and part E’’ 
30. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment require consultation with ‘‘parents of migratory children.’’ The Senate bill speci-fies that parent advisory councils are to be included in such consultation. 
HR 31. The Senate bill makes technical con-
forming edits to a cross-reference. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘1115’’ and 
insert ‘‘1116’’ 
32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that programs and projects shall address the unmet needs of ‘out-of-school’ migratory children. 
SR with an amendment to add ‘‘and migra-
tory children who have dropped out of school’’ after ‘‘preschool migratory children’’ 
33. The House amendment makes technical 
edits to an internal cross-reference. 
LC 34. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, eliminates ‘‘to the extent fea-sible’’. 
HR with an amendment to renumber para-
graph (7) as paragraph (8) and strike para-graph (6) and insert the following: 
(6) such programs and projects will provide 
for outreach activities for migratory chil-dren and their families to inform such chil-dren and families of other education, health, nutrition, and social services to help connect them to such services.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.127 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8572 November 30, 2015 
(7) to the extent feasible, such programs 
and projects will provide for— 
(A) advocacy and other outreach activities 
for migratory children and their families, in-cluding helping such children and families gain access to other education, health, nutri-tion, and social services. 
(B) professional development programs, in-
cluding mentoring, for teachers and other program personnel; 
(C) evidence-based family literacy pro-
grams 
(D) the integration of information tech-
nology into educational and related pro-grams; and 
(E) programs to facilitate the transition of 
secondary school students to postsecondary education or employment without the need for [remediation]; and 
35. The Senate bill and House amendment 
require family literacy programs to be ‘‘evi-dence Based’’. The House amendment re-quires family literacy programs to also of be ‘‘high-quality’’. 
HR 36. The Senate bill requires programs to fa-
cilitate transitions without the ‘‘need for postsecondary remediation,’’ but the House amendment does not include ‘‘postsec-ondary’’. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘without 
the need for remediation’’ 
37. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment change cross-references. 
LC 38. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires recipients of funds to prioritize services for children who have made a qualifying move within the previous year. 
HR 39. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging 
State academic standards.’’ The House amendment does not include ‘‘challenging’’. 
HR 40. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires funds to prioritize serv-ices for children who have dropped out of school. 
HR 41. The House amendment changes an in-
ternal cross-reference to reflect bill changes. 
LC 42. The Senate bill repeals the reference to 
‘‘secondary school’’ students. 
HR 43. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill have a different structure in this section. 
SR 44. The Senate bill allows the Secretary, to 
the extent practicable, to review applica-tions through a peer review process with the assistance and advice of State officials and those with relevant expertise. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘using a 
peer review process’’ and inserting at the end ‘‘with the assistance and advice of State offi-cials and other officials with relevant exper-tise’’. 
45. The House amendment makes a tech-
nical conforming edit to a cross-reference. 
LC 46. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging 
State academic standards’’, and the House amendment does not use ‘‘challenging’’. 
HR 47. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment make technical edits to cross-ref-erences. 
LC 48. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 49. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 50. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. LC 
51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a special rule that re-quires schools that receive funds to continue to address the unidentified needs of migra-tory children, and to meet the unique needs of migratory children before using funds under this part for schoolwide programs. 
HR 52. The Senate bill changes internal cross- 
references. 
LC 53. The House amendment changes a cross- 
reference to reflect the structure change of the bill. 
LC 54. The House amendment allows funding 
to flow to ‘‘public and private entities’’, while the Senate bill refers to ‘‘public and private nonprofit entities.’’ 
SR 
55. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to assist States in the electronic transfer of student records and determining the number of eligible migratory children. The House amendment requires the Secretary to assist States in ‘‘developing and maintaining’’ an effective system regarding records and deter-mining the number of eligible children. 
HR 56. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to maintain a record system. The House amendment requires the Secretary to ensure the linkage of migratory student record sys-tems among the States. 
SR 57. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the Secretary to ensure that the linkage of migratory student record systems occurs in a cost-effective manner. 
SR 58. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, authorizes the Secretary to deter-mine the minimum data elements that each State must collect and maintain. 
HR 59. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘such informa-
tion’’ but the House amendment refers to ‘‘such minimum data elements’’. 
HR 60. The House amendment changes an in-
ternal cross-reference to assessments. 
LC 61. The Senate bill removes ‘‘required’’. HR 62. The Senate bill requires that the Sec-
retary maintain ‘‘ongoing consultation’’ with States, local educational agencies and migratory student service providers, on de-termining the effectiveness of, and to im-prove the system. The House amendment re-quires the Secretary to consult with States before updating data elements included in such system. 
HR 63. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to pro-vide public notice and comment on any new proposed data elements that States will be required to collect. 
HR 64. The House amendment changes an in-
ternal cross-reference. 
LC 65. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the Secretary to report to Congress regarding the maintenance and transfer of health and educational informa-tion for migratory children. 
HR 66. The House amendment changes an in-
ternal cross-reference. 
LC 67. The Senate bill, but not the House 
Amendment, authorizes the Secretary to re-serve up to $3,000,000 to award incentive grants to State educational agencies that propose a consortium agreement to improve delivery of services to migratory children. HR 
68. The House amendment edits an internal 
cross-reference. 
LC 69. The Senate bill defines the term ‘‘mi-
gratory agricultural worker’’. The House amendment does not define this term. 
HR 70. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes modifications to the def-inition of ‘‘migratory child’’ to add ref-erences to a qualifying move and refer to the definitions of agricultural worker or migra-tory fisher. The House amendment refers to the manner in which the child has moved in this definition, while the Senate bill refers to these criteria in the definition of ‘‘quali-fying move’’. See note 72. 
HR 71. The Senate bill defines the term ‘‘mi-
gratory fisher’’. The House amendment does not define this term. 
HR 72. The Senate bill defines the term ‘‘quali-
fying move’’. The House amendment does not define this term but refers to similar in-stances in the definition of ‘‘migratory child.’’ See note 70. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘to engage in 
a’’ through ‘‘by the Secretary.’’ and insert ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (i). 
TITLE I, PART D—NEGLECTED AND 
DELINQUENT CHILDREN 
1. The House amendment, not the Senate 
bill, redesignates Part D of Title I as subpart 3 of part A of Title I. 
HR 2. The Senate bill, not the House amend-
ment, modifies the purpose to include im-
proved education services for students in ‘‘tribal’’ institutions. 
HR 3. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging 
State academic standards’’ and the House amendment removes ‘‘challenging’’. 
HR 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the involvement of families and communities to prevent youth from dropping out of school. 
HR 5. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a reservation of 0.31 of one percent from funds under section 3(a)(1) of this subpart. The Senate bill includes a spec-ified authorization of appropriations under section 1002(d). 
HR 6. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a new ‘‘Grants Awarded’’ paragraph heading and specifies that grants are awarded from funds subsection (b) and not reserved under section 1004 and section 1159. The House amendment, but not the Sen-ate bill, adds a qualifying phrase ‘‘that have plans submitted under section 1154 ap-proved’’ when referencing grants to State educational agencies. 
HR 7. The House amendment makes several 
technical conforming edits to cross-ref-erences. 
LC 8. The House amendment makes several 
technical conforming edits to cross-ref-erences. 
LC 9. The House amendment makes several 
technical conforming edits to cross-ref-erences. 
LC 10. The House amendment makes several 
technical conforming edits to cross-ref-erences. 
LC 11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, eliminates the limitation on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.128 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8573 November 30, 2015 
minimum percentage for Puerto Rico if any 
State would receive less than it received in the preceding fiscal year. 
HR 12. The House amendment makes technical 
conforming edits to cross-references. 
LC 13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies language related to as-sisting the transition of children and youth ‘‘between’’ correctional facilities and locally operated programs. 
HR 14. The Senate bill requires States to de-
scribe program objectives and outcomes that will be assessed to determine program effec-tiveness. The House amendment requires States to describe how they will assess the effectiveness of programs. 
HR 15. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a provision related to prioritizing a regular high school diploma. 
SR 16. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes this provision related to evaluation. 
HR 17. The House amendment makes technical 
conforming edits to cross-references. 
LC 18. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision related to ensuring the prompt re-enrollment of stu-dents in juvenile justice system in clause (i), and opportunities for such students to par-ticipate in higher education or career path-ways. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘prompt’’ 
and insert’’ timely and strike ‘‘higher edu-cation or career pathways’’ and insert ‘‘credit bearing coursework while in secondary school, postsecondary education, or career and technical education programming.’’ 
19. The House amendment makes technical 
conforming edits to cross-references. 
LC 20. The House amendment makes technical 
conforming edits to a cross-reference. 
LC 21. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies this provision to add ‘‘and respond to’’. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘supplement 
and improve’’ and insert ‘‘respond to the edu-cational needs of the children, including by supplementing and improving’’ 
21a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides for the assessment when the student enters the correctional fa-cility. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘an’’ and 
insert ‘‘such’’ 
22. The House amendment makes technical 
conforming edits to a cross-reference. 
LC 23. The House amendment makes technical 
conforming edits to a cross-reference. 
LC 24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision related to evaluation under section 9601. 
LC 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to include data showing the State agency has maintained the fiscal effort required of a local edu-cational agency under section 9521. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘9521’’ 
and insert ‘‘[6521]’’ 
26. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, updates references to WIOA. 
HR 27. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slightly different language. 
SR 27a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies the description to en-sure transition plans are in place for incar-
cerated youth. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and, to 
the extent practicable, to ensure that transi-tion plans are in place’’ and insert ‘‘in order to facilitate the transition of such children and youth between the correctional facility and the local educational agency or alter-native education program’’ 
28. The House amendment makes technical 
conforming edits to a cross-reference. 
LC 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies the provision to focus on transitions between facilities for ne-glected or delinquent children and locally operated programs. The House amendment focuses on transitions from facilities for ne-glected or delinquent children to locally op-erated programs. 
HR 30. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, but the House amendment uses the term ‘’’regular’’ high school diploma. 
SR 31. The Senate bill requires certified or li-
censed teachers to work with children and youth with disabilities and other students with special needs. The House amendment requires effective teachers. 
HR 32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision related to identifying and improving practices for youth who have been in contact with the child welfare and juvenile justice systems and has a provision to implement strategies to reduce expulsions and suspensions. 
HR with an amendment to strike para-
graph (20) and insert the following: 
(20) describe how the State agency will, to 
the extent feasible, note when a youth has come into contact with both the child wel-fare and juvenile justice systems and deliver evidence-based services and interventions de-signed to keep such youth in school. 
33. The House amendment updates a cross- 
reference. 
LC 34. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment contain similar modifications relating to the transition of participants without the need for remediation and referring to career and technical education, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘without the need for remedi-ation’’ after ‘‘make a successful transition.’’ 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘without 
the need for remediation’’ 
35. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment allow for the acquisition of equipment, but the bills are structured differently. 
LC 36. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains language allowing for pay for success initiatives. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘that 
produce’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Fed-eral Government’’ 
37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains language allowing for targeted services for youth that have come into contact with welfare and juvenile jus-tice systems. 
HR 38. The Senate bill includes the word ‘chal-
lenging’ as it relates to State academic standards. 
HR 
39. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different cross-references to institu-tion-wide projects. 
LC 40. The Senate bill includes the word 
‘‘challenging’’ as it relates to State aca-demic standards. 
HR 41. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different cross-references to fiscal requirements in Title I. SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘1120A 
and part C’’ and insert ‘‘1118 and part E’’ 
42. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different cross-references to supple-ment-not-supplant requirements in Title I. 
LC 43. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 44. The Senate bill includes the word 
‘‘challenging’’ as it relates to State aca-demic standards. 
HR 45. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, refers to attaining a ‘‘regular’’ high school diploma in the description, the Sen-ate bill references a ‘‘high school diploma’’. 
SR 46. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes ‘complete secondary school’ from the description. 
HR with an amendment to add ‘‘regular’’ 
before ‘‘high school’’ 
47. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable, the development and implementa-tion of transition plans’’ in the description. 
SR with amendment to insert ‘‘specialized 
instructional support’’ before ‘‘services, and procedures’’ and to insert before the semi-colon ‘‘and how relevant and appropriate academic records and plans regarding the continuation of educational services for such children or youth are shared jointly between the State agency operating the institution or program and local educational agency in order to facilitate the transition of such chil-dren and youth between the local edu-cational agency and the State agency; 
48. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 49. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 50. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, refers to transitioning children and youth ‘‘between’’ institutions and schools. 
HR 51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes institutions and schools operated by the Secretary of the In-terior and schools funded by the BIE. 
HR 52. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, refers to a ‘‘regular’’ high school di-ploma. 
SR 53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘without the need for re-mediation’’ when describing the successful reentry of students. 
SR 
54. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, allows for projects to be conducted with private for-profit organizations. 
HR 55. The House amendment and Senate bill 
provide for different section titles. 
LC 56. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows the Secretary to support capacity building. 
HR 57. The Senate bill allows the Secretary to 
reserve not more than 2.5 percent for tech-nical assistance and capacity building. The House amendment allows for not more than 1 percent. 
HR 58. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes internal cross-reference up-dates. 
LC 59. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.118 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8574 November 30, 2015 
60. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘without the need for remediation’’ when referring to secondary school completion. 
SR 61. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes programs in schools operated by the BIE. 
HR 62. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 63. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows transitional and sup-portive programs to focus on nonacademic needs. 
SR 65. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. LC 66. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 67. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 68. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes facilities operated by the Secretary of the Interior and tribes. 
HR 69. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a description of services that participating schools will provide youth returning from correctional facilities. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘to facili-
tate the successful transition’’ before ‘‘for children and youth returning’’. 
70. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a description of activi-ties that LEAs will carry out to successfully transition children and youth into schools served by LEAs or into CTE programs. 
SR with amendment in paragraph (4) to 
strike ‘‘for’’ and insert ‘‘to facilitate the suc-cessful transition of’’ after participating schools; and in paragraph (7) to insert ‘‘insti-tutions of higher education’’ after ‘‘partner-ships with’’ and strike ‘‘ develop training, curriculum-based youth entrepreneurship education’’ and insert ‘‘facilitate postsec-ondary and workforce success for children and youth returning from correctional facili-ties, such as participation in credit bearing coursework while in secondary school, en-rollment in postsecondary education, partici-pation in career and technical education pro-gramming’’ after ‘‘businesses to’’ 
71. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘family members’’ in the description. 
HR 72. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, updates references to WIOA. 
HR 73. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes this provision related to working with probation officers. 
SR 74. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision related to addressing the educational needs of chil-dren and youth returning from institutions for neglected and delinquent children or from correctional institutions. 
SR 75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description of the ef-forts of LEAs instead of participating schools. 
SR 76. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, refers to ‘‘traditional’’ instead of ‘‘regular’’ public school program. 
SR 77. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a subsection header and up-date to an internal cross-reference. LC 
78. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. HR 79. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision to allow for programs to serve at-risk Indian children and youth. 
HR 80. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision to allow for pay for success initiatives. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘that 
produce’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Fed-eral Government.’’ 
81. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a provision related to con-tracts and grants for activities under this section. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘grant’’ 
and insert ‘‘subgrant’’ and to strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert ‘‘(7)’’ 
82. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 83. The Senate bill refers to obtaining a 
high school diploma, and the House amend-ment refers to obtaining a ‘‘regular’’ high school diploma. 
SR with an amendment to replace ‘‘obtain’’ 
with ‘‘attain’’ 
84. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes language related to seeking a regular high school diploma or its recog-nized equivalent. 
SR 85. The Senate bill includes the word 
‘‘challenging’’ as it relates to State aca-demic standards. 
HR 
86. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, updates references to WIOA. 
HR 87. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a provision related to developing transition plans. 
HR with an amendment to strike the Sen-
ate language and insert: 
(12) upon the child’s or youth’s entry into 
the correctional facility, work with the child’s or youth’s family members and the local educational agency that most recently provided services to the child or youth (if ap-plicable) to ensure the that relevant and ap-propriate academic records and plans regard-ing the continuation of educational services for such child or youth are shared jointly be-tween the correctional facility and local edu-cational agency in order to facilitate the transition of such children and youth be-tween the local educational agency and the correctional facility; and 
88. The House amendment reorders the 
paragraphs in this section. 
HR 89. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, refers to obtaining a ‘‘regular’’ high school diploma. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘obtain-
ing’’ and insert ‘‘attaining’’ in all places in the paragraph 
90. The Senate bill refers to reducing or 
terminating funding based on dropout rates of male or female students over a 3-year pe-riod. The House amendment refers to reduc-ing or terminating funding based on students obtaining a regular high school diploma. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘obtain-
ing’’ and insert ‘‘attaining’’ 
91. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, changes internal cross-references. 
LC 91a. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a reference to pro-tecting privacy 
SR 92. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies this provision to en-sure graduation from high school in the standard number of years. HR with amendment to strike ‘‘standard’’ 
and insert ‘‘in the number of years estab-lished by the State under either the four-year adjusted cohort graduation rate or the ex-tended year adjusted cohort graduation rate, if applicable’’ 
93. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies this provision to in-clude schools funded by the BIE. 
HR 94. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references. 
LC 95. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes structural changes to this provision. 
HR 96. The Senate bill adds language con-
cerning ‘‘other life conditions that make the individual at high risk for dependence or de-linquency adjudication as it relates to at- risk students’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘de-
pendency adjudication, or delinquency adju-dication’’ after ‘‘failure’’ and insert ‘‘or child welfare system’’ after ‘‘juvenile justice sys-tem’’ 
TITLE I, PART E—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. The Senate bill strikes parts E through 
H of Title I while the House amendment re-designates part E as part B to reflect strik-ing of parts B through D and F through H earlier in the amendment, redesignates sec-tions accordingly, and makes amendments to those sections. 
HR 2. The Senate bill moves part I of Title I to 
Part E. The House amendment moves Part I 
of Title I to Part C. 
HR 3. The House amendment includes different 
designations and repeals sections 1904 and 1905. 
HR/LC 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘other school leaders (in-cluding charter school leaders)’’ and ‘‘para-professionals’’ to the list of individuals that must be consulted before publishing regula-tions. 
HR 5. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘representatives and members nominated by local and national stakeholder representatives’’ to the list of individuals that must be consulted before publishing regulations. 
HR 6. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain similar language requiring in-formation from regional meetings and elec-tronic exchanges to be made public to inter-ested parties in an easily accessible manner. The House amendment also requires notice of regional meetings to be made public 
SR 7. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, specifies for what topics under Title I a negotiated rulemaking process must be established. The House amendment in-cludes all items related to Title I. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘stand-
ards, ’ and all that follows and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘standards, assessments under subsection 
(b) of section 1111, and the requirement that funds be supplemented and not supplanted under section [1120];’’ 
8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision describing that a negotiated rulemaking process is not subject to FACA and should follow the provi-sions of the Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990. 
HR 9. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a separate paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.119 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8575 November 30, 2015 
to describe the regulations process in an 
emergency situation. The House amendment does include a process for emergency regula-tions. See note 23. 
SR. 10. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain similar language describing how to designate emergency regulations. See note 24. 
SR 11. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain similar language requiring the dura-tion of the comment and review period in an emergency situation to be public. See note 25. 
SR 12. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision requir-ing regional meetings before regulation pub-lication in an emergency situation. See note 25. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘imme-
diately thereafter’’ before ‘‘conduct’’. 
13. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment redesignate subsection (c) as sub-section (d). Note: House language, which is identical to the Senate bill, below in note 32. 
LC 14. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment include similar language to provide for an alternative rulemaking process if there is failure to reach consensus, or if the Sec-retary determines a negotiated rulemaking process is unnecessary. 
HR 15. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain similar language requiring no-tice of proposed rulemaking to committees of jurisdiction. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, also requires notice of proposed rulemaking to other relevant con-gressional committees. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘30’’ and 
insert ‘‘15 business’’ 
16. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar in requiring ‘‘a copy of the pro-posed regulations’’ (House amendment) or ‘‘regulation to be proposed (Senate bill). 
SR 17. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar in requiring a justification for regulations, but use different language. 
SR 18. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include virtually identical provisions on an-ticipated burden information, except the House amendment refers to ‘‘will have’’ and the Senate bill refers to ‘‘will impose’’. 
HR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires information on the an-ticipated benefits of the regulation. 
HR 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language allowing the relevant congressional committees an oppor-tunity to comment on the information in this paragraph. 
SR 21. The Senate bill requires a 15-day com-
ment period for Congress, and the House amendment requires a 30-day period. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(2) C
OMMENT PERIOD FOR CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary shall— 
(A) provide Congress with a 15-business day 
comment period to make comments on the proposed rule; and 
(B) include and seek to address all com-
ments submitted by Congress in the public rulemaking record. 
22. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the Secretary to publish how all Congressional comments have been addressed. 
See note 21. 23. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment require a 90-day public comment and review period, unless an emergency occurs. 
The Senate bill includes similar procedures for emergency regulations. See notes 9–11. 
SR with an amendment to read as follows: 
(3) C
OMMENT AND REVIEW PERIOD AND EMER -
GENCY SITUATIONS .—The comment and review 
period for any proposed regulation shall be at least 60 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case the Secretary shall— 
24. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain similar language describing how to designate emergency regulations. See note 10. 
SR 25. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain similar language requiring the dura-tion of the comment and review period in an emergency situation to be public. See note 11. 
SR 26. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language requiring an assess-ment of the proposed regulation before being made final. The House amendment requires this assessment be independent. 
HR/SR to strike 27. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment include similar language to require the assessment include a representative sam-pling of LEAs impacted by the regulation. 
HR/SR to strike 28. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment include similar language to assess the burden of the regulations. 
HR/SR to strike 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the assessment to ad-dress the benefits of the regulation. 
HR/SR to strike. 30. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment require the assessment to address whether the rule is financially and oper-ationally viable. The House amendment also requires an analysis of whether the rule is educationally viable. Note subparagraphs (B) and (C) of the House amendment were reor-dered to conform with the Senate bill. 
HR/SR to strike 31. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include similar language on an expla-nation, but include different references. 
HR/SR to strike 32. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include this language. See note 13 for redesignation of this subsection in the Sen-ate bill. 
LC 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, states that nothing in section 1501 shall affect the Administrative Proce-dure Act or the Congressional Review Act. 
HR 34. Both the Senate bill and the House 
amendment change internal cross-references, although they are different to reflect dif-ferent bill structures. 
LC 35. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment make similar modifications relating to how regulations must conform to agree-ments from negotiated rulemaking, or to an alternative process when negotiated rule-making is not pursued, except the bills are structured differently. 
SR 36. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a provision requiring States to identify any duplicative or con-trasting requirements between State and federal rules or regulations. 
SR 37. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a provision relating to eliminating rules. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘State’’ 
after ‘‘eliminate the’’ 
38. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a provision relating to re-porting conflicting requirements. HR 
39. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical, but inconsistency in the Sen-ate bill with how standards are referred to. The Senate bill always refers to ‘‘chal-lenging State academic standards.’’ 
SR an amendment to insert ‘‘challenging’’ 
before ‘‘State academic standards’’ 
40. The Senate bill deletes references to 
‘‘vocational’ educators’’ and the House amendment updates references to ’’career and technical’’ educators. 
SR 41. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes teachers from public char-ter and traditional public schools. 
SR with an amendment to strike (C) and 
(D) and insert the following: 
(C) teachers from traditional public 
schools, public charter schools (in a state with a charter school law), and career and technical educators; 
(D) principals and other school leaders; 
42. The House amendment redesignates 
subparagraph F as subparagraph (H). 
LC 43. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical. 
HR/SR with an amendment to ‘‘and para-
professionals’’ after ‘‘personnel’’ 
44. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, references ‘‘representatives of charter schools, as appropriate.’’ 
SR 45. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, references ‘‘representatives of public charter school authorizers.’’ 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, in a 
State that has a charter school law’’ after ‘‘authorizes’’ 
46. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes paraprofessionals. 
SR 47. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes public charter school lead-ers. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, in a 
State that has a charter school law’’ after ‘‘leaders’’ 
48. The Senate bill updates the section 
number. The House amendment repeals this provision. 
HR 49. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment redesignate this section, but the lan-guage in the Senate bill and House amend-ment are identical. 
LC 50. The House amendment includes a rule 
of construction related to collective bar-gaining in Title I. The Senate bill does not contain this provision in this part of Title I. 
HR 51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a report on subgroup sample size. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike and in-
sert the following into Miscellaneous and Other Laws after Sec. 10310 as a new section: 
SEC. [10XXX]. REPORT ON SUBGROUP SAMPLE 
SIZE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Institute of Education Sciences shall publish a report on best practices for determining valid, reliable, and statistically significant minimum numbers of students for each of the subgroups of students, as de-fined in section 1111(c)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (as amended by this Act), for the purposes of in-clusion as subgroups of students in an ac-countability system described in section 1111(b)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (as amended by this Act) and how such minimum number that is determined will not reveal personally identi-fiable information about students. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.120 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8576 November 30, 2015 
(b) P UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall work with the Department of Education’s ex-isting technical assistance providers and dis-semination networks to ensure that the re-port described under subsection (a) is widely disseminated—(1) to the public, State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, and schools; and (2) through electronic transfer and other means, such as posting the report on the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or in another relevant place. 
(c) The Director may include best practices 
on calculating and determining the min-imum numbers of students for each of the subgroups of students, but shall not rec-ommend any specific minimum number for such subgroups. 
52. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a report on the imple-mentation of the educational stability for foster care children provisions in Title I. 
SR to strike. 53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, establishes a student privacy policy committee. 
SR 54. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a report on student home access to digital learning resources. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike and in-
sert the following into Miscellaneous and Other Laws after Sec. 10310 as a new section: 
SEC. [10XXX]. REPORT ON STUDENT HOME AC-
CESS TO DIGITAL LEARNING RE-SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall complete a study on the edu-cational impact of access to digital learning resources outside of the classroom.— 
(b) C
ONTENTS —Such study shall include— 
(1) an analysis of student habits related to 
digital learning resources outside of the classroom, including the location and types of devices and technologies that students use for educational purposes; 
(2) an identification of the barriers stu-
dents face in accessing digital learning re-sources outside of the classroom; 
(3) a description of the challenges students 
who lack home Internet access face, includ-ing 
(A) challenges related to student participa-
tion and engagement in the classroom, and 
(B) homework completion. (4) an analysis of how the barriers and 
challenges such students face impacts the in-structional practice of educators. and 
(5) a description of the ways in which State 
educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, and other entities, including through partnerships, have developed effec-tive means to address the barriers and chal-lenges students face in accessing digital learning resources outside of the classroom. 
(b) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study under this section— 
(1) in a timely fashion to the public and 
the Committee on Education and the Work-force of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate 
(2) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting, as available, to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences, or the Department of Education; and 
TITLE II—TEACHERS 1. 
1. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different structures. 
LC 2. The House amendment makes technical 
and conforming changes at end of Title II. LC 
3. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, moves provisions related to teacher liability protection to Title IX. 
HR 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes technical changes to paragraph (3) within teacher liability. 
HR 5. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, moves provisions related to internet safety from Title II to Title IX. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘funds 
under this part’’ and insert ‘‘funds under this Act’’ and to move to Title IV, Part A 
6. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, repeals the Teacher Quality Part-nerships program in the Higher Education Act. 
HR 7. Senate bill and House amendment have 
different title headings for Title II. 
HR 8. Senate bill and House amendment have 
different titles for part A. 
SR 
9. Senate bill and House amendment have 
different purpose sections and purposes. 
SR with an amendment to strike para-
graphs (2) through (4) and insert the fol-lowing: 
(2) improving the quality and effectiveness 
of teachers, principals, and other school leaders; 
(3) increasing the number of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders who are ef-fective in improving student academic achievement in schools; and 
(4) providing low-income and minority stu-
dents greater access to effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes definitions for part A. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, as de-
termined by the State or local educational agency’’ after ‘‘effective teacher’’ and insert at the end the following: 
(4) T
EACHER , PRINCIPAL OR OTHER SCHOOL  
LEADER PREPARATION ACADEMY .—The term 
‘teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation academy’ means a public or other nonprofit entity, which may be an in-stitution of higher education or an organiza-tion affiliated with an institution of higher education, that will prepare teachers, prin-cipals, or other school leaders to serve in high-needs schools, and that— 
(A) enters into an agreement with a State 
authorizer that specifies the goals expected of the academy, including— 
(i) a requirement that prospective teach-
ers, principals, or other school leaders who are enrolled in a teacher, principal or other school leader preparation academy receive a significant part of their training through clinical preparation that partners the pro-spective candidate with an effective teacher, principal, or other school leader as deter-mined by the State, respectively, with a demonstrated record of increasing student academic achievement, including for the subgroups of students described in section 1111(c)(1), while also receiving concurrent in-struction from the academy in the content area (or areas) in which the prospective teacher, principal, or other school leader will become certified or licensed that links to the clinical preparation experience; 
(ii) the number of effective teachers, prin-
cipals, or other school leaders, respectively, who will demonstrate success in increasing student academic achievement that the academy will prepare; and 
(iii) a requirement that a teacher prepara-
tion academy will only award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with an institution of higher education) after the graduate demonstrates that the graduate is an effective teacher, as 
determined by the State, with a dem-onstrated record of increasing student aca-demic achievement either as a student teacher or teacher-of-record on an alter-native certificate, license, or credential; 
(iv) a requirement that a principal or other 
school leader preparation academy will only award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an in-stitution of higher education) after the grad-uate demonstrates a track record of success in improving student performance; and 
(v) timelines for producing cohorts of grad-
uates and conferring certificates of comple-tion (or degrees, if the academy is, or is af-filiated with, an institution of higher edu-cation) from the academy. 
(B) does not have unnecessary restrictions 
on the methods the academy will use to train prospective teacher or school leader candidates, including— 
(i) obligating (or prohibiting) the acad-
emy’s faculty to hold advanced degrees or conduct academic research; 
(ii) restrictions related to the academy’s 
physical infrastructure; 
(iii) restrictions related to the number of 
course credits required as part of the pro-gram of study; 
(iv) restrictions related to the under-
graduate coursework completed by teachers teaching or working on alternative certifi-cates, licenses, or credentials, as long as such teachers have successfully passed all relevant State-approved content area exami-nations; or 
(v) restrictions related to obtaining ac-
creditation from an accrediting body for pur-poses of becoming an academy; 
(C) limits admission to its program to pro-
spective teacher, principal, or other school leader candidates who demonstrate strong potential to improve student academic achievement, based on a rigorous selection process that reviews a candidate’s prior aca-demic achievement or record of professional accomplishment; and 
(D) results in a certificate of completion or 
degree that the State may, after reviewing the academy’s results in producing effective teachers, or principals, or other school lead-ers respectively (as determined by the State) recognize as at least the equivalent of a mas-ter’s degree in education for the purposes of hiring, retention, compensation, and pro-motion in the State. 
(5) S
TATE AUTHORIZER .—The term ‘State 
authorizer’ means an entity designated by the Governor of a State to recognize teacher or principal preparation academies within the State that— 
(A) enters into an agreement with a teach-
er, principal, or other school leader prepara-tion academy that specifies the goals ex-pected of the academy, as described in (4)(A)(i); 
(B) may be a nonprofit organization, State 
educational agency, or other public entity, or consortium of such entities (including a consortium of States); and 
(C) does not reauthorize a teacher or prin-
cipal preparation academy if the academy fails to produce the minimum number or per-centage of effective teachers or principals, respectively (as determined by the State), identified in the academy’s authorizing agreement. 
11. The Senate bill authorizes Title II at 
such sums through 2021 for all programs au-thorized. The House amendment authorizes $2,788,356,000 for Title II (which includes Part A through D) from fiscal year 2016 through 2021 and moves this authorization line to the beginning of the whole bill. 
HR/SR with amendment to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.122 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8577 November 30, 2015 
SEC. 2003. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) G RANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—For the purposes of 
carrying out part A , there are authorized to be appropriated $2,295,830,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2020. 
(b) N
ATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—For the purposes 
of carrying out part B, there are authorized to be appropriated $468,880,575 for each of fis-cal years 2017 and 2018, $469,168,000 for fiscal year 2019 and $489,168,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
12. The House amendment authorizes a 75 
percent reservation for Part A of the Title II total authorized amount which equals $2,349,830,000 for Part A each year through 2021. 
HR 13. The Senate bill authorizes such sums 
through 2021 for national activities. The House amendment includes a one percent set aside for national activities. 
HR 14. The Senate bill specifies outlying areas 
by name. 
HR 15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a hold harmless at 2001 level with a percentage reduction provided for in (C) over a 7-year time period. The Sen-
ate bill also includes a ratable reduction if funds are insufficient. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘2016 
through 2021’’ in each place it appears and insert ‘‘2017 through 2022’’ 
16. The Senate bill and House amendment 
change the formula in different ways. 
HR with amendment to strike paragraph 
(2)(i) and (2)(ii) and insert the following: 
‘‘(i) in fiscal year 2017—— (AA) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 35 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
(BB) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 65 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
(ii) in fiscal year 2018—— (AA) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 30 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
(BB) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 70 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
(iii) in fiscal year 2019—— (AA) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 25 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
(BB) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 75 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. (iv) in fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent 
fiscal year—— 
(AA) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 20 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
(BB) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 80 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
17. The House amendment includes small 
state minimum which is similar to the lan-guage in the Senate 2(B) exception. 
LC 18. The Senate bill, not the House amend-
ment, specifies how funds after FY 2022 are to be allotted. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘2022’’ and 
insert ‘‘2023’’ 
19. The House amendment, not the Senate 
bill, includes applicability language as it re-lates to subparagraph (A), which specifies the formula. 
HR 20. The Senate bill and House amendment 
authorizes the Secretary to reallot amounts unawarded to states that do not apply. In ad-dition, the House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes reallotment language for circumstances in which only a portion of a State’s award is allotted. 
HR 21. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different structures for title II, Part A. Senate does uses of funds first and State plan second; House does opposite. 
LC 22. The Senate bill and House amendment 
each include 95 percent set aside for sub-grants to local educational agencies and one percent for State planning and administra-tion, although they use different language to do so. 
HR 23. The Senate bill includes an optional ad-
ditional three percent State reservation for State activities for principals and other school leaders. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘, if such 
reservation’’ through ‘‘the preceding fiscal year’’ 
24. The House amendment includes a re-
quirement that the SEA fulfill its respon-sibilities with specified funds. 
HR 25. Senate bill and House amendment are 
similar except Senate bill allows institutions of higher education, State agencies of higher education, and for-profit and nonprofit enti-ties to help carry out State activities. 
HR 26. Senate bill and House amendment in-
clude a number of different activities that states could use the funding for. Both the Senate bill and House amendment include an allowable use for teacher and school leader evaluations. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(B) T
YPES OF STATE ACTIVITIES .—The ac-
tivities described in subparagraph (A) are the following: 
(i) Reforming teacher, principal, and other 
school leader certification, recertification, licensing, or tenure systems or preparation program standards and approval processes to ensure that— 
(I) teachers have the necessary subject- 
matter knowledge and teaching skills, as demonstrated through measures determined by the State, which may include teacher per-
formance assessments, in the academic sub-jects that the teachers teach to help stu-dents meet challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
(II) principals and other school leaders 
have the instructional leadership skills to help teachers teach and to help students meet such challenging State academic stand-ards; and 
(III) teacher certification or licensing re-
quirements are aligned with such chal-lenging State academic standards. 
(ii) Developing, improving, or providing as-
sistance to local educational agencies to sup-port the design and implementation of teach-er, principal, and other school leader evalua-tion and support systems that are based in part on evidence of student academic achievement, which may include student growth, and shall include multiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, and other schools leaders, such as by— 
(I) developing and disseminating high-qual-
ity evaluation tools, such as classroom ob-servation rubrics, and methods, including training and auditing, for ensuring inter- rater reliability of evaluation results; 
(II) developing and providing training to 
principals, other school leaders, coaches, mentors, and evaluators on how to accu-rately differentiate performance, provide useful and timely feedback, and use evalua-tion results to inform decisionmaking about professional development, improvement strategies, and personnel decisions; and 
(III) developing a system for auditing the 
quality of evaluation and support systems. 
‘(iii) Improving equitable access to effec-
tive teachers. 
(iv) Carrying out programs that establish, 
expand, or improve alternative routes for State certification of teachers (especially for 
teachers of children with disabilities, English learners, science, technology, engi-neering, mathematics, or other areas where the State experiences a shortage of edu-cators), principals, and other school leaders, for— 
(I) individuals with a baccalaureate or 
master’s degree, or other advanced degree; 
(II) mid-career professionals from other oc-
cupations; 
(III) paraprofessionals; (IV) former military personnel; and 
(V) recent graduates of institutions of 
higher education with records of academic distinction who demonstrate the potential to become effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
(v) Developing, improving, and imple-
menting mechanisms to assist local edu-cational agencies and schools in effectively recruiting and retaining teachers, principals, and other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement, including effective teachers from underrep-resented minority groups and teachers with disabilities, such as through— 
(I) opportunities for effective teachers to 
lead, to the extent the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evi-dence-based professional development for their peers; and 
(II) providing training and support for 
teacher leaders and school leaders who are recruited as part of instructional leadership teams. 
(vi) Fulfilling the State educational agen-
cy’s responsibilities concerning proper and efficient administration and monitoring of the programs carried out under this part, in-cluding provision of technical assistance to local educational agencies. 
(vii) Developing, or assisting local edu-
cational agencies in developing— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.123 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8578 November 30, 2015 
(I) career opportunities and advancement 
initiatives that promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths, such as instructional coaching and mentoring, in-cluding hybrid roles that allow instructional coaching and mentoring while remaining in the classroom, school leadership, and in-volvement with school improvement and support; 
(II) strategies that provide differential 
pay, or other incentives, to recruit and re-tain teachers in high-need academic subjects and teachers, principals, or other school leaders, in low-income schools and school districts, which may include performance- based pay systems; and 
(III) new teacher, principal, and other 
school leader induction and mentoring pro-grams that are, to the extent the state deter-mines that such evidence is reasonably avail-able, evidence-based and designed to— 
(aa) improve classroom instruction and 
student learning and achievement, including through improving school leadership pro-grams; and 
(bb) increase the retention of effective 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; 
(viii) Providing assistance to local edu-
cational agencies for— 
(I) the development and implementation of 
high-quality professional development pro-grams for principals that enable the prin-cipals to be effective and prepare all stu-dents to meet the challenging State aca-demic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); and 
(ix) Supporting efforts to train teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders to effec-tively integrate technology into curricula and instruction, which may include training to assist teachers in implementing blended learning projects as defined in section [4102]. 
(x) Providing training, technical assist-
ance, and capacity-building to local edu-cational agencies that receive a subgrant under this part. 
(xi) Reforming or improving teacher, prin-
cipal, and other school leader preparation programs such as through establishing teacher, principal, and other school leader residency programs; 
(xiii) Establishing or expanding teacher, 
principal, or other school leader preparation academies, with not more than 2 percent of the funds available for State activities under subparagraph (A), if 
(I) allowable under State law; (II) the State enables candidates attending 
a teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation academy to be eligible for State financial aid to the same extent as partici-pants in other State-approved teacher or principal preparation programs, including al-ternative certification, licensure, or creden-tial programs; and 
(III) the State enables teachers, principals, 
or other school leaders who are teaching or working while on alternative certificates, li-censes, or credentials to teach or work in the State while enrolled in a teacher, principal or other school leader preparation academy. 
(xiii) Supporting the instructional services 
provided by effective school library pro-grams. 
(xv) Developing, or assisting local edu-
cational agencies in developing, strategies that provide teachers, principals, and other school leaders with the skills, credentials, or certifications needed to educate all students in postsecondary education coursework through early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment courses or programs. 
(xvi) Providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, and paraprofessionals, re-garding how to prevent and recognize child 
sexual abuse. 
(xvii) Supporting opportunities for prin-
cipals, other school leaders, teachers, para-professionals, early childhood education pro-gram directors, and other early childhood education program providers to participate in joint efforts to address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness. 
(xviii) Developing and providing profes-
sional development for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, in-
cluding computer science. 
(xix) Supporting the professional develop-
ment and improving the instructional strate-gies of teachers, principals, and other school leaders to integrate career and technical education content into academic instruc-tional practices, which may include training on best practices to understand State and re-gional workforce needs and transitions to postsecondary education and the workforce; 
(xx) Supporting and developing efforts to 
train teachers on the appropriate use of stu-dent data to ensure individual student pri-vacy is protected as required under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’) (20 U.S.C. 123) and in accordance with State stu-dent privacy laws and local educational agency student privacy and technology use policies.’’ 
(xxi) Enabling States, as a consortium, to 
voluntarily develop a process that allows teachers who are licensed or certified in a participating State to teach in other partici-pating States without completing additional licensure or certification requirements, ex-cept that nothing in this clause shall be con-strued to allow the Secretary to exercise any direction, supervision, or control over State teacher licensing or certification require-ments. 
(xxii) Supporting other activities identi-
fied by the State that are, to the extent the state determines that such evidence is rea-sonably available, evidence-based and that meet the purpose of this title; 
27. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different sections and different section headers. 
SR on title. LC on placement. 28. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different content requirements for the State plan/application. 
HR/SR with amendment to read as follows: (d) S
TATE APPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time, in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application described 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use funds received under this title for State-level activities de-scribed in subsection (c). 
(B) A description of the State’s system of 
certification and licensing 
(C) A description of how activities under 
this part are aligned with challenging State academic standards, including those stand-ards under section 1111, 
(D) A description of how the activities 
using funds under this part are expected to improve student achievement. 
(E) If a State educational agency plans to 
use funds under this part to improve equi-table access to effective teachers, as de-scribed in 1111(c)(1)(F), a description of how such funds will be used for such purpose. 
(F) If applicable, a description of how the 
State educational agency will work with local educational agencies in the State to de-velop or implement state or local teacher or 
school leader evaluation systems that meet the requirements of (B)(ii). 
(G) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will monitor the implemen-
tation of activities under this part and pro-vide technical assistance to local edu-cational agencies in carrying out such ac-tivities. 
(H) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will work in consultation with the entity responsible for teacher and principal professional standards, certifi-cation, and licensing for the State, and en-courage collaboration between educator preparation programs, the State, and local educational agencies to promote the readi-ness of new educators entering the profes-sion. 
(I) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will comply with section [6501] (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
(J) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will improve the skills of teachers, principals, and other school leaders in order to enable them to identify students with specific learning needs, particularly students with disabilities, English learners, students who are gifted and talented, and students with low literacy levels, and pro-vide instruction based on the needs of such students. 
(K) A description of how the State will use 
data and ongoing consultation as described in paragraph (3) to continually update and improve the activities supported under this part; 
(L) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will encourage opportunities for increased autonomy and flexibility for teachers, principals, and school leaders, such as by establishing innovation schools that have a high degree of autonomy over budget and operations, are transparent and account-able to the public, and lead to improved aca-demic outcomes for students; and 
(M) A description of actions the State may 
take to improve preparation programs and strengthen support for principals and other school leaders based on the needs of the State, as identified by the State educational agency. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the State 
application under this subsection, a State shall— 
(A) meaningfully consult with teachers, 
principals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals (including organizations representing such individuals), specialized instructional support personnel, public charter school leaders (in a state that has charter schools), parents, community partners, and other or-ganizations or partners with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and ac-tivities designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
(B) seek advice from the individuals, orga-
nizations, or partners described in subpara-graph (A) regarding how best to improve the State’s activities to meet the purpose of this title; and 
(C) coordinate the State’s activities under 
this part with other related strategies, pro-grams, and activities being conducted in the State. 
(4) L
IMITATION .—Consultation required 
under paragraph (3) shall not interfere with the timely submission of the plan required under this section. 
29. The Senate bill includes consultation as 
part of state plan. 
HR with an amendment to add ‘‘charter 
school leaders (in a state that has a charter school law),’’ after ‘‘other school leaders,’’ and to strike ‘‘plan’’ and insert ‘‘application’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.133 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8579 November 30, 2015 
30. The House amendment includes 120 day 
timeline for state application deemed ap-proval. The Senate bill includes a 90 day timeline for state application approval in Title IX for Title II applications, among oth-ers. 
HR 31. The House amendment includes dis-
approval paragraph. The Senate bill contains a disapproval paragraph in Title IX for Title II applications, among others. 
HR 32. The House amendment includes notifi-
cation of state educational agency. The Sen-ate bill includes a notification process in Title IX for Title II applications, among oth-ers. 
HR 
33. The House amendment includes a re-
sponse timeline of 45 days. The Senate bill includes a similar response timeline in Title IX for Title II applications, among others. 
HR 34. The House amendment includes para-
graph on failure to respond. The Senate bill includes a paragraph on failure to respond in Title IX for Title II applications, among oth-ers. 
HR 35. The Senate bill includes a prohibition 
on Secretary. 
HR 36. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 37. The Senate bill and House amendment 
cite different section numbers to reflect dif-ferences in respective bill structures. 
LC 38. The Senate bill and House amendment 
change the formula in different ways. 
HR 39. The Senate bill and House amendment 
change the formula in different ways. 
HR 40. The Senate bill includes a cap on direct 
administrative costs of 2 percent. 
SR 41. The Senate bill includes a rule of con-
struction to allow schools with certain lo-cale codes (rural locale codes) to combine their allocations. 
HR 42. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 43. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different content requirements for local applications. See also note 46. 
HR/SR with amendment to read as follows: 
(4) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—Each appli-
cation submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the activities to be 
carried out by the local educational agency under this section and how these activities will be aligned with the challenging State academic standards including those de-scribed in section 1111(b)(1). 
(B) A description of the local educational 
agency’s systems of professional growth and improvement, such as induction for teachers, principals, and other school leaders and op-portunities for building the capacity of teachers and opportunities to develop mean-ingful teacher leadership. 
(C) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will prioritize funds to schools served by the agency that are identi-fied under section 1111(d) and have the high-est percentage of children counted under sec-tion 1124(c). 
(D) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will use data and ongoing consultation described in paragraph (3) to continually update and improve activities supported under this part. 
(E) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will comply with section 9501 (regarding participation by private 
school children and teachers). 
(F) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will coordinate professional development activities authorized under this part with professional development activi-ties provided through other Federal, State, and local programs. 
(5) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the appli-
cation in paragraph (4), a local educational agency shall— 
(A) meaningfully consult with teachers, 
principals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals (including organizations representing such individuals), specialized instructional support personnel, public charter school leaders (in a local educational agency that has charter schools), parents, community partners, and other organizations or partners with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
(B) seek advice from the individuals in sub-
paragraph (A) regarding how best to improve the local educational agency’s activities to meet the purpose of this title; and 
(C) coordinate the local educational agen-
cy’s activities under this part with other re-lated strategies, programs, and activities being conducted in the community. 
(6) L
IMITATION .—Consultation required 
under paragraph (5) shall not interfere with the timely submission of the plan required under this section. 
44. The Senate bill includes a needs assess-
ment analysis for eligibility for a subgrant. 
SR 45. The Senate bill includes a consultation 
requirement. 
SR 46. The Senate bill includes separate para-
graph for contents of application. The Sen-ate bill and House amendment have different content requirements for local applications. See note 43 above. 
SR 47. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different uses of funds. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(b) T
YPES OF ACTIVITIES .—The activities 
described in this subsection— 
(1) shall be in accordance with the purpose 
of this title; 
(2) shall address the learning needs of all 
students, including children with disabil-ities, English learners, and gifted and tal-ented students; and 
(3) may include, among other programs and 
activities— 
(A) developing or improving a rigorous, 
transparent, and fair evaluation and support system for teachers, principals, and other school leaders that is based in part on evi-dence of student achievement, which may in-clude student growth, and shall include mul-tiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, and other schools lead-ers; 
(B) developing and implementing initia-
tives to assist in recruiting, hiring, and re-taining effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders, particularly in low-in-come schools with high percentages of inef-fective teachers and high percentages of stu-dents who do not meet the challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1), to improve within-district equity in the distribution of teachers, principals, and school leaders consistent with the re-quirements of section 1111(c)(1)(F), such as initiatives that provide— 
(i) expert help in screening candidates and 
enabling early hiring; 
(ii) differential and incentive pay for 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in high-need academic subject areas and spe-cialty areas, which may include perform-
ance-based pay systems; 
(iii) teacher, paraprofessional, principal, 
and other school leader advancement and professional growth, and an emphasis on leadership opportunities, multiple career paths and pay differentiation; 
(iv) new teacher, principal, and other 
school leader induction and mentoring pro-grams that are designed to— 
(I) improve classroom instruction and stu-
dent learning and achievement; 
(II) increase the retention of effective 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; 
(v) the development and provision of train-
ing for school leaders, coaches, mentors and evaluators on how to accurately differen-tiate performance, provide useful feedback, and use evaluation results to inform deci-sionmaking about professional development, improvement strategies, and personnel deci-sions; and 
(vi) a system for auditing the quality of 
evaluation and support systems; 
(C) differential and incentive pay for 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in high-need academic subject areas and spe-cialty areas, which may include perform-ance-based pay systems; 
(D) recruiting qualified individuals from 
other fields to become teachers, principals, or other school leaders including mid-career professionals from other occupations, former military personnel, and recent graduates of institutions of higher education with a record of academic distinction who dem-onstrate potential to become effective teach-ers, principals, or other school leaders; 
(E) reducing class size to an evidence-based 
level, to the extent the state, in consultation with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, to improve student achievement through the recruiting and hiring of addi-tional effective teachers; 
(F) providing high-quality evidence-based 
(to the extent the state, in consultation with local educational agencies in the state, de-termines that such evidence is reasonably available), personalized professional develop-ment for teachers, instructional leadership teams, principals, and other school leaders, focused on improving teaching and student learning and achievement, including sup-porting efforts to train teachers, principals, and other school leaders to— 
(i) effectively integrate technology into 
curricula and instruction (including edu-cation about the harms of copyright piracy); 
(ii) use data to improve student achieve-
ment and understanding how to protect indi-vidual student privacy in accordance with section 444 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’) (20 U.S.C. 123) and State and local policies and laws in the use of such data; 
(iii) effectively engage parents, families 
and community partners, and coordinate services between school and community; 
(iv) help all students develop the skills es-
sential for learning readiness, and academic success; and 
(v) develop policy with school, local edu-
cational agency, community, or State lead-ers; 
(vi) have opportunities for experiential 
learning through observation; 
(G) developing programs and activities 
that increase the ability of teachers to effec-tively teach children with disabilities, in-cluding children with significant cognitive disabilities, which may include the use of multi-tier systems of support and positive behavioral intervention and supports, and students who are English learners, so that such children with disabilities and students 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.134 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8580 November 30, 2015 
who are English learners can meet the chal-
lenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
(H) providing programs and activities to 
increase— 
(i) the knowledge base of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders on instruc-tion in the early grades and on strategies to measure whether young children are pro-gressing; and 
(ii) the ability of principals and other 
school leaders to support teachers, teacher leaders, early childhood educators, and other professionals to meet the needs of students through age 8, which may include providing joint professional learning and planning ac-tivities for school staff and educators in pre-school programs that address the transition to elementary school; 
(I) providing training, technical assistance, 
and capacity-building in local educational agencies to assist teachers and school lead-ers with selecting and implementing forma-tive assessments, designing classroom-based assessments, and using data from such as-sessments to improve instruction and stu-dent academic achievement, which may in-clude providing additional time for teachers to review student data and respond, as ap-
propriate; 
(J) carrying out in-service training for 
school personnel in— 
(i) the techniques and supports needed to 
help educators understand when and how to refer students affected by trauma, and chil-dren with, or at risk of, mental illness; 
(ii) the use of referral mechanisms that ef-
fectively link such children to appropriate treatment and intervention services in the school and in the community, where appro-priate; and 
(iii) forming partnerships between school- 
based mental health programs and public or private mental health organizations; 
(iv) addressing issues related to school con-
ditions for student learning, such as safety, peer interaction, drug and alcohol abuse, and chronic absenteeism. 
Report Language: The Conferees intend 
that references to safety and peer inter-action within this title include instances of school violence, bullying, and harassment. 
(L) providing training to support the iden-
tification of students who are gifted and tal-ented, including high-ability students who have not been formally identified for gifted education services, and implementing in-structional practices that support the edu-cation of such students, such as— 
(i) early entrance to kindergarten; (ii) enrichment, acceleration, and cur-
riculum compacting activities; and 
(iii) dual or concurrent enrollment in sec-
ondary school and postsecondary education; 
(M) supporting the instructional services 
provided by effective school library pro-grams; 
(N) providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, and paraprofessionals, re-garding how to prevent and recognize child sexual abuse; 
(O) developing and providing professional 
development and instructional materials for science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects, including computer science. 
(Q) developing feedback mechanisms to im-
prove school working conditions, including through periodically and publicly reporting results of educator support and working con-ditions feedback; 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ in-
tent that school districts’ examinations of working conditions for teachers, principals, and other school leaders should include eval-uations of the supports for such individuals developed in consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, other school 
personnel, parents, students, and the com-munity. These supports may include the availability of high-quality professional de-velopment, instructional materials, instruc-tional leadership, opportunities for profes-sional growth, timely availability of data on student academic achievement and growth, and a review of school safety and conditions for learning.’’ 
(R) providing high-quality professional de-
velopment for teachers, principals, and other school leaders on effective strategies to inte-grate rigorous academic content, career and technical education, and work-based learn-ing, if appropriate, which may include pro-viding common planning time, to help pre-pare students for postsecondary education and the workforce without the need for re-mediation; 
(S) carrying out other evidence-based ac-
tivities, to the extent the state, in consulta-tion with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is rea-sonably available, identified by the local educational agency that meet the purpose of this title. 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that local educational agencies will use funds in ways that best support teachers to help improve student achievement. Local educational agencies may use funds for ac-tivities such as improving the instructional skills of athletic administrators who are also teachers and supporting teachers to increase the entrepreneurial skills of students.’’ 
48. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires funds to be used for evidence-based programs and activities, and allows activities to be carried out with a for- profit or non-profit entity, in partnership with an IHE or Indian tribe or tribal organi-zation. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘evidence- 
based’’ 
49. The Senate bill includes a separate sub-
paragraph (b) for types of activities that can be funded with local funds, and includes a few required uses of funds. 
SR 50. The Senate bill includes principles of 
effectiveness for programs and activities. 
SR 51. The Senate bill includes periodic eval-
uations of programs and activities and a pro-hibition on the Secretary. 
SR 52. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers and different section headers. 
LC 53. The Senate bill and House amendment 
each require annual reports of local edu-cational agencies to State educational agen-cies and State educational agencies to the Secretary, but contents of report are dif-ferent. The Senate bill requires reports be made public. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
(a) S
TATE REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving funds under this part shall annually submit to the Secretary a report that provides— 
(1) a description of how the State is using 
grant funds received under this part to meet the purposes described in section 2101, and how such chosen activities improved teacher, principal and other school leader effective-ness, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
(2) if funds are used under this part to im-
prove equitable access to teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders for low-in-come and minority students, a description of how funds have been used to improve such access; 
(3) for a State that implements a teacher, 
principal, and other school leader evaluation system consistent with [section 
2101(c)(4)(B)(ii)] using funds under this part, the evaluation results of teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders, except that such information shall not provide person-ally identifiable information on individual teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
(4) where available, the annual retention 
rates of effective and ineffective teachers, principals, and other school leaders, as deter-mined by the State, using any methods or criteria the State has or develops under sec-tion 1111[(c)(2)(A)], except nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require any State educational agency or local edu-cational agency to collect and report any data the State educational agency or local educational agency is not collecting or re-porting as of the date of enactment of Every Student Succeeds Act of 2017. 
(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REPORT .— 
Each local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall submit to the State educational agency such information as the State requires, which shall include the information described in subsection (a) for the local educational agency. 
(c) A
VAILABILITY .—The reports and infor-
mation provided under subsections (a) and (b) shall be made readily available to the public. 
(d) L
IMITATION .—The reports and informa-
tion provided under subsections (a) and (b) shall not reveal personally identifiable infor-mation about any individual. 
54. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both provide for technical assistance and na-tional evaluations of programs but with dif-ferent requirements under those headers. 
HR/SR with amendment to read as follows: 
PART B—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2201. RESERVATIONS. 
From the amounts appropriated under sec-
tion 2003(b) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) [$ ll] to carry out activities author-
ized under subpart 1; 
‘‘(2) [$ ll] to carry out activities author-
ized under subpart 2; 
‘‘(3) [$ ll] to carry out activities author-
ized under subpart 3; and 
‘‘(4) [$ ll] to carry out activities author-
ized under subpart 4. 
SUBPART 1 —TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER  
INCENTIVE PROGRAM  
SEC. 2211. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-
part are— 
(1) to assist States, local educational agen-
cies, and nonprofit organizations to develop, implement, improve, or expand comprehen-sive performance-based compensation sys-tems or human capital management systems for teachers, principals, and other school leaders (especially for teachers, principals, and other school leaders in high-need schools) who raise student academic achieve-ment and close the achievement gap between high- and low-performing students; and 
(2) to study and review performance-based 
compensation systems or human capital management systems for teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders to evaluate the effectiveness, fairness, quality, consist-ency, and reliability of the systems. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subpart: 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible en-
tity’ means— 
(A) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school that is a local educational agency, or a consortium of local educational agencies; 
(B) a State educational agency or other 
State agency designated by the chief execu-tive of a State to participate under this sub-part; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.135 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8581 November 30, 2015 
(C) the Bureau of Indian Education; or (D) 
a partnership consisting of— 
(i) 1 or more agencies described in subpara-
graph (A),(B), or (C); and 
(ii) at least 1 nonprofit or for-profit entity. (2) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- 
need school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that is located in an area in which the percentage of students from families with incomes below the pov-erty line is 30 percent or more. 
(3) H
UMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— 
The term ‘human capital management sys-
tem’ means a system— 
(A) by which a local educational agency 
makes and implements human capital deci-sions, such as decisions on preparation, re-cruitment, hiring, placement, retention, dis-missal, compensation, professional develop-ment, tenure, and promotion; and 
(B) that includes a performance-based com-
pensation system. 
(4) P
ERFORMANCE -BASED COMPENSATION SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘performance-based com-
pensation system’ means a system of com-pensation for teachers, principals, and other school leaders that— 
(A) differentiates levels of compensation 
based in part on measurable increases in stu-dent academic achievement; and 
(B) may include— (i) differentiated levels of compensation, 
which may include bonus pay, on the basis of the employment responsibilities and success of effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders in hard-to-staff schools or high-need subject areas; and 
(ii) recognition of the skills and knowledge 
of teachers, principals, and other school leaders as demonstrated through— 
(I) successful fulfillment of additional re-
sponsibilities or job functions, such as teach-er leadership roles; and 
(II) evidence of professional achievement 
and mastery of content knowledge and supe-rior teaching and leadership skills. 
‘‘SEC. 2212. TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER IN-
CENTIVE FUND GRANTS. 
(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amounts reserved by the Secretary under section 2201(1), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible en-tities to enable the eligible entities to de-velop, implement, improve, or expand per-formance-based compensation systems or human capital management systems, in schools served by the eligible entity. 
(b) D
URATION OF GRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under 
this subpart shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a 
grant awarded under this subpart for a pe-riod of up to 2 years if the grantee dem-onstrates to the Secretary that the grantee is effectively utilizing funds. Such renewal may include allowing the grantee to scale up or replicate the successful program. 
(3) L
IMITATION .—A local educational agen-
cy may receive (whether individually or as part of a consortium or partnership) a grant under this subpart only twice, as of the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act of 2015. 
(c) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner, as the Secretary may reasonably require. The application shall in-clude— 
(1) a description of the performance-based 
compensation system or human capital man-agement system that the eligible entity pro-poses to develop, implement, improve, or ex-pand through the grant; 
(2) a description of the most significant 
gaps or insufficiencies in student access to effective teachers and school leaders in high- need schools, including gaps or inequities in 
how effective teachers and school leaders are distributed across the local educational agency, as identified using factors such as data on school resources, staffing patterns, school environment, educator support sys-tems, and other school-level factors; 
(3) a description and evidence of the sup-
port and commitment from teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders, which may include charter school leaders, in the school (including organizations representing teach-ers, principals, and other school leaders), the community, and the local educational agen-cy to the activities proposed under the grant; 
(4) a description of how the eligible entity 
will develop and implement a fair, rigorous, valid, reliable, and objective process to evaluate teacher, principal, and school lead-er, performance under the system that is based in part on measures of student aca-demic achievement, including the baseline performance against which evaluations of improved performance will be made; 
(5) a description of the local educational 
agencies or schools to be served under the grant, including such student academic achievement, demographic, and socio-economic information as the Secretary may request; 
(6) a description of the effectiveness of 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the local educational agency and the schools to be served under the grant and the extent to which the system will increase the effectiveness of teachers, principals, and other school leaders in such schools; 
(7) a description of how the eligible entity 
will use grant funds under this subpart in each year of the grant, including a timeline for implementation of such activities; 
(8) a description of how the eligible entity 
will continue the activities assisted under the grant after the grant period ends; 
(9) a description of the State, local, or 
other public or private funds that will be used to supplement the grant, including funds under part A, and sustain the activi-ties assisted under the grant at the end of the grant period; 
(10) a description of— (A) the rationale for the project; (B) how the proposed activities are evi-
dence-based; and 
(C) if applicable, the prior experience of 
the eligible entity in developing and imple-menting such activities; and 
(11) a description of how activities funded 
under this subpart will be evaluated, mon-itored, and publically reported. 
(d) A
WARD BASIS.— 
(1) P RIORITY .—In awarding a grant under 
this subpart, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to an eligible entity that concentrates the activities proposed to be assisted under the grant on teachers, principals, and other school leaders serving in high-need schools. 
(2) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—To the extent 
practicable, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic distribution of grants under this subpart, including the distribu-tion of such grants between rural and urban areas. 
(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this subpart shall use the grant funds to develop, implement, im-prove, or expand, in collaboration with teachers, principals, other school leaders, and members of the public, a performance- based compensation system or human cap-ital management system consistent with this subpart. 
(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grant funds 
under this subpart may be used for the fol-lowing: (A) Developing or improving an evaluation 
and support system, including as part of a human capital management system as appli-cable, that— 
(i) reflects clear and fair measures of 
teacher, principal, and other school leader performance, based in part on demonstrated improvement in student academic achieve-ment; and 
(ii) provides teachers, principals, and other 
school leaders with ongoing, differentiated, targeted, and personalized support and feed-back for improvement, including profes-sional development opportunities designed to increase effectiveness. 
(B) Conducting outreach within a local 
educational agency or a State to gain input on how to construct an evaluation system described in subparagraph (A) and to develop support for the evaluation system, including by training appropriate personnel in how to observe and evaluate teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
(C) Providing principals and other school 
leaders with— 
(i) balanced autonomy to make budgeting, 
scheduling, and other school-level decisions in a manner that meets the needs of the school without compromising the intent or essential components of the policies of the local educational agency or State; and 
(ii) authority to make staffing decisions 
that meet the needs of the school, such as building an instructional leadership team that includes teacher leaders or offering op-portunities for teams or pairs of effective teachers or candidates to teach or start teaching in high-need schools together. 
(D) Implementing, as part of a comprehen-
sive performance-based compensation sys-tem, a differentiated salary structure, which may include bonuses and stipends, to— 
(i) teachers who— (I)(aa) teach in high-need schools; or (bb) teach in high-need subjects; (II) raise student academic achievement; 
or 
(III) take on additional leadership respon-
sibilities; or 
(ii) principals and other school leaders who 
serve in high-need schools and raise student academic achievement in the schools. 
(E) Improving the local educational agen-
cy’s system and process for the recruitment, selection, placement, and retention of effec-tive teachers and school leaders in high-need schools, such as by improving local edu-cational agency policies and procedures to ensure that high-need schools are competi-tive and timely in— 
(i) attracting, hiring, and retaining effec-
tive educators; 
(ii) offering bonuses or higher salaries to 
effective teachers; or 
(iii) establishing or strengthening resi-
dency programs. 
(F) Instituting career advancement oppor-
tunities characterized by increased responsi-bility and pay that reward and recognize ef-fective teachers and school leaders in high- need schools and enable them to expand their leadership and results, such as through teacher-led professional development, men-toring, coaching, hybrid roles, administra-tive duties, and career ladders. 
(f) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sub-part shall provide, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount of the grant (which may be provided in cash or in-kind) to carry out the activities sup-ported by the grant. 
(g) S
UPPLEMENT , N OTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds provided under this subpart shall be used to supplement, not supplant, other Fed-eral or State funds available to carry out ac-tivities described in this subpart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.136 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8582 November 30, 2015 
SEC. 2213. REPORTS. 
(a) A CTIVITIES SUMMARY .—Each eligible en-
tity receiving a grant under this part shall provide to the Secretary a summary of the activities assisted under the grant. 
(b) Report.—The Secretary shall provide to 
Congress an annual report on the implemen-tation of the program carried out under this subpart, including— 
(1) information on eligible entities that re-
ceived grant funds under this subpart, in-cluding— 
(A) information provided by eligible enti-
ties to the Secretary in the applications sub-mitted under section 2212(c); 
(B) the summaries received under sub-
section (a); and 
(C) grant award amounts; and (2) student 
academic achievement and, as applicable, growth data from the schools participating in the programs supported under the grant. 
(c) E
VALUATION AND TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .— 
(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the total 
amount reserved for this subpart for a fiscal year, the Secretary may reserve for such fis-cal year not more than 1 percent for the cost of the evaluation under paragraph (2) and for technical assistance in carrying out this sub-part. 
(2) E
VALUATION .—From amounts reserved 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall carry out an inde-pendent evaluation to measure the effective-ness of the program assisted under this sub-part. 
(3) C
ONTENTS .—The evaluation under para-
graph (2) shall measure— 
(A) the effectiveness of the program in im-
proving student academic achievement; 
(B) the satisfaction of the participating 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; and 
(C) the extent to which the program as-
sisted the eligible entities in recruiting and retaining high-quality teachers, principals, and other school leaders, especially in high- need subject areas.’’. 
SUBPART 2 —LITERACY EDUCATION FOR ALL , 
RESULTS FOR THE NATION  
SEC. 2221. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-
part are— 
(1) to improve student academic achieve-
ment in reading and writing by providing Federal support to States to develop, revise, or update comprehensive literacy instruc-tion plans that, when implemented, ensure high-quality instruction and effective strate-gies in reading and writing from early edu-cation through grade 12; and 
(2) for States to provide targeted subgrants 
to State-designated early childhood edu-cation programs and local educational agen-cies and their public or private partners to implement evidenced-based programs that ensure high-quality comprehensive literacy instruction for students most in need. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subpart: 
(1) C OMPREHENSIVE LITERACY INSTRUC -
TION.—The term ‘comprehensive literacy in-
struction’ means instruction that— 
(A) includes developmentally appropriate, 
contextually explicit, and systematic in-struction, and frequent practice, in reading and writing across content areas; 
(B) includes age-appropriate, explicit, sys-
tematic, and intentional instruction in pho-nological awareness, phonic decoding, vocab-ulary, language structure, reading fluency, and reading comprehension; 
(C) includes age-appropriate, explicit in-
struction in writing, including opportunities for children to write with clear purposes, with critical reasoning appropriate to the topic and purpose, and with specific instruc-tion and feedback from instructional staff; (D) makes available and uses diverse, high- 
quality print materials that reflect the read-ing and development levels, and interests, of children; 
(E) uses differentiated instructional ap-
proaches, including individual and small group instruction and discussion; 
(F) provides opportunities for children to 
use language with peers and adults in order to develop language skills, including devel-oping vocabulary; 
(G) includes frequent practice of reading 
and writing strategies; 
(H) uses age-appropriate, valid, and reli-
able screening assessments, diagnostic as-sessments, formative assessment processes, and summative assessments to identify a child’s learning needs, to inform instruction, and to monitor the child’s progress and the effects of instruction; 
(I) uses strategies to enhance children’s 
motivation to read and write and children’s engagement in self-directed learning; 
(J) incorporates the principles of universal 
design for learning; 
(K) depends on teachers’ collaboration in 
planning, instruction, and assessing a child’s progress and on continuous professional learning; and 
(L) links literacy instruction to the chal-
lenging State academic standards under [sec-tion 1111(b)(1)], including the ability to navi-gate, understand, and write about, complex print and digital subject matter. 
(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible en-
tity’ means an entity that serves a high per-centage of high-need schools and consists of— 
(A) one or more local educational agencies 
that— 
(i) have the highest number or proportion 
of children who are counted under [section 1124(c)], in comparison to other local edu-cational agencies in the State; 
(ii) are among the local educational agen-
cies in the State with the highest number or percentages of children reading or writing below grade level, based on the most cur-rently available State academic assessment data under section 1111(b)(2); or 
(iii) serve a significant number or percent-
age of schools that are identified for com-prehensive support and improvement under subsection 1111(d); 
(B) one or more State-designated early 
childhood education programs, which may include home-based literacy programs for preschool aged children, that have a dem-onstrated record of providing comprehensive literacy instruction for the age group such program proposes to serve; or 
(C) a local educational agency, described in 
subparagraph (A), or consortium of such local educational agencies, or a State-des-ignated early childhood education program, which may include home-based literacy pro-grams for preschool aged children, acting in partnership with 1 or more public or private nonprofit organizations or agencies (which may include State-designated early child-hood education programs) that have a dem-onstrated record of effectiveness in— 
(i) improving literacy achievement of chil-
dren, consistent with the purposes of their participation, from birth through grade 12; and 
(ii) providing professional development in 
comprehensive literacy instruction. 
(3) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-need 
school’ means— 
(i) an elementary school or middle school 
in which not less than 50 percent of the en-rolled students are children from low-income families; or 
(ii) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are children from low-income families, which may be cal-culated using comparable data from the 
schools that feed into the high school. 
(B) L
OW-INCOME FAMILY .—For purposes of 
subparagraph (A), the term ‘low-income fam-ily’ means a family— 
(i) in which the children are eligible for a 
free or reduced price lunch under the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
(ii) receiving assistance under the program 
of block grants to States for temporary as-sistance for needy families established under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
(iii) in which the children are eligible to 
receive medical assistance under the Med-icaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
SEC. 2222. COMPREHENSIVE LITERACY STATE DE-
VELOPMENT GRANTS. 
(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amounts reserved by the Secretary under section 2201(2) and not reserved under sub-section (b), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to State educational agencies to enable the State educational agencies to— 
(1) provide subgrants to eligible entities 
serving a diversity of geographic areas, giv-ing priority to entities serving greater num-bers or percentages of disadvantaged chil-dren; and 
(2) develop or enhance comprehensive lit-
eracy instruction plans that ensure high- quality instruction and effective strategies in reading and writing for children from early childhood education through grade 12, including English learners and children with disabilities. 
(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the amounts re-
served to carry out this subpart for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
(1) not more than a total of 5 percent for 
national activities including a national eval-uation, technical assistance and training, data collection, and reporting; 
(2) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior to carry out a program de-scribed in this subpart at schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
(3) one-half of 1 percent for the outlying 
areas to carry out a program under this sub-part. 
(c) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant awarded 
under this subpart shall be for a period of not more than 5 years total. Such grant may be renewed for an additional 2-year period upon the termination of the initial period of the grant if the grant recipient demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that— 
(1) the State has made adequate progress; 
and 
(2) renewing the grant for an additional 2- 
year period is necessary to carry out the ob-jectives of the grant described in subsection (d). 
(d) S
TATE APPLICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agen-
cy desiring a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require. The State educational agency shall collaborate with the State agency responsible for administering early childhood education programs and the State agency responsible for administering child care programs in the State in writing and implementing the early childhood education portion of the grant application under this subsection. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application described in 
paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(A) A needs assessment that analyzes lit-
eracy needs across the State and in high- need schools and local educational agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:05 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.137 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8583 November 30, 2015 
that serve high-need schools, including iden-
tifying the most significant gaps in literacy proficiency and inequities in student access to effective teachers of literacy, considering each of the subgroups of students, as defined in [section 1111(c)(1)]. 
(B) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency, in collaboration with the State literacy team, if applicable, will de-velop a State comprehensive literacy in-struction plan or will revise and update an already existing State comprehensive lit-eracy instruction plan. 
(C) An implementation plan that includes 
a description of how the State educational agency will carry out the State activities de-scribed in subsection (e). 
(D) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will use implementation grant funds described in subsection (e)(1) for comprehensive literacy instruction programs as follows: 
(i) Not less than 15 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities pertaining to children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
(ii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities, allocated equitably among the grades of kindergarten through grade 5. 
(iii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities, allocated equitably among grades 6 through 12. 
(E) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will give priority in award-ing a subgrant under section 2223 to an eligi-ble entity that— 
(i) serves children from birth through age 5 
who are from families with income levels at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty line; or 
(ii) is a local educational agency serving a 
high number or percentage of high-need schools. 
(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to State educational agencies that will use funds under subsection (f) for evidence- based activities, defined as meeting the re-quirements of subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of section 8101 (23)(A)(i). 
(f) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agen-
cy receiving a grant under this section shall use not less than 95 percent of such grant funds to award subgrants to eligible entities, based on their needs assessment and a com-petitive application process. 
(2) R
ESERVATION .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this section may reserve not more than 5 percent for ac-tivities identified through the needs assess-ment and comprehensive literacy plan de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sub-section (d)(2), including the following activi-ties: 
(A) Providing technical assistance, or en-
gaging qualified providers to provide tech-nical assistance, to eligible entities to en-able the eligible entities to design and imple-ment literacy programs. 
(B) Coordinating with institutions of high-
er education in the State to provide rec-ommendations to strengthen and enhance pre-service courses for students preparing to teach children from birth through grade 12 in explicit, systematic, and intensive instruc-tion in evidence-based literacy methods. 
(C) Reviewing and updating, in collabora-
tion with teachers and institutions of higher education, State licensure or certification standards in the area of literacy instruction in early education through grade 12. 
(D) Making publicly available, including 
on the State educational agency’s website, information on promising instructional prac-
tices to improve child literacy achievement. 
(E) Administering and monitoring the im-
plementation of subgrants by eligible enti-ties. 
(3) A
DDITIONAL USES .—After carrying out 
the activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2), a State educational agency may use any remaining amount to carry out 1 or more of the following activities: 
(A) Developing literacy coach training pro-
grams and training literacy coaches. 
(B) Administration and evaluation of ac-
tivities carried out under this subpart. 
SEC. 2223. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES IN 
SUPPORT OF BIRTH THROUGH KIN-DERGARTEN ENTRY LITERACY. 
(a) S UBGRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agen-
cy receiving a grant under this subpart shall, in consultation with the State agencies re-sponsible for administering early childhood education programs and services, including the State agency responsible for admin-istering child care programs, and, if applica-ble, the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care designated or established pursuant to section 642B(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)(1)(A)(i)), use a portion of the grant funds, in accordance with section 2402(d)(2)(D)(i), to award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to en-able the eligible entities to support high- quality early literacy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
(2) D
URATION .—The term of a subgrant 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
(3) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—Each 
subgrant awarded under this section shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligi-ble entity to carry out high-quality early lit-eracy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible enti-
ty desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency, at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the State educational agency may re-quire. Such application shall include a de-scription of— 
(1) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
enhance the language and literacy develop-ment and school readiness of children, from birth through kindergarten entry, in early childhood education programs, which shall include an analysis of data that support the proposed use of subgrant funds; 
(2) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
prepare and provide ongoing assistance to staff in the programs, through high-quality professional development; 
(3) how the activities assisted under the 
subgrant will be coordinated with com-prehensive literacy instruction at the kin-dergarten through grade 12 levels; 
(4) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
evaluate the success of the activities as-sisted under the subgrant in enhancing the early language and literacy development of children from birth through kindergarten entry; 
(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the State educational agency shall give priority to an eligible entity that will use funds under subsection (d) to imple-ment evidence-based activities, defined as meeting the requirements of subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of section 8101 (23)(A)(i). 
(d) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible en-
tity that receives a subgrant under this sec-tion shall use the subgrant funds, consistent with the entity’s approved application under subsection (b), to— 
(1) carry out high-quality professional de-
velopment opportunities for early childhood educators, teachers, principals, other school 
leaders, paraprofessionals, specialized in-structional support personnel, and instruc-tional leaders; 
(2) train providers and personnel to develop 
and administer evidence-based early child-hood education literacy initiatives; and 
(3) coordinate the involvement of families, 
early childhood education program staff, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel (as appro-priate), and teachers in literacy development of children served under the subgrant. 
SEC. 2224. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES IN 
SUPPORT OF KINDERGARTEN THROUGH GRADE 12 LITERACY. 
(a) S UBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
(1) S UBGRANTS .—A State educational agen-
cy receiving a grant under this subpart shall use a portion of the grant funds, in accord-ance with clauses (ii) and (iii) of section 2402(d)(2)(D), to award subgrants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to carry out the author-ized activities described in subsections (b) and (c). 
(2) D
URATION .—The term of a subgrant 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
(3) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—A State 
educational agency shall award subgrants under this section of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entities to carry out high-quality comprehensive literacy instruc-tion in each grade level for which the subgrant funds are provided. 
(4) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity 
desiring to receive a subgrant under this sec-tion shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. Such application shall include, for each school that the eligible entity identifies as participating in a subgrant program under this section, the following information: 
(A) A description of the eligible entity’s 
[needs assessment] conducted to identify how subgrant funds will be used to inform and improve comprehensive literacy instruc-tion at the school. 
(B) How the school, the local educational 
agency, or a provider of high-quality profes-sional development will provide ongoing high-quality professional development to all teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate), and other instructional leaders served by the school. 
(C) How the school will identify children in 
need of literacy interventions or other sup-port services. 
(D) An explanation of how the school will 
integrate comprehensive literacy instruction into a well-rounded education. 
(E) A description of how the school will co-
ordinate comprehensive literacy instruction with early childhood education and after- school programs and activities in the area served by the local educational agency. 
(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the State educational agency shall give priority to an eligible entity that will use funds under subsection (c) or (d) to implement evidence-based activities, defined as meeting the requirements of subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of section 8101(23)(A)(i). 
(c) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS FOR KINDER -
GARTEN THROUGH GRADE 5.—An eligible enti-
ty that receives a subgrant under this sec-tion shall use the subgrant funds to carry out the following activities pertaining to children in kindergarten through grade 5: 
(1) Developing and implementing a com-
prehensive literacy instruction plan across content areas for such children that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.138 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8584 November 30, 2015 
(A) serves the needs of all children, includ-
ing children with disabilities and English learners, especially children who are reading or writing below grade level; 
(B) provides intensive, supplemental, ac-
celerated, and explicit intervention and sup-port in reading and writing for children whose literacy skills are below grade level; and 
(C) supports activities that are provided 
primarily during the regular school day but which may be augmented by after-school and out-of-school time instruction. 
(2) Providing high-quality professional de-
velopment opportunities for teachers, lit-eracy coaches, literacy specialists, English as a second language specialists (as appro-priate), principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, school librarians, paraprofessionals, and other program staff. 
(3) Training principals, specialized instruc-
tional support personnel, and other school district personnel to support, develop, ad-minister, and evaluate high-quality kinder-garten through grade 5 literacy initiatives. 
(4) Coordinating the involvement of early 
childhood education program staff, prin-cipals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), special educators, school personnel, and specialized instructional support personnel (as appro-priate) in the literacy development of chil-dren served under this subsection. 
(5) Engaging families and encouraging fam-
ily literacy experiences and practices to sup-port literacy development. 
(d) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS FOR GRADES 6 
THROUGH 12.—An eligible entity that receives 
a subgrant under this section shall use subgrant funds to carry out the following ac-tivities pertaining to children in grades 6 through 12: 
(1) Developing and implementing a com-
prehensive literacy instruction plan de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) for children in grades 6 through 12. 
(2) Training principals, specialized instruc-
tion support personnel, school librarians, and other school district personnel to sup-port, develop, administer, and evaluate high- quality comprehensive literacy instruction initiatives for grades 6 through 12. 
(3) Assessing the quality of adolescent 
comprehensive literacy instruction as part of a well-rounded education. 
(4) Providing time for teachers to meet to 
plan evidence-based adolescent comprehen-sive literacy instruction to be delivered as part of a well rounded education. 
(5) Coordinating the involvement of prin-
cipals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), para-professionals, special educators, specialized instructional support personnel (as appro-priate), and school personnel in the literacy development of children served under this subsection. 
(e) A
LLOWABLE USES.—An eligible entity 
that receives a subgrant under this section may, in addition to carrying out the activi-ties described in subsection (b) or (c), use subgrant funds to carry out the following ac-tivities pertaining to children in kinder-garten through grade 12: 
(1) Recruiting, placing, training, and com-
pensating literacy coaches. 
(2) Connecting out-of-school learning op-
portunities to in-school learning in order to improve the literacy achievement of the children. 
(3) Training families and caregivers to sup-
port the improvement of adolescent literacy. 
(4) Providing for a multitier system of sup-
port. 
(5) Forming a school literacy leadership 
team to help implement, assess, and identify necessary changes to the literacy initiatives 
in 1 or more schools to ensure success. 
(6) Providing time for teachers (and other 
literacy staff, as appropriate, such as school librarians or specialized instructional sup-port personnel) to meet to plan comprehen-sive literacy instruction. 
SEC. 2225. NATIONAL EVALUATION AND INFOR-
MATION DISSEMINATION. 
(a) N ATIONAL EVALUATION .—From funds re-
served under section 2222(b)(1), the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall conduct a national evaluation of the grant and subgrant programs assisted under this subpart. Such evaluation shall include evi-dence-based research that applies rigorous and systematic procedures to obtain valid knowledge relevant to the implementation and effect of the programs and shall directly coordinate with individual State evaluations of the programs’ implementation and im-pact. 
(b) P
ROGRAM IMPROVEMENT .—The Secretary 
shall— 
(1) provide the findings of the evaluation 
conducted under this section to State edu-cational agencies and subgrant recipients for use in program improvement; 
(2) make such findings publicly available, 
including on the websites of the Department and the Institute of Education Sciences; 
(3) submit such findings to the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives; and (4) make publicly avail-able, in a manner consistent with paragraph (2) best practices for implementing evidence- based activities under this subpart, including evidence-based activities that meet the re-quirements of subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of section 8101 (23)(A)(i). 
SEC 2226. [LITERACY PROGRAMS] 
(a) I N GENERAL .—From funds made avail-
able under section 2201(2), the Secretary may award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements, on a competitive basis, to eligi-ble entities for the purposes of promoting lit-eracy programs that support the develop-ment of literacy skills in low-income com-munities, including— 
(1) developing and enhancing effective 
school library programs, which may include providing professional development for school librarians, books, and up-to-date ma-terials to high-need schools; 
(2) early literacy services, including pedi-
atric literacy programs through which, dur-ing well-child visits, medical providers trained in research-based methods of early language and literacy promotion provide de-velopmentally appropriate books and rec-ommendations to parents to encourage them to read aloud to their children starting in in-fancy; and (3) programs that provide high- quality books on a regular basis to children and adolescents from low-income commu-nities to increase reading motivation, per-formance, and frequency. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible en-
tity’ means— 
(A) a local educational agency in which 20 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from fami-lies with an income below the poverty line; 
(B) a consortium of such local educational 
agencies; 
(C) the Bureau of Indian Education; or (D) 
an eligible national nonprofit organization. 
(2) EL
IGIBLE NATIONAL NONPROFIT ORGANI -
ZATION .—The term ‘eligible national non-
profit organization’ means an organization of national scope that— 
(A) is supported by staff, which may in-
clude volunteers, or affiliates at the State and local levels; and (B) demonstrates effec-tiveness or high-quality plans for addressing 
childhood literacy activities for the popu-lation targeted by the grant. 
SEC. 2227. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
Grant funds provided under this part shall 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activities described in this part. 
SUBPART 3 —AMERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS  
EDUCATION  
SEC. 2231. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served by the Secretary under section 2201(3), the Secretary is authorized to carry out an American history and civics education pro-gram to improve— 
(1) the quality of American history, civics, 
and government education by educating stu-dents about the history and principles of the Constitution of the United States, including the Bill of Rights; and (2) the quality of the teaching of American history, civics, and government in elementary schools and sec-ondary schools, including the teaching of traditional American history. 
(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—Of the amount 
reserved under subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary— 
(1) shall use not less than [ lll percent] 
for activities under section 2232; and (2) may use not more than [ lll percent] for activi-
ties under section 2233. 
SEC. 2232. PRESIDENTIAL AND CONGRESSIONAL 
ACADEMIES FOR AMERICAN HIS-TORY AND CIVICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts re-
served under section 2231(b)(1), the Secretary shall award not more than 12 grants, on a competitive basis, to— 
(1) eligible entities to establish Presi-
dential Academies for the Teaching of Amer-ican History and Civics (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Presidential Academies’) in accordance with subsection (e); and (2) eligi-ble entities to establish Congressional Acad-emies for Students of American History and Civics (in this section referred to as the ‘Congressional Academies’) in accordance with subsection (f). 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under subsection (a) shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ under this section means— 
(1) an institution of higher education or 
nonprofit educational organization, museum, library, or research center with dem-onstrated expertise in historical method-ology or the teaching of American history and civics; or (2) a consortium of entities de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
(d) G
RANT TERMS .—Grants awarded to eli-
gible entities under subsection (a) shall be for a term of not more than 5 years. 
(e) P
RESIDENTIAL ACADEMIES .— 
(1) U SEOF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall use the grant funds to establish a Pres-idential Academy that offers a seminar or in-stitute for teachers of American history and civics, which— 
(A) provides intensive professional develop-
ment opportunities for teachers of American history and civics to strengthen such teach-ers’ knowledge of the subjects of American history and civics; 
(B) is led by a team of primary scholars 
and core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
(C) is conducted during the summer or 
other appropriate time; and (D) is of not less than 2 weeks and not more than 6 weeks in duration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:05 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.138 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8585 November 30, 2015 
(2) S ELECTION OF TEACHERS .—Each year, 
each Presidential Academy shall select be-tween 50 and 300 teachers of American his-tory and civics from public or private ele-mentary schools and secondary schools to attend the seminar or institute under para-graph (1). 
(3) T
EACHER STIPENDS .—Each teacher se-
lected to participate in a seminar or insti-tute under this subsection shall be awarded a fixed stipend based on the length of the sem-inar or institute to ensure that such teacher does not incur personal costs associated with the teacher’s participation in the seminar or institute. 
(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that coordinate or align their activities with the National Park Service National Centennial Parks initiative to develop innovative and comprehensive programs using the resources of the National Parks. 
(f) C
ONGRESSIONAL ACADEMIES .— 
(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) shall use the grant funds to establish a Con-gressional Academy that offers a seminar or institute for outstanding students of Amer-ican history and civics, which— 
(A) broadens and deepens such students’ 
understanding of American history and civics; 
(B) is led by a team of primary scholars 
and core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
(C) is conducted during the summer or 
other appropriate time; and (D) is of not less than 2 weeks and not more than 6 weeks in duration. 
(2) SE
LECTION OF STUDENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each year, each Congres-
sional Academy shall select between 100 and 300 eligible students to attend the seminar or institute under paragraph (1). 
(B) E
LIGIBLE STUDENTS .—A student shall be 
eligible to attend a seminar or institute of-fered by a Congressional Academy under this subsection if the student— 
(i) is recommended by the student’s sec-
ondary school principal or other school lead-er to attend the seminar or institute; and 
(ii) will be a junior or senior in the aca-
demic year following attendance at the sem-inar or institute. 
(3) S
TUDENT STIPENDS .—Each student se-
lected to participate in a seminar or insti-tute under this subsection shall be awarded a fixed stipend based on the length of the sem-inar or institute to ensure that such student does not incur personal costs associated with the student’s participation in the seminar or institute. 
(g) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives funds under subsection (a) shall pro-vide, toward the cost of the activities as-sisted under the grant, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 100 percent of the amount of the grant. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive all 
or part of the matching requirement de-scribed in paragraph (1) for any fiscal year for an eligible entity if the Secretary deter-mines that applying the matching require-ment would result in serious hardship or an inability to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (e) or (f). 
SEC. 2233. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to promote new and existing evidence- based strategies to encourage innovative American history, civics and government, and geography instruction, learning strate-gies, and professional development activities and programs for teachers, principals, and other school leaders, particularly such in-struction, strategies, activities, and pro-
grams that benefit low-income students and underserved populations. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—From the amounts re-
served by the Secretary under section 2231(b)(2), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities for the purposes of expanding, developing, implementing, evaluating, and dissemi-nating for voluntary use, innovative, evi-dence-based approaches or professional de-velopment programs in American history, civics and government, and geography, which— 
(1) shall— (A) show potential to improve the quality 
of student achievement in, and teaching of, American history, civics and government, or geography, in elementary and secondary schools; and 
(B) demonstrate innovation, scalability, 
accountability, and a focus on underserved populations; and 
(2) may include— (A) Hands-on civic engagement activities 
for teachers and students; and 
(B) programs that educate students about 
the history and principles of the Constitu-tion of the United States, including the Bill of Rights. 
(c) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a 
grant awarded under this section for 1 addi-tional 2–year period. 
(3) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to receive a 
grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
(e) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means an institution of higher education or other nonprofit or for- profit organization with demonstrated exper-tise in the development of evidence-based ap-proaches with the potential to improve the quality of American history, civics and gov-ernment, or geography learning and teach-ing. 
SUBPART 4 —PROGRAMS OF NATIONAL  
SIGNIFICANCE  
SEC. 2241. FUNDING ALLOTMENT. 
From the funds reserved under section 
2201(4), the Secretary— 
(1) shall use not less than [40 percent] to 
carry out activities under section 2242; and 
(2) shall use not less than [40 percent] to 
carry out activities under section 2243; 
(3) shall use not less than [ ll percent] to 
carry out activities under section 2244; and 
(4) may reserve up to [ ll percent] of such 
funds to carry out activities under section 2245. 
SEC. 2242. SUPPORTING EFFECTIVE EDUCATOR 
DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
by the Secretary under section 2241(1), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities for the pur-poses of— 
(1) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders from nontraditional preparation and certification routes or path-ways to serve in traditionally underserved local educational agencies; (2) providing evidence-based professional 
development activities that addresses lit-eracy, numeracy, remedial, or other needs of local educational agencies and the students the agencies serve; 
(3) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with professional devel-opment activities that enhance or enable the provision of postsecondary coursework through dual or concurrent enrollment and early college high school settings across a local educational agency. 
(4) making freely available services and 
learning opportunities to local educational agencies, through partnerships and coopera-tive agreements or by making the services or opportunities publicly accessible through electronic means; or 
(5) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with evidence-based pro-fessional enhancement activities, which may include activities that lead to an advanced credential. 
(b) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a 
grant awarded under this section for 1 addi-tional 2-year period. 
(3) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award more than 1 grant under this section to an eligible entity during a grant competi-tion. 
(c) C
OST-SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this section shall pro-vide, from non-Federal sources, not less than 25 percent of the funds for the total cost for each year of activities carried out under this subsection. 
(2) A
CCEPTABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—An eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this section may meet the requirement of para-graph (1) by providing contributions in cash or in kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, and services. 
(3) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive or 
modify the requirement of paragraph (1) in cases of demonstrated financial hardship. 
(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to receive a 
grant under this section, an eligible entity 
shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and as the Secretary may reasonably require. Such ap-plication shall include, at a minimum, a cer-tification that the services provided by an el-igible entity under the grant to a local edu-cational agency or to a school served by the local educational agency will not result in direct fees for participating students or par-ents. 
(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to an eligible entity who will imple-ment evidence-based activities, defined as meeting the requirements of subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of section 8101 (23)(A)(i). 
(f) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this 
section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
(1) an institution of higher education that 
provides course materials or resources that are evidence-based in increasing academic achievement, graduation rates, or rates of postsecondary education matriculation; 
(2) a national nonprofit entity with a dem-
onstrated record of raising student academic achievement, graduation rates, and rates of higher education attendance, matriculation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.151 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8586 November 30, 2015 
or completion, or of effectiveness in pro-
viding preparation and professional develop-ment activities and programs for teachers, principals, and other school leaders; 
(3) the Bureau of Indian Education; or (4) a partnership consisting of— (A) 1 or more entities described in para-
graph (1) or (2); and 
(B) a for-profit entity. 
SEC. 2243. SCHOOL LEADER RECRUITMENT AND 
SUPPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
under section 2241(2) the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eli-gible entities to enable such entities to im-prove the recruitment, preparation, place-ment, support, and retention of effective principals and other school leaders in high- need schools, which may include— 
(1) developing or implementing leadership 
training programs designed to prepare and support principals and other school leaders in high-need schools, including through new or alternative pathways or school leader residency programs; 
(2) developing or implementing programs 
or activities for recruiting, selecting, and de-veloping aspiring or current principals and other school leaders to serve in high-need schools; 
(3) developing or implementing programs 
for recruiting, developing, and placing school leaders to improve schools identified for intervention and support under [section 1114(a)(1)(A)], including through cohort- based activities that build effective instruc-tional and school leadership teams and de-velop a school culture, design, instructional program, and professional development pro-gram focused on improving student learning; 
(4) providing continuous professional de-
velopment for principals and other school leaders in high-need schools; 
(5) developing and disseminating informa-
tion on best practices and strategies for ef-fective school leadership in high-need schools, such as training and supporting principals to identify, develop, and maintain school leadership teams using various lead-ership models; and 
(6) other evidence-based programs or ac-
tivities described in section 2101(c)(3) or sec-tion 2103(b)(3) focused on principals and other school leaders in high-need schools. 
(b) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a 
grant awarded under this section for 1 addi-tional 2–year period. 
(3) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award more than 1 grant under this section to an eligible entity during a grant competi-tion. 
(c) C
OST-SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this section shall pro-vide, from non-Federal sources, not less than 25 percent of the funds for the total cost for each year of activities carried out under this section. 
(2) A
CCEPTABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—An eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this section may meet the requirement of para-graph (1) by providing contributions in cash or in-kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, and services. (3) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive or 
modify the requirement of paragraph (1) in cases of demonstrated financial hardship. 
(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity that 
desires a grant under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, and in such manner, as the Sec-retary may require. 
(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to an eligible entity — 
(1) with a record of preparing or developing 
principals who— 
(A) have improved school-level student 
outcomes; 
(B) have become principals in high-need 
schools; and 
(C) remain principals in high-need schools 
for multiple years; and 
(2) who will implement evidence-based ac-
tivities, defined as meeting the requirements of subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of section 8101 (23)(A)(i). 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— (A) a local educational agency, including 
an educational service agency, that serves a high-need school or a consortium of such agencies; 
(B) a State educational agency or a consor-
tium of such agencies; 
(C) a State educational agency in partner-
ship with 1 or more local educational agen-cies or educational service agencies that serve a high-need school; 
(D) the Bureau of Indian Education; or (E) an entity described in subparagraph 
(A), (B), (C), or (D) in partnership with 1 or more nonprofit organizations or institutions of higher education; and 
(2) the term ‘high-need school’ means— (A) an elementary school in which not less 
than 50 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the pov-erty line; or 
(B) a secondary school in which not less 
than 40 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the pov-erty line. 
SEC. 2244. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND NA-
TIONAL EVALUATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
under section 2241(3), the Secretary— 
(1) shall establish, in a manner consistent 
with section 203 of the Educational Tech-nical Assistance Act of 2002, a comprehensive center on students at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability that meets the purposes of subsection (b); and 
(2) may— (A) provide technical assistance, which 
may be carried out directly or through grants or contracts, to States and local edu-cational agencies carrying out activities under this part; and 
(B) carry out evaluations of activities by 
States and local educational agencies under this part, which shall be conducted by a third party or by the Institute of Education Sciences. 
(b) P
URPOSES .— The comprehensive center 
established by the Secretary under sub-section (a)(1) shall— 
(1) identify or develop free or low-cost evi-
dence-based assessment tools for identifying students at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting reading and writing, or develop-mental delay impacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehension, or ex-ecutive functioning; 
(2) identify evidence-based literacy in-
struction, strategies, and accommodations, including assistive technology, designed to meet the specific needs of such students; 
(3) provide families of such students with 
information to assist such students; (4) identify or develop evidence-based pro-
fessional development for teachers, para-professionals, principals, other school lead-ers, and specialized instructional support personnel to— 
(A) understand early indicators of students 
at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia im-pacting reading and writing, or develop-mental delay impacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehension, or ex-ecutive functioning; 
(B) use evidence-based screening assess-
ments for early identification of such stu-dents beginning not later than kindergarten; and 
(C) implement evidence-based instruction 
designed to meet the specific needs of such students; and 
(5) disseminate the products of the com-
prehensive center to regionally diverse State educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, regional educational agencies, and schools, including, as appropriate, through partnerships with other comprehensive cen-ters established under section 203 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 and regional educational laboratories established under section 174 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002. 
SEC. 2245. STEM MASTER TEACHER CORPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
under section 2241(4) for a fiscal year, the Secretary may award grants to— 
(1) State educational agencies to enable 
such agencies to support the development of a Statewide STEM master teacher corps; or 
(2) State educational agencies or nonprofit 
organizations in partnership with State edu-cational agencies to support the implemen-tation, replication, or expansion of effective science, technology, engineering and mathe-matics professional development programs in schools across the state through collabo-ration with school administrators, principals and STEM educators. 
(b) S
TEMMASTER TEACHER CORPS .—For the 
purposes of this section, the term ‘STEM master teacher corps’ means a State-led ef-fort to elevate the status of the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teaching profession by recognizing, reward-ing, attracting, and retaining outstanding science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics teachers, particularly in high-need and rural schools, by— 
(1) selecting candidates to be master teach-
ers in the corps on the basis of— 
(A) content knowledge based on a screen-
ing examination; and 
(B) pedagogical knowledge of and success 
in teaching; 
(2) offering such teachers opportunities 
to— 
(A) work with one another in scholarly 
communities; 
(B) participate in and lead high-quality 
professional development; and 
(3) providing such teachers with additional 
appropriate and substantial compensation for the work described in paragraph (2) and in the master teacher community. 
55. The Senate bill authorizes 40 percent of 
funds for activities under (c) and 40 percent of funds for activities under (d). 
SR 56. The Senate bill authorizes a com-
prehensive center related to students at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability as part of the technical assistance and national evaluation required set aside. 
See note 54. 57. The Senate bill includes subsection (c) 
which provides a national competitive grant program for programs of national signifi-cance using the 40 percent of funds reserved in note 55. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.152 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8587 November 30, 2015 
See note 54. 
58. The Senate bill includes (d) which is a 
national competitive grant program for prin-cipal and school leader recruitment and sup-port using the 40 percent of funds reserved in note 55. 
See note 54. 59. The Senate bill includes supplement not 
supplant provision for Part A. The House amendment includes a supplement not sup-plant provision for all of Title II in section 2403. 2See note 69. 
SR 60. The House amendment includes section 
for state definition, which is included in an identical way in the Senate bill in note 10. 
LC 61. The House amendment includes lan-
guage to prohibit funding for local or state educational agencies who knowingly transfer employees who engaged in sexual mis-conduct with a student. The Senate bill in-cludes language addressing employee trans-fers in Title IX. 
HR 62. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different Part Bs. The Senate bill in-cludes national competitive grant program to develop and improve performance-based compensation systems or human capital management systems. The House amend-ment includes a formula grant program to SEAs, which is then subgranted competi-tively to LEAs and other entities, regarding innovative practices for teachers and school leaders. 
See note 54. 63. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, authorizes a Teacher and School Leader Flexible Grant. 
HR 64. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different Part C. 
See note 54. 65. The Senate bill part C includes pro-
grams for American History and Civics Edu-cation, Teaching of Traditional American History, Presidential and Congressional Academies for American History and Civics, and a national competitive grant program for innovative approaches to American His-tory, Civics, Government and Geography in-struction. 
See note 54. 
66. House amendment includes edits to 
Part C that are similar to edits provided for in section 2001 of Senate bill Title II. House amendment strikes sections 2361 and 2368. Changes ‘‘principal’’ to ‘‘school leader’’. 
HR 67. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have a different Part D. The Senate bill Part D authorizes a comprehensive literacy pro-gram. The House amendment Part D is gen-eral provisions for Title II. See note 69. 
See note 54. 68. The Senate bill includes Part E author-
izing a grant program for STEM education and a report on cybersecurity education. 
SR 69. The Senate bill includes general provi-
sions in Part F. House amendment includes general provisions in Part D. The general provisions are not the same. 
LC 70. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a rule of construction. 
HR 71. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, has a provision about the inclusion of charter schools. 
HR 72. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes parents right to know in Title II. 
HR 73. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a supplement, not supplant for the entire Title II. SR 
TITLE III—ENGLISH LEARNERS NOTES 
1. Senate maintains this program in Title 
III and the House amendment moves the pro-gram to subpart 4 of Title I. 
HR 2. Senate bill and House Amendment iden-
tical in these changes except for different lo-cations in bill. 
LC 3. The Senate bill authorizes such sums 
through 2021. The House amendment author-izes a 4.6 percent set-aside of the Title 1 au-thorization, which equals $747,277,000 each year through 2019. See note 13. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘such 
sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and insert ‘‘$756,332,450 for fiscal year 2017, $769,568,267 for fiscal year 2018, $784,959,633 for fiscal year 2019, $884,959,633 for fiscal year 2020’’ 
4. Senate bill and House amendment have 
slightly different wording in (2). 
HR 5. The Senate bill includes ‘‘challenging’’ 
before State academic standards. 
HR 6. The Senate bill includes ‘‘early child-
hood educators, teachers, principals and other school leaders’’ in (3) and (4). 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
‘‘to assist teachers, including preschool teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers’’ 
7. The House amendment includes 
‘‘schools’’ in (3). 
SR 8. The House amendment refers to ‘‘high- 
quality, flexible, evidence-based’’ language instruction educational programs in (3), while the Senate bill describes such pro-grams as effective. 
HR 9. The House amendment refers to ‘‘high- 
quality, evidence-based’’ instructional pro-grams in (4), while the Senate bill describes such programs as ‘‘effective.’’. 
HR 10. The Senate bill includes families in two 
places as participants in language instruc-tion educational programs. The House amendment does not. 
HR 11. Senate bill adds a purpose of the pro-
gram to provide incentives to improve the instruction and achievement of English learners. The House amendment has no such provision. 
SR 12. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section headers. 
HR 13. The House amendment provides for a 4.6 
percent reservation of Title I authorized amount to fund grants and subgrants for English language acquisition. See note 3 
HR 14. The House amendment cites different 
sections to reflect its transfer of the pro-gram to Title I. 
LC 15. House amendment strikes ‘‘one or more 
of’’ when referring to the activities for which a State may use reserved funds. 
HR 16. The Senate bill allows States to use 
funds to implement standardized statewide entrance and exit procedures. The House contains no such provision. 
HR 17. Senate bill (B) and House amendment 
(A) have similar intent but the wording var-ies slightly. The Senate bill includes teach-ers and principals in professional develop-ment, preparation, and other activities. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘evidence- 
based’’ and insert ‘‘effective’’ 18. The Senate uses ‘‘effective’’ when ref-
erencing activities in clause (ii) while House uses ‘‘evidence-based’’. 
HR 19. Senate bill (C) and House amendment 
(B) are identical other than having different subparagraph assignments. 
LC 20. Senate bill (D) and House amendment 
(C) are similar but have slight variations in wording. Senate uses ‘‘effective’’ where House uses ‘‘evidence-based’’ in clause (i). 
HR 20a. The Senate bill adds that funding can 
be used to identify and implement programs in early childhood settings in (i). 
SR 21. The Senate bill adds ‘‘in programs that 
serve English learners’’ at end of (iv). 
HR 22. Senate bill (E) allows funding to be used 
to provide recognition to effective programs meeting annual goals for progress in English proficiency. The House amendment (D) refers to recognition for reaching full English pro-ficiency. 
SR with an amendment to read as follows: 
(D) Providing recognition, which may in-
clude providing financial awards, to sub-grantees that have significantly improved the achievement and progress of English learners in meeting— 
(i) the State-designed long term goals, in-
cluding measurements of interim progress towards meeting such goals, established under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(ii) based on the State’s English language proficiency assess-ment under section 1111(b)(2)(F); and 
(ii) the challenging State academic stand-
ards under section 1111(b)(1). 
23. Senate bill adds ‘‘direct’’ before admin-
istrative expenses. See note 61. 
HR 24. The House amendment reduces the ad-
ministrative expenses cap to 40 percent, while the Senate bill maintains current law at 60 percent. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘40 per-
cent’’ and insert ‘‘50 percent’’ 
25. The House amendment strikes subpara-
graph (A) of current law. 
HR 26. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different section references. 
LC 27. The House amendment requires the use 
of American Community Survey or state data for (i) and the American Community Survey for (ii). The Senate bill refers to the data used in paragraph (3) See note 30. 
LC 28. The Senate bill allows the Secretary to 
make a State’s allotment available on a competitive basis to specially qualified agen-cies within the State if such State does not submit a satisfactory plan. The House amendment reallots based on subparagraph (A). 
HR 29. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different structures (i) v. (A) and have different citations because of respective bill structures. 
LC 30. The Senate bill includes paragraph 
(3)(B), which mirrors provision in House amendment (c)(2)(A)(ii) (see note 27). 
LC 
31. The House amendment strikes section 
3112 of current law. 
HR 32. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers and titles to reflect different bill structures. 
LC 33. House amendment strikes ‘‘specially 
qualified agency’’ See note 28. 
HR 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.154 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8588 November 30, 2015 
33a. The House amendment strikes and 
‘‘containing such information’’. The Senate bill adds ‘‘reasonably’’. 
SR 34. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section references. 
LC 35. The Senate bill requires State agency 
plans to describe how the agency will estab-lish and implement standardized, statewide entrance and exit procedures. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
HR 36. The Senate bill (3)(A) is nearly identical 
to House amendment (2)(A) except House adds ‘‘consecutive’’ before years. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘consecu-
tive’’ before ‘‘years’’ 
37. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 38. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 39. The Senate bill (3)(D) and (E) are nearly 
identical to House amendment (2)(D) and (E) except the Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ where the House amendment uses ‘‘high quality, evidence-based’’ to refer to language instruc-tion educational programs. 
HR 40. The Senate bill adds ‘‘challenging’’ and 
a cross-reference when referring to stand-ards. 
HR 41. In (F), Senate bill refers to ‘‘each eligi-
ble’’ and House amendment refers to ‘‘the el-igible’’. 
HR 42. In (G), Senate bill adds ‘‘of English 
learners’’ after parents. 
HR 43. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are nearly identical except the Senate refers to ‘‘subpart’’ in (4) where House uses ‘‘chap-ter’’ in (3). 
LC 44. The Senate bill includes ‘‘each’’ before 
eligible in (5) and the House amendment makes ‘‘entity’’ plural and includes ‘‘in the State’’ in (4). 
HR 45. The Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ where 
the House amendment uses ‘‘evidence-based’’ to refer to language instruction curriculum. 
HR 46. The Senate bill requires the agency to 
describe how it will assist eligible entities in meeting timelines and goals for progress and references the accountability structure in Title I for English language proficiency (which replaces the annual measurable achievement objective system in current law), as well as the challenging academic standards. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
(6) describe how the agency will assist eli-
gible entities in meeting— 
(A) the State-designed long term goals, in-
cluding measurements of interim progress towards meeting such goals, established under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(ii) based on the State’s English language proficiency assess-ment under section 1111(b)(2)(F); and 
(B) the challenging State academic stand-
ards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
47. The Senate bill requires a description of 
how the agency will assist eligible entities in decreasing the number of English learners who have not reached proficiency in 5 years. The House amendment refers to English lan-guage acquisition generally. 
HR/SR to strike House paragraph (5) and 
Senate paragraph (7) 
48. The Senate bill requires the agency to 
ensure that the needs of immigrant children and youth are being addressed. The House amendment does not include this provision. HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘ensure 
that’’ and all that follows and insert ‘‘meet the unique needs of children and youth in the state being served through the reserva-tion of funds under section 3114’’ 
49. The Senate bill requires agencies to 
monitor and evaluate eligible entities’ progress in meeting timelines and goals for English proficiency and requires the State to describe the steps it will take to assist eligi-ble entities if strategies are not effective. The House amendment includes no such pro-vision. 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
(9) describe how the agency will monitor 
the progress of each eligible entity receiving funds under this subpart in helping English learners achieve English proficiency and the steps the State will take to further assist el-igible entities if such strategies funded under this part are not effective, such as pro-viding technical assistance and modifying such strategies.’; 
50. The House amendment strikes ‘‘spe-
cially qualified agency,’’. 
HR 50a. The House amendment refers to ‘‘sub-
part’’ in (1)(B), while the Senate bill refers to ‘‘part,’’ to reflect different bill structures. 
LC 51. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 52. The House amendment adds ‘‘by the 
state’’ after requested. 
SR 53. House amendment adds ‘‘in a timely 
manner’’ after allocating. 
SR 53a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 54. The Senate bill strikes ‘‘preceding the 
fiscal year’’ to refer to the percentage or number of immigrant children and youth en-rolled in public and nonpublic schools. 
HR 55. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references and have dif-ferent bill structures. 
LC 56. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different sections reflective of respec-tive bill structures. 
LC 57. The Senate bill includes ‘‘challenging’’ 
before State academic standards and ref-erences section 1111. 
HR 58. Senate uses ‘‘effective’’ where the 
House amendment uses ‘‘evidence-based’’ to describe approaches and methodologies for teaching English learners. 
HR 59. The Senate bill includes ‘‘programs’’ 
after early childhood education and the House amendment has ‘‘programs of’’ before ‘‘early childhood education.’’ 
HR 
60. House amendment includes ‘‘evidence- 
based’’ to describe activities to expand or en-hance language instruction educational pro-grams. 
HR 61. The Senate bill includes ‘‘direct’’ to de-
scribe administrative expenses. See note 23. 
HR 61a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section references. 
LC 62. The Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ and 
‘‘based on high-quality research’’ where the House amendment uses ‘‘high-quality, evi-dence-based’’ to describe language instruc-tion educational programs. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘are 
based on high-quality research dem-onstrating’’ and insert ‘‘demonstrate’’ 63. The Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ where 
the House amendment uses ‘‘high-quality, evidence-based’’ to describe professional de-velopment. 
HR 63a. The Senate bill includes ‘‘principals’’ 
in such development. 
HR 64. The Senate bill includes ‘‘such’’ before 
teachers and ‘‘principals’’ as well as ‘‘appro-priate’’ before curricula in (B). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘appro-
priate’’ 
65. Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ where the 
House amendment uses ‘‘evidence-based’’ in (C). 
HR 66. The House amendment requires sub-
grantees to provide and implement other ac-tivities, including parental and community engagement, while the Senate bill only ref-erences parent, family and community en-gagement. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘evidence- 
based activities’’ and all that follows, and in-sert ‘‘effective activities and strategies that enhance or supplement language instruc-tional programs for English learners, which— (A) shall include parent, family, and commu-nity engagement activities; and (B) may in-clude strategies that serve to coordinate and align related programs.’’ 
67. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 
68. The Senate bill authorizes eligible enti-
ties to provide to English learners bilingual paraprofessionals, which may include inter-preters and translators. The House amend-ment does not include such a provision. 
HR with an amendment to strike (B) and 
(C) and insert (B) ‘‘intensified instruction, which may include materials in a language that the student can understand, inter-preters, and translators’’ 
69. The Senate bill includes ‘‘effective pre-
school’’ in (4). 
HR 70. The Senate bill includes ‘‘and family’’ 
before outreach in (6). 
HR 71. The Senate bill includes ‘‘including 
English learners with a disability’’ in (7). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘includ-
ing’’ and insert ‘‘which may include’’ 
71a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different references. 
HR/SR with an amendment to redesignate 
paragraph (8) as paragraph (9) and insert the following: 
(8) Offering early college high school or 
dual or concurrent enrollment courses or programs designed to help English learners achieve success in postsecondary education.’’ 
72. Senate bill includes ‘‘and family’’ be-
fore outreach and ‘‘and families’’ after par-ents in (A). 
HR 73. Senate bill includes ‘‘recruitment of’’ 
and ‘‘early childhood educators, teachers’’ before paraprofessionals in (B). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘early 
childhood educators,’’ and insert ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘teachers.’’ 
74. The House amendment includes ‘‘devel-
opment’’ after identification and ‘‘awarded’’ before funds in (D). 
SR 75. The Senate bill and House amendment 
switch the placement if ‘‘immigrant children and youth’’ and ‘‘in the local educational agency.’’ 
LC 76. The Senate bill and House amendment 
nearly identical except for slight wording difference in (F). 
HR 77. The Senate bill includes ‘‘and families’’ 
after parents in (G). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:51 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.155 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8589 November 30, 2015 
HR 
78. The House amendment and Senate bill 
use different cross references. 
LC 79. The Senate bill adds ‘‘effective’’ before 
instruction and ‘‘challenging’’ before State academic standards and a reference to sec-tion 1111. 
HR 80. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that the selection of a method of instruction is consistent with re-quirements on instructional programs under sections 3124 and 3126.. 
HR 80a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different references 
LC 81. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 82. The Senate bill includes ‘‘challenging’’ 
before State academic standards and ref-erences section 1111. 
HR 83. The House amendment uses ‘‘evidence- 
based’’ where the Senate bill uses ‘‘high- quality’’ to describe programs and activities to be developed. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘evidence- 
based’’ and insert ‘‘effective’’ and insert ‘‘, in-cluding language instruction educational programs,’’ after ‘‘activities’’ 
84. The Senate bill requires that eligible 
entities describe how they will ensure ele-mentary and secondary schools assist English learners in meeting annual timelines and goals for progress and the challenging academic standards described in Title I. The House amendment requires a description of how the eligible entity will hold schools ac-countable for annually assessing the English proficiency of English learners. 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
(2) describe how the eligible entity will en-
sure that elementary schools and secondary schools receiving funds under this subpart assist English learners in— 
(A) achieving English proficiency based on 
the State’s English language proficiency as-sessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G) con-sistent with the State’s long-term goals, as described in section 1111(c)(4)(A)(ii) and 
(B) meeting the challenging State aca-
demic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
85. The Senate bill includes ‘‘family’’ after 
parent in (3). 
HR 86. The House amendment requires an as-
surance that the eligible entity consulted with various stakeholders in developing the plan. The Senate bill contains similar lan-guage in (5)(D) See note 92. 
HR 87. The Senate bill includes ‘‘demonstrate 
such proficiency through academic content mastery’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike Senate 
paragraph (4) and House paragraph (5) 
88. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different section numbers. 
LC 89. The Senate bill includes ‘‘will continue 
to comply with such section throughout each school year for which the grant is received’’ in (A). 
SR 90. The Senate bill requires an assurance 
that the eligible entity ‘‘complies with’’ State laws, while the House amendment re-quires the eligible entity ‘‘is not in viola-tion’’ with any State law. 
SR 90a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different structures. 
LC 91. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance that the eligible entity has based its plan on high- 
quality research. 
SR 92. The Senate bill includes similar lan-
guage to paragraph (4) in the House amend-ment. See note 86. 
HR 93. The Senate bill includes an assurance 
that the eligible entity will, if applicable, co-ordinate activities and share relevant data with early childhood education providers. The House amendment contains no such pro-vision. 
HR 94. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 94a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different sections references. 
LC 95. House amendment includes ‘‘including 
how such programs and activities supple-mented programs funded primarily with State or local funds’’ at end of (1). 
SR 96. The Senate bill includes reporting on 
the number and percentage of English learn-ers who meet the annual State-determined goals for progress established under section 1111. The House amendment requires report-ing on progress made in learning English and meeting state standards. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘meet the 
annual State-determined goals for progress established under section 1111(c)(4)(A)(ii)(1)(K)’’ and subparagraph (A) and insert ‘‘are making progress towards achieving English language proficiency as described in section 1111(c)(4)(A)(ii),’’ before ‘‘including disaggregated’’ 
97. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires disaggregation by long- term English learners and English learners with disability. 
See note 96. 98. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 99. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar in (4). The Senate bill includes the percentage of English learners, in addi-tion to the number. 
HR 100. The House amendment includes 
‘‘transitioned to classrooms not tailored for English learners’’. 
HR 101. The Senate bill makes includes ‘‘chal-
lenging’’ before State academic standards. 
HR 102. The Senate requires reporting for four 
years after the child stops receiving services, while the House amendment requires report-ing for two years. 
HR 103. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, disaggregates data by long-term English learners and English learners with a disability. 
HR with an amendment to strike subpara-
graph (A) and insert the following: 
(5) the number and percentage of English 
learners meeting challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1) for each of the 4 years after such children are no longer receiving services under this part, in-cluding disaggregated, at a minimum, by— 
(A) English learners with a disability; 104. The House amendment includes ‘‘first 
enrollment in the local educational agency’’ in (6). 
SR 105. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different titles. 
LC 106. The House amendment requires that 
the report is used to determine the effective-ness of programs in assisting English learn-ers, and to decide how to improve programs. 
The Senate bill includes no such provision. 
HR 107. The Senate bill includes a special rule 
stating that specially qualified agencies shall provide such report to the Secretary. The House amendment includes no such pro-vision. 
HR 108. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers and titles. 
LC 109. The House amendment makes this re-
port annual, while the Senate bill requires the report every second year. 
HR 110. The House amendment strikes ‘‘lim-
ited English proficient’’ and uses ‘‘English learners’’ at end of (b)(2). 
SR 111. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 112. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 113. The House amendment strikes ‘‘lim-
ited English proficient’’ and uses ‘‘English learners’’ at end of (b)(5). 
SR 
114. The Senate bill requires the report to 
contain the findings of the evaluation re-lated to English learners under section 9601. The House amendment includes no such pro-vision. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘the most 
recent evaluation’’ before ‘‘related to English learners’’ 
115. The Senate bill (8) strikes ‘‘classrooms 
where instruction is not tailored for English learners’’. 
HR 116. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different bill structures. 
LC 117. The House amendment requires the 
Secretary to report to Congress on parallel Federal programs. The Senate bill includes no such provision. 
SR 118. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different section numbers. 
LC 119. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different section numbers. 
LC 120. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 121. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 122. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 123. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 124. The Senate bill uses ‘‘entities’’ where 
House amendment uses ‘‘organizations’’ after public or private. 
HR 125. The Senate bill allows grants to be 
made for ‘‘capacity building, or evidence- based activities,’’ in addition to professional development. 
SR 126. The Senate bill includes ‘‘inservice’’. HR 127. The Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ where 
the House amendment uses ‘‘evidence-based’’ to describe professional development pro-grams. 
HR 128. The Senate bill includes ‘‘may’’ before 
assist institutions and includes ‘‘and for other activities to increase teachers and school leader effectiveness’’ in (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.157 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8590 November 30, 2015 
SR with an amendment to strike (1) and in-
sert: (1) ‘‘for effective preservice or inservice professional development programs that will improve the qualifications and skills of edu-cational personnel involved in the education of students who are English learners, includ-ing personnel who are not certified or li-censed and educational paraprofessionals, and for other activities to increase teacher and school leader effectiveness in meeting the needs of English learners;’’ 
129. The Senate bill includes ‘‘family’’ after 
parent in (3). 
HR 130. The Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ where 
House uses ‘‘evidence-based’’ to describe practices in the instruction of English learn-ers. 
HR 131. The Senate bill includes ‘‘develop’’ be-
fore share and ‘‘such as through the use of technology-based programs’’ at the end in (4). 
HR 132. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows grants to be awarded for financial assistance and costs to meet cer-tification or licensing requirements for teachers of English learners. 
HR 133. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows grants to be awarded to support school readiness and transitions from early childhood education programs for English learners. 
HR 134. The House amendment adds ‘‘in con-
sortia’’ in the definition of eligible entity. 
SR 135. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition for English Learner with a Disability. 
HR 136. The Senate bill maintains definitions 
of Native American and Native American language, Native Hawaiian or Native Amer-ican Pacific Islander native language edu-cational organization, specially qualified agency, and tribally sanctioned educational authority. The House strikes such defini-tions. 
HR 137. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes definitions for Long- Term English Learner. 
SR 138. The Senate bill makes a technical edit 
to paragraph (13) and the House amendment strikes this definition. 
HR 
139. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 140. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Clearinghouse to collect and disseminate information on the education of and best practices on instruct-ing and serving English learners with a dis-ability. 
HR 141. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes rule of construction that nothing shall authorize the Secretary to hire new personnel. 
SR 142. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes a survey to be con-ducted by the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences and the Secretary of Education on the accuracy of the American Community Survey language items in identi-fying English learners. 
SR 
TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTH STUDENTS 
1. The Senate bill replaces the current law 
Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Commu-nities grant program with the Safe and Healthy Students grant program. The House 
amendment consolidates this program into the Local Academic Flexible Grant. 
HR/SR with amendment to strike and in-
sert new Title IV language to read as follows: 
TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS 
SEC. 4001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
[(a) T ITLE IV.—Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et 
seq.) is amended—] 
[(1) by redesignating subpart 3 of part A as 
subpart 5 of part F of title VIII, as redesig-nated by section 8106(1), and moving that subpart to follow subpart 4 of part F of title VIII, as redesignated by sections 2001 and 8106(1);] 
[(2) by redesignating section 4141 as section 
8561;] 
[(3) by redesignating section 4155 as section 
8537 and moving that section so as to follow section 8536;] 
[(4) by redesignating part C as subpart 6 of 
part F of title VIII, as redesignated by sec-tion 8106(1), and moving that subpart to fol-low subpart 5 of part F of title VIII, as redes-ignated by section 8106(1) and paragraph (1); and] 
[(5) by redesignating sections 4301, 4302, 
4303, and 4304, as sections 8571, 8572, 8573, and 8574, respectively. 
[(b) T
ITLE V.—] 
[(1) T RANSFER AND REDESIGNATION .—Title V 
(20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) is amended—] 
[(A) by striking part A;] [(B) by striking subparts 2 and 3 of part B;] [(C) by striking part D;] [(D) by transferring parts B and C to title 
IV, as amended by subsection (a), and insert-ing after part B of such title, and redesig-nating such sections parts C and D, respec-tively;] 
[(E) in part C, as transferred by subpara-
graph (D), by striking ‘‘Subpart 1—Charter School Programs’’;] 
[(F) by redesignating sections 5201 through 
5211 as sections 4301 through 4311, respec-tively;] 
[(G) by redesignating sections 5301 through 
5307 as sections 4401 through 4407, respec-tively;] 
[(H) by striking sections 5308 and 5310; and] [(I) by redesignating sections 5309 and 5311 
as sections 4408 and 4409, respectively.] 
[(2) R
EPEAL .—Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et 
seq.), as amended by paragraph (1), is re-pealed.] 
SEC. 4002. GRANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Part A of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) is 
amended to read as follows: 
PART A—STUDENT SUPPORT AND 
ACADEMIC ENRICHMENT GRANTS 
SEC. 4101. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this part is to improve stu-
dents’ academic achievement by increasing the capacity of States, local educational agencies, schools, and local communities to— 
(1) provide all students with access to a 
well-rounded education; 
(2) improve school conditions for student 
learning; and 
(3) improve the use of technology in order 
to improve the academic achievement, aca-demic growth, and digital literacy of all stu-dents— 
SEC. 4102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) B
LENDED LEARNING .—The term ‘blended 
learning’ means a formal education program that leverages both technology-based and face-to-face instructional approaches— 
(A) that include an element of online or 
digital learning, combined with supervised learning time, and student-led learning, in which the elements are connected to provide an integrated learning experience; and (B) where students are provided some con-
trol over time, path, or pace. 
(2) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE .—The term 
‘controlled substance’ means a drug or other substance identified under Schedule I, II, III, IV, or V in section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)). 
(3) D
IGITAL LEARNING .—The term ‘digital 
learning’ means any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strength-en a student’s learning experience and en-compasses a wide spectrum of tools and prac-tices, including— 
(A) interactive learning resources, digital 
learning content (which may include openly licensed content), software, or simulations, that engage students in academic content; 
(B) access to online databases and other 
primary source documents; 
(C) the use of data and information to per-
sonalize learning and provide targeted sup-plementary instruction; 
(D) online and computer-based assess-
ments; 
(E) learning environments that allow for 
rich collaboration and communication, which may include student collaboration with content experts and peers; 
(F) hybrid or blended learning, which oc-
curs under direct instructor supervision at a school or other location away from home and, at least in part, through online delivery of instruction with some element of student control over time, place, path, or pace; and 
(G) access to online course opportunities 
for students in rural or remote areas. 
(4) D
RUG.—The term ‘drug’ includes— 
(A) controlled substances; (B) the illegal use of alcohol or tobacco, in-
cluding smokeless tobacco products and elec-tronic cigarettes; and 
(C) the harmful, abusive, or addictive use 
of substances, including inhalants and ana-bolic steroids. 
(5) D
RUG AND VIOLENCE PREVENTION .—The 
term ‘drug and violence prevention’ means— 
(A) with respect to drugs, prevention, early 
intervention, rehabilitation referral, recov-ery support services, or education related to the illegal use of drugs, such as raising awareness about, to the extent a state, in consultation with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, the evidence-based consequences of drug use; and 
(B) with respect to violence, the promotion 
of school safety, such that students and school personnel are free from violent and disruptive acts, including sexual harassment and abuse, and victimization associated with prejudice and intolerance, on school prem-ises, going to and from school, and at school- sponsored activities, through the creation and maintenance of a school environment that is free of weapons and fosters individual responsibility and respect for the rights of others. 
(7) S
CHOOL -BASED MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES  
PROVIDER .—The term ‘school-based mental 
health services provider’ includes a State-li-censed or State-certified school counselor, school psychologist, school social worker, or other State licensed or certified mental health professional qualified under State law to provide mental health services to children and adolescents. 
(8) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
(9) S
TEM-FOCUSED SPECIALTY SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘STEM-focused specialty school’ means a school, or dedicated program within a school, that engages students in rigorous, relevant, and integrated learning experi-ences focused on science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics, including com-puter science, which include authentic schoolwide research. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.130 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8591 November 30, 2015 
SEC. 4103. FORMULA GRANTS TO STATES. 
(a) R ESERVATIONS .—From the total amount 
appropriated under section 4112 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
(1) one-half of 1 percent for allotments for 
the outlying areas to be distributed among those outlying areas on the basis of their rel-ative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this part; 
(2) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
(3) 2 percent for technical assistance and 
capacity building. 
(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
(1) A LLOTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraphs 
(B) and (C), from the amount appropriated to carry out this part that remains after the Secretary makes the reservations under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State having a plan approved under sub-section (c) an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount the State received under subpart 2 of part A of title I for the preceding fiscal year bears to the amount all States received under that subpart for the preceding fiscal year. 
(B) S
MALL STATE MINIMUM .—No State re-
ceiving an allotment under this paragraph shall receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under this para-graph. 
(C) P
UERTO RICO.—The amount allotted 
under this paragraph to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for a fiscal year may not ex-ceed one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under this paragraph. 
(3) R
EALLOTMENT .—If a State does not re-
ceive an allotment under this part for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the re-maining States in accordance with this sub-section. 
(c) S
TATE PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit a plan to the Sec-retary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan submitted by a 
State under this section shall include the following: 
(A) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use funds received under this part for State-level activities. 
(B) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will ensure that awards made to local educational agencies under this part are in amounts that are consistent with [section 4105(a)(2)— 
(C) Assurances that the State educational 
agency will— 
(i) review existing resources and programs 
across the State and will coordinate any new plans and resources under this part with such existing resources and programs; 
(ii) monitor the implementation of activi-
ties under this part and provide technical as-sistance to local educational agencies in car-rying out such activities; and 
(iii) provide for equitable access for all stu-
dents to the activities supported under this part, including aligning those activities with the requirements of other Federal laws. 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that States will provide activities under this part in accordance with the gender equity re-quirements in Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972.’’ 
SEC. 4104. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
(a) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
an allotment under section 4103 shall— 
(1) reserve not less than 95 percent of the 
amount allotted to such State, for each fis-cal year, for allotments to local educational agencies under section 4105; (2) reserve not more than 1 percent of the 
amount allotted to such State, for each fis-cal year, for the administrative costs of car-rying out its responsibilities under this part; and 
(3) use the amount made available to the 
State and not reserved under paragraphs (1) and (2) for activities described in subsection (b). 
(b) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—Each State that re-
ceives an allotment under section 4103 shall use the funds available under subsection (a)(3) for activities and programs designed to meet the purposes of this part, which— 
(1) shall include— 
(A) providing monitoring of, and training, 
technical assistance, and capacity building to, local educational agencies that receive an allotment under section 4104; and 
(B) public reporting on how funds made 
available under this part are being expended by local educational agencies, including the degree to which the local educational agen-cies have made progress toward meeting the objectives and outcomes described in section 4106(e)(1)(E); and 
(2) may include— (A) identifying and eliminating State bar-
riers to the coordination and integration of 
programs, initiatives, and funding streams that meet the purposes of this part, so that local educational agencies can better coordi-nate with other agencies, schools, and com-munity-based services and programs; or 
(B) supporting local educational agencies 
in providing programs and activities that— 
(i) offer well-rounded educational experi-
ences to all students, as described in section 4107, including female students, minority students, English learners, children with dis-abilities, and low-income students who are often underrepresented in critical and en-riching subjects, which may include— 
(I) increasing student access to and im-
proving student engagement and achieve-ment in— 
(aa) high-quality courses in science, tech-
nology, engineering, and mathematics, in-cluding computer science; 
(bb) activities and programs in music and 
the arts; 
(cc) foreign languages; (dd) accelerated learning programs that 
provide— 
(AA) postsecondary level courses accepted 
for credit at institutions of higher education, including dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high schools; or 
(BB) postsecondary level instruction and 
examinations that are accepted for credit at institutions of higher education, including Advanced Placement and International Bac-calaureate programs; 
(ee) American history, civics, economics, 
geography, social studies, or government education; 
(ff) environmental education; or (gg) other courses, activities, and programs 
or other experiences that contribute to a well-rounded education; or 
(II) reimbursing low-income students to 
cover part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examination fees, as described in subclause (I)(dd); 
(ii) foster safe, healthy, supportive, and 
drug-free environments that support student academic achievement, as described in sec-tion 4108, which may include— 
(I) coordinating with any local educational 
agencies or consortia of such agencies imple-menting a youth PROMISE plan to reduce exclusionary discipline, as described in sec-tion 4108(5)(F); 
(II) supporting local educational agencies 
to— 
(aa) implement, to the extent the state de-
termines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidence-based mental health awareness training programs to provide edu-
cation to school personnel regarding re-sources available in the community for stu-dents with mental illnesses and other rel-evant resources relating to mental health or the safe de-escalation of crisis situations in-volving a student with a mental illness; or 
(bb) expand access to or coordinate re-
sources for school-based counseling and men-tal health programs, such as through school- based mental health services partnership programs; 
(III) providing local educational agencies, 
to the extent the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, with evi-dence-based resources addressing ways to in-tegrate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs; and 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that references to health and safety prac-tices for school and athletic programs may include developing plans for concussion safe-ty and recovery practices, cardiac condi-tions, exposure to excessive heat and humid-ity, guidelines for emergency action plans for youth athletics, and developing and im-plementing school asthma management plans.’’ 
(IV) disseminating best practices and eval-
uating program outcomes relating to any local educational agency activities to pro-mote student safety and violence prevention through effective communication as de-scribed in section 4108(5)(C)(iv); and 
(iii) increase access to personalized, rig-
orous learning experiences supported by technology by— 
(I) providing technical assistance to local 
educational agencies to improve the ability of local educational agencies to— 
(aa) identify and address technology readi-
ness needs, including the types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students served by the local educational agency, including computer devices, access 
to school libraries, Internet connectivity, op-erating systems, related network infrastruc-ture, and data security; 
(bb) use technology, consistent with the 
principles of universal design for learning, to support the learning needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; and 
(cc) build capacity for principals, other 
school leaders, and local educational agency administrators to support teachers in using data and technology to improve instruction and personalize learning; 
(II) supporting schools in rural and remote 
areas to expand access to high-quality dig-ital learning opportunities; 
(III) developing or utilizing, to the extent 
the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidence-based or inno-vative strategies for the delivery of special-ized or rigorous academic courses and cur-ricula through the use of technology, includ-ing digital learning technologies and assist-ive technology, which may include increased access to online dual or concurrent enroll-ment opportunities, career and technical courses, and programs leading to a recog-nized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)); 
(IV) disseminating promising practices re-
lated to technology instruction, data secu-rity, and the acquisition and implementation of technology tools and applications, includ-ing through making such promising prac-tices publicly available on the website of the State educational agency; 
(V) providing teachers, paraprofessionals, 
school librarians and media personnel, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, and administrators with the knowledge and skills to use technology effectively, includ-ing effective integration of technology, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.132 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8592 November 30, 2015 
improve instruction and student achieve-
ment, which may include coordination with teacher, principal, and other school leader preparation programs; and 
(VI) making instructional content widely 
available through open educational re-sources, which may include providing tools and processes to support local educational agencies in making such resources widely available. 
SEC. 4105. ALLOCATIONS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
(a) A LLOCATIONS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
by a State under section 4104(a)(1), the State shall allocate to each local educational agen-cy that has an application approved by the State educational agency under section 4106 in the State an amount that bears the same relationship to the total amount of such res-ervation as the amount the local educational agency received under subpart 2 of part A of title I for the preceding fiscal year bears to the amount all local educational agencies in the State received under that subpart for the preceding fiscal year. 
(2) M
INIMUM LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
ALLOCATION .—No allocation to a local edu-
cational agency under this paragraph may be made in an amount that is less than $10,000. 
(3) C
ONSORTIA .—Local educational agencies 
in a State may form a consortium and com-bine the funds each such agency in the con-sortium received under this section to joint-ly carry out the local activities described in this part. 
(b) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .—If the amount re-
served by the State under section 4104(a)(1) is insufficient to make allocations to local edu-cational agencies ‘in an amount equal to the minimum allocation described in subsection (a)(2), such allocations shall be ratably re-duced. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Of the amount 
received under subsection (a)(2), a local edu-cational agency may reserve not more than 2 percent for the direct administrative costs of carrying out the local educational agen-cy’s responsibilities under this part. 
SEC. 4106. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLI-
CATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
an allocation under section 4105(a), a local educational agency shall— 
(1) submit an application, which shall con-
tain, at a minimum, the information de-scribed in subsection (e), to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably re-quire; and 
(2) complete a needs assessment in accord-
ance with subsection (d). 
(b) C
ONSORTIUM .—If a local educational 
agency desires to carry out the activities de-scribed in this part in consortium with one or more surrounding local educational agen-cies as described in section 4105(a)(2)(C), such local educational agencies shall submit a single application as required under sub-section (a). 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agen-
cy, or consortium of such agencies, shall de-velop its application through consultation with parents, teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, students, community-based organizations, local government representa-tives (which may include a local law enforce-ment agency, local juvenile court, local child welfare agency, or local public housing agen-cy), Indian tribes or tribal organizations that may be located in the region served by the local educational agency (where applica-ble), charter school teachers, principals, and other school leaders (if such agency or con-
sortium of such agencies supports charter schools), and others with relevant and dem-onstrated expertise in programs and activi-ties designed to meet the purpose of this part. 
(2) C
ONTINUED CONSULTATION .—The local 
educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, shall engage in continued consulta-tion with the entities described in paragraph (1) in order to improve the local activities in order to meet the purpose of this part and to coordinate such implementation with other related strategies, programs, and activities being conducted in the community. 
(d) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and prior to receiving an allo-cation under this part, a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies shall conduct a comprehensive needs assessment of the local educational agency or agencies proposed to be served under this part in order to examine needs for improvement of— 
(A) access to, and opportunities for, a well- 
rounded education for all students; 
(B) school conditions for student learning 
in order to create a healthy and safe school environment; and 
(C) access to personalized learning experi-
ences supported by technology and profes-sional development for the effective use of data and technology. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—A local educational agency 
receiving an allocation under section 4105(a) in an amount that is less than $30,000 shall not be required to conduct a comprehensive needs assessment under paragraph (1). 
(3) F
REQUENCY OF NEEDS ASSESSMENT .— 
Each local educational agency, or consor-tium of local educational agencies, shall con-duct the needs assessment described in para-graph (1) once every 3 years. 
(e) C
ONTENTS OF LOCAL APPLICATION .—Each 
application submitted under this section by a local educational agency, or a consortium of such agencies, shall include the following: 
(1) D
ESCRIPTIONS .—A description of the ac-
tivities and programming that the local edu-cational agency, or consortium of such agen-cies, will carry out under this part, including a description of— 
(A) any partnership with an institution of 
higher education, business, nonprofit organi-zation, community-based organization, [or other public or private entity with a dem-onstrated record of success in implementing activities under this part; 
(B) if applicable, how funds will be used for 
activities related to supporting well-rounded education under section 4107; 
(C) if applicable, how funds will be used for 
activities related to supporting safe and healthy students under section 4108; 
(D) if applicable, how funds will be used for 
activities related to supporting the effective use of technology in schools under section 4109; and 
(E) the program objectives and intended 
outcomes for activities under this part, and how the local educational agency, or consor-tium of such agencies, will periodically evaluate the effectiveness of the activities carried out under this section based on such objectives and outcomes. 
(2) A
SSURANCES .—Each application shall 
include assurances that the local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, will— 
(A) prioritize the distribution of funds to 
schools served by the local educational agen-cy, or consortium of such agencies, that— 
(i) are among the schools with the greatest 
needs, as determined by such local edu-cational agency, or consortium; 
(ii) have the highest percentages or num-
bers of children counted under [section 1124(c)]; (iii) are identified for comprehensive sup-
port and improvement under [section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i)]; 
(iv) are implementing targeted support and 
improvement plans as described in [section 1111(d)(2)]; or 
(v) are identified as a persistently dan-
gerous public elementary school or sec-ondary school under [section 9532]; 
(B) comply with section [9501] (regarding 
equitable participation by private school children and teachers); 
(C) use a portion of funds, which shall not 
be less than 20 percent of funds, received under this part to support at least one activ-
ity authorized under section 4107; 
(D) use a portion of funds, which shall not 
be less than 20 percent of funds, received under this part to support at least one activ-ity authorized under section 4108; 
(E) use a portion of funds received under 
this part to support at least one activity au-thorized under section 4109(a), including an assurance that the local educational agency, or consortium of local educational agencies, will comply with the requirements of section 4109(b); and 
(F) annually report to the State for inclu-
sion in the report described in section 4104(b)(1)(B) how funds are being used under this part to meet the requirements of sub-paragraphs (C) through (E). 
(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—Any local educational 
agency receiving an allocation under section 4105(a)(1) in an amount less than $30,000 shall be required to provide only one of the assur-ances described in subparagraphs (C), (D), or (E) of subsection (e)(2). 
SEC. 4107. ACTIVITIES TO SUPPORT WELL– 
ROUNDED EDUCATIONAL OPPORTU-NITIES. 
Subject to section 4106(f), each local edu-
cational agency, or consortium of such agen-cies, that receives an allocation under sec-tion 4105(a) shall use a portion of such funds to develop and implement programs and ac-tivities that support access to a well-rounded education and that— 
(1) are coordinated with other schools and 
community-based services and programs; 
(2) may be conducted in partnership with 
an institution of higher education, business, nonprofit organization, community-based or-ganization, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in im-plementing activities under this section; and 
(3) may include programs and activities, 
such as— 
(A) college and career guidance and coun-
seling programs, such as— 
(i) postsecondary education and career 
awareness and exploration activities; 
(ii) training counselors to effectively uti-
lize labor market information in assisting students with postsecondary education and career planning; and 
(iii) financial literacy and Federal finan-
cial aid awareness activities; 
(B) programs and activities that use music 
and the arts as tools to support student suc-cess through the promotion of constructive student engagement, problem solving, and conflict resolution; 
(C) programming and activities to improve 
instruction and student engagement in science, technology, engineering and mathe-matics, including computer science, (referred to in this section as ‘STEM subjects’) by— 
(i) increasing access for students through 
grade 12 who are members of groups under-represented in such subject fields, such as fe-male students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and eco-nomically disadvantaged students, to high- quality courses; 
(ii) supporting the participation of low-in-
come students in nonprofit competitions re-lated to STEM subjects (such as robotics, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.139 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8593 November 30, 2015 
science research, invention, mathematics, 
computer science, and technology competi-tions); 
(iii) providing hands-on learning and expo-
sure to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics and supporting the use of field- based or service learning to enhance the stu-dents’ understanding of the identified sub-jects; 
(iv) supporting the creation and enhance-
ment of STEM-focused specialty schools; and (v) facilitating collaboration among school, after-school program, and informal program personnel to improve the integration of pro-gramming and instruction in the identified subjects; 
(vi) integrating other academic subjects, 
including the arts, into STEM programs to increase participation in STEM, improve at-tainment of STEM-related skills, and pro-mote well-rounded education;’’ 
(D) efforts to raise student academic 
achievement through accelerated learning programs described in section 4104(b)(2)(B)(i)(I)(dd), such as— 
(i) reimbursing low-income students to 
cover part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examination fees, if the low-income students are enrolled in accelerated learning courses and plan to take accelerated learn-ing examinations; or 
(ii) increasing the availability of, and en-
rollment in accelerated learning courses, ac-celerated learning examinations, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early 
college high school courses; 
(E) activities to promote the development, 
implementation, and strengthening of pro-grams to teach traditional American his-tory, civics, economics, geography, or gov-ernment education; 
(F) foreign language instruction; (G) environmental education; (H) programs and activities that promote 
volunteerism and community involvement; or 
(I) programs and activities that support 
educational programs that integrate mul-tiple disciplines, such as programs that com-bine arts and math; or’’ 
(J) other activities and programs to sup-
port student access to, and success in, a vari-ety of well-rounded education experiences. 
SEC. 4108. ACTIVITIES TO SUPPORT SAFE AND 
HEALTHY STUDENTS. 
Subject to section 4106(f), each local edu-
cational agency, or consortium of such agen-cies, that receives an allocation under sec-tion 4105(a) shall use a portion of such funds to develop, implement, and evaluate com-prehensive programs and activities that— 
(1) are coordinated with other schools and 
community-based services and programs; 
(2) foster safe, healthy, supportive, and 
drug-free environments that support student academic achievement; 
(3) promote the involvement of parents in 
the activity or program; 
(4) may be conducted in partnership with 
an institution of higher education, business, nonprofit organization, community-based or-ganization, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in im-plementing activities under this section; and 
(5) may include, among other programs and 
activities— 
(A) to the extent the state, in consultation 
with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidence-based drug and violence prevention activities and programs (includ-ing programs to educate students against the use of alcohol, tobacco, marijuana, smoke-less tobacco products, and electronic ciga-rettes), including professional development and training for school and specialized in-structional support personnel and interested community members in prevention, edu-cation, early identification, intervention 
mentoring, recovery support services and, where appropriate, rehabilitation referral, as related to drug and violence prevention; 
(B) in accordance with section 4111— (i) school-based mental health services, in-
cluding early identification of mental-health symptoms, drug use and violence, and appro-priate referrals to direct individual or group counseling services; and 
(ii) school-based mental health services 
partnership programs that— 
(I) are conducted in partnership with a 
public or private mental-health entity or health care entity; and 
(II) provide comprehensive school-based 
mental health services and supports and staff development for school and community personnel working in the school that are— 
(aa) based on trauma-informed and, to the 
extent the state, in consultation with local educational agencies in the state, deter-mines that such evidence is reasonably avail-able, evidence-based practices; 
(bb) coordinated (where appropriate) with 
early intervening services carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); and 
(cc) provided by qualified mental and be-
havioral health professionals who are cer-tified or licensed by the State involved and practicing within their area of expertise; 
(C) programs or activities that— (i) integrate health and safety practices 
into school or athletic programs; 
(ii) support a healthy, active lifestyle, in-
cluding nutritional education and regular, structured physical education activities and programs, and which may address chronic disease management with instruction led by school nurses, nurse practitioners, or other appropriate specialists or professionals to help maintain the well-being of students; 
(iii) help prevent bullying and harassment; (iv) improve instructional practices for de-
veloping relationship-building skills, such as effective communication, and improve safety through the recognition and prevention of coercion, violence, or abuse, including teen and dating violence, stalking, domestic abuse, and sexual violence and harassment; 
(v) provide mentoring and school coun-
seling to all students, including children who are at risk of academic failure, dropping out of school, involvement in criminal or delin-quent activities, or drug use and abuse; 
(vi) establish or improve school dropout 
and re-entry programs; or 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that throughout this part, references to chil-dren who are at risk of academic failure or dropping out of school include expectant and parenting students who have unique edu-cational needs. Local educational agencies should provide opportunities for the enroll-ment, attendance, and success of such stu-dents.’’ 
(vii) establish learning environments and 
enhance students’ effective learning skills essential for school readiness and academic success, such as by providing integrated sys-tems of student and family supports; 
(D) high-quality training for school per-
sonnel, including specialized instructional support personnel, related to— 
(i) suicide prevention; (ii) effective and trauma-informed prac-
tices in classroom management; 
(iii) crisis management and conflict resolu-
tion techniques; 
(iv) human trafficking (defined, for pur-
poses of this subparagraph, as an act or prac-tice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of sec-tion 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)); 
(v) school-based violence prevention strat-
egies; (vi) drug abuse prevention, including edu-
cating children facing substance abuse at home; and 
(vii) bullying and harassment prevention; (E) in accordance with section 4111, child 
sexual abuse awareness and prevention pro-grams or activities, such as programs or ac-tivities designed to provide— 
(i) age-appropriate and developmentally- 
appropriate instruction for students in child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, in-cluding how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to safely report child sexual abuse; and 
(ii) information to parents and guardians 
of students about child sexual abuse aware-ness and prevention, including how to recog-nize child sexual abuse and how to discuss child sexual abuse with a child; 
(F) designing and implementing a locally- 
tailored plan to reduce exclusionary dis-cipline practices in elementary and sec-ondary schools that— 
(i) is consistent with best practices; (ii) includes, to the extent the state, in 
consultation with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidence-based strat-egies; and 
(iii) is aligned with the long-term goal of 
prison reduction through opportunities, mentoring, intervention, support, and other education services, referred to as a ‘youth 
PROMISE plan’; or 
(G) implementation of schoolwide positive 
behavioral interventions and supports, in-cluding through coordination with similar activities carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), in order to improve academic outcomes and school conditions for student learning; 
(H) designating a site resource coordinator 
at a school or local educational agency to provide a variety of services, such as— 
(i) establishing partnerships within the 
community to provide resources and support for schools; 
(ii) ensuring all service and community 
partners are aligned with the academic ex-pectations of a community school in order to improve student success; and 
(iii) strengthening relationships between 
schools and communities; or 
(I) pay-for-success initiatives aligned with 
the purposes of this section. 
SEC. 4109. ACTIVITIES TO SUPPORT THE EFFEC-
TIVE USE OF TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) U SES OF FUNDS .—Subject to section 
4106(f), each local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, that receives an allocation under section 4015(a) shall use a portion of such funds to improve the use of technology to improve the academic achieve-ment, academic growth, and digital literacy of all students, including by meeting the needs of such agency or consortium identi-fied in the need assessment conducted under section 4106(d) (if applicable), which may in-clude— 
(1) providing educators, school leaders, and 
administrators with the professional learn-ing tools, devices, content, and resources to— 
(A) personalize learning to improve stu-
dent academic achievement; 
(B) discover, adapt, and share relevant 
high-quality educational resources; 
(C) use technology effectively in the class-
room, including by administering computer- based assessments and blended learning strategies; and 
(D) implement and support school- and dis-
trictwide approaches for using technology to inform instruction, support teacher collabo-ration, and personalize learning; 
(2) building technological capacity and in-
frastructure, which may include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.140 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8594 November 30, 2015 
(A) procuring content and ensuring con-
tent quality; and 
(B) purchasing devices, equipment, and 
software applications in order to address readiness shortfalls; 
(3) developing or utilizing effective or inno-
vative strategies for the delivery of special-ized or rigorous academic courses and cur-ricula through the use of technology, includ-ing digital learning technologies and assist-ive technology; 
(4) carrying out blended learning projects, 
which shall include— 
(A) planning activities, which may include 
development of new instructional models (in-cluding blended learning technology soft-ware and platforms), the purchase of digital instructional resources, initial professional development activities, and one-time infor-mation technology purchases, except that such expenditures may not include expendi-tures related to significant construction or renovation of facilities; or 
(B) ongoing professional development for 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, or other personnel involved in the project that is designed to support the implementation and academic success of the project; 
(5) providing professional development in 
the use of technology (which may be pro-vided through partnerships with outside or-ganizations) to enable teachers and instruc-tional leaders to increase student achieve-ment in the areas of science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics, including com-puter science; and 
(6) providing students in rural, remote, and 
underserved areas with the resources to take advantage of high-quality digital learning experiences, digital resources, and access to online courses taught by effective educators. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—A local educational 
agency, or consortium of such agencies, shall not use more than 15 percent of funds for purchasing technology infrastructure as de-scribed in subsection (a)(2)(B), which shall include technology infrastructure purchased for the activities under subsection (a)(4)(A) . 
SEC. 4110. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
Funds made available under this part shall 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, non-Federal funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this part. 
SEC. 4111. PROHIBITIONS. 
(a) P ARENTAL CONSENT .— 
(1) I NGENERAL .— 
(A) I NFORMED WRITTEN CONSENT .—Each en-
tity receiving an allocation under this title shall obtain prior written, informed consent from the parent of each child who is under 18 years of age to participate in any mental- health assessment or service that is funded under this title and conducted in connection with an elementary school or secondary school under this part. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—Before obtaining the con-
sent described in subparagraph (A), the enti-ty shall provide the parent written notice de-scribing in detail such mental health assess-ment or service, including the purpose for such assessment or service, the provider of such assessment or service, when such as-sessment or service will begin, and how long such assessment or service will may last. 
(C) L
IMITATION .—The informed written 
consent required under this paragraph shall not be a waiver of any rights or protections under Section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1)(A), the written, informed consent described in such paragraph shall not be re-quired in— 
(A) an emergency, where it is necessary to 
protect the immediate health and safety of the child, other children, or entity per-sonnel; or (B) other instances where an entity ac-
tively seeks parental consent but such con-sent cannot be reasonably obtained, as deter-mined by the State or local educational agency, including in the case of a child whose parent has not responded to the notice described in paragraph (1)(B) or who has at-tained 14 years of age and is an unaccom-panied youth, as defined in section 725 of the Federal McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. Sec. 11434a). 
(b) P
ROHIBITED USE OF FUNDS .—No funds 
under this title may be used for medical services or drug treatment or rehabilitation, except for integrated student supports, spe-cialized instructional support services, or re-ferral to treatment for impacted students, which may include students who are victims of, or witnesses to, crime or who illegally use drugs. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON MANDATORY MEDICA -
TION.—No child shall be required to obtain a 
prescription for a substance covered by the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) as a condition of— 
(1) receiving an evaluation or other serv-
ices described under this part,’ or 
(2) attending a school receiving assistance 
under this title]. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this part may be construed to— 
(1) authorize activities or programming 
that encourages teenage sexual activity; or 
(2) prohibit effective activities or program-
ming that meet the requirements of section [85XX] 
SEC. 4112. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part $1,650,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $1,600,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020. 
2. The Senate bill reauthorizes and makes 
changes to the 21st Century Community Learning Centers grant program. The House amendment consolidates this program into the Local Academic Flexible Grant. 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
PART B—21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY 
LEARNING CENTERS 
SEC. 4201. 21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY LEARNING 
CENTERS. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—Part B of title 
IV (20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
PART B—21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY 
LEARNING CENTERS 
SEC. 4201. PURPOSE; DEFINITIONS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this part is to 
provide opportunities for communities to es-tablish or expand activities in community learning centers that— 
(1) provide opportunities for academic en-
richment, including providing tutorial serv-ices to help students, particularly students who attend low-performing schools, to meet challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
(2) offer students a broad array of addi-
tional services, programs, and activities, such as youth development activities, serv-ice learning, nutrition and health education, drug and violence prevention programs, counseling programs, art, music, physical fitness and wellness programs, technology education programs, financial literacy pro-grams, environmental literacy programs, mathematics, science, career and technical programs, internship or apprenticeship pro-grams, and other ties to an in-demand indus-try sector or occupation for high school stu-dents that are designed to reinforce and com-plement the regular academic program of participating students; and 
(3) offer families of students served by 
community learning centers opportunities for active and meaningful engagement in their children’s education, including oppor-
tunities for literacy and related educational development. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
(1) C OMMUNITY LEARNING CENTER .—The 
term ‘community learning center’ means an entity that— 
(A) assists students to meet challenging 
State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) by providing the students with aca-demic enrichment activities and a broad array of other activities (such as programs and activities described in subsection (a)(2)) during nonschool hours or periods when school is not in session (such as before and after school or during summer recess) that— 
(i) reinforce and complement the regular 
academic programs of the schools attended by the students served; and 
(ii) are targeted to the students’ academic 
needs and aligned with the instruction stu-dents receive during the school day; and 
(B) offers families of students served by 
such center opportunities for literacy, and related educational development and oppor-tunities for active and meaningful engage-ment in their children’s education. 
(2) C
OVERED PROGRAM .—The term ‘covered 
program’ means a program for which— 
(A) the Secretary made a grant under this 
part (as this part was in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act); and 
(B) the grant period had not ended on that 
date of enactment. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible en-
tity’ means a local educational agency, com-munity-based organization, Indian tribe or tribal organization (as such terms are de-fined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), another public or private entity, or a consor-tium of 2 or more such agencies, organiza-tions, or entities. 
(4) E
XTERNAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘ex-
ternal organization’ means— 
(A) a nonprofit organization with a record 
of success in running or working with after school programs; or 
(B) in the case of a community where there 
is no such organization, a nonprofit organi-zation in the community that enters into a agreement or partnership with an organiza-tion described in subparagraph (A) to receive mentoring and guidance. 
(5) R
IGOROUS PEER -REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘rigorous peer-review process’ means a process by which— 
(A) employees of a State educational agen-
cy who are familiar with the 21st century community learning center program under this part review all applications that the State receives for awards under this part for completeness and applicant eligibility; 
(B) the State educational agency selects 
peer reviewers for such applications, who shall— 
(i) be selected for their expertise in pro-
viding effective academic, enrichment, youth development, and related services to chil-dren; and 
(ii) not include any applicant, or represent-
ative of an applicant, that has submitted an application under this part for the current application period; and 
(C) the peer reviewers described in sub-
paragraph (B) review and rate the applica-tions to determine the extent to which the applications meet the requirements under sections 4204(b) and 4205. 
(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
SEC. 4202. ALLOTMENTS TO STATES. 
(a) R ESERVATION .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 4206 for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.142 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8595 November 30, 2015 
(1) such amounts as may be necessary to 
make continuation awards to grant recipi-ents under covered programs (under the terms of those grants); 
(2) not more than 1 percent for national ac-
tivities, which the Secretary may carry out directly or through grants and contracts, such as providing technical assistance to eli-gible entities carrying out programs under this part or conducting a national evalua-tion; and 
(3) not more than 1 percent for payments 
to the outlying areas and the Bureau of In-dian Education, to be allotted in accordance with their respective needs for assistance under this part, as determined by the Sec-retary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the purpose of this part. 
(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
(1) D ETERMINATION .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 4206 for any fiscal year and remaining after the Secretary makes reservations under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall allot to each State for the fiscal year an amount that bears the same rela-tionship to the remainder as the amount the State received under [subpart 2 of part A of title I for the preceding fiscal year] bears to the amount all States received under [that subpart] for the preceding fiscal year, except that no State shall receive less than an amount equal to one-half of 1 percent of the total amount made available to all States under this subsection. 
(2) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allot-ment to the remaining States in accordance with this part. 
(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
an allotment under this part shall reserve not less than 93 percent of the amount allot-ted to such State under subsection (b), for each fiscal year for awards to eligible enti-ties under section 4204. 
(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 2 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for— 
(A) the administrative costs of carrying 
out its responsibilities under this part; 
(B) establishing and implementing a rig-
orous peer-review process for subgrant appli-cations described in section 4204(b) (includ-ing consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for admin-istering youth development programs and adult learning activities); and 
(C) awarding of funds to eligible entities 
(in consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for administering youth development programs and adult learning activities). 
(3) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State educational 
agency may use not more than 5 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for the following activi-ties: 
(A) Monitoring and evaluation of programs 
and activities assisted under this part. 
(B) Providing capacity building, training, 
and technical assistance under this part. 
(C) Comprehensive evaluation (directly, or 
through a grant or contract) of the effective-ness of programs and activities assisted under this part. 
(D) Providing training and technical as-
sistance to eligible entities that are appli-cants for or recipients of awards under this part. 
(E) Ensuring that any eligible entity that 
receives an award under this part from the State aligns the activities provided by the program with the challenging State aca-demic standards. (F) Ensuring that any such eligible entity 
identifies and partners with external organi-zations, if available, in the community. 
(G) Working with teachers, principals, par-
ents, the local workforce, the local commu-nity, and other stakeholders to review and improve State policies and practices to sup-port the implementation of effective pro-grams under this part. 
(H) Coordinating funds received under this 
part with other Federal and State funds to implement high-quality programs. 
(I) Providing a list of prescreened external 
organizations, as described in section 4203(a)(11). 
SEC. 4203. STATE APPLICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under section 4202 for any fiscal year, a State shall submit to the Secretary, at such time as the Secretary may require, an application that— 
(1) designates the State educational agency 
as the agency responsible for the administra-tion and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
(2) describes how the State educational 
agency will use funds received under this part, including funds reserved for State-level activities; 
(3) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency— 
(A) will make awards under this part to el-
igible entities that serve— 
(i) students who primarily attend— (I) schools that have been identified under 
[section 1111(d)]; and 
(II) other schools determined by the local 
educational agency to be in need of interven-tion and support; and 
(ii) the families of such students; and (B) will further give priority to eligible en-
tities that propose in the application to serve students described in subclauses (I) and (II) of section 4204(i)(1)(A)(i); 
(4) describes the procedures and criteria 
the State educational agency will use for re-viewing applications and awarding funds to eligible entities on a competitive basis, which shall include procedures and criteria that take into consideration the likelihood that a proposed community learning center will help participating students meet the challenging State academic standards and any local academic standards; 
(5) describes how the State educational 
agency will ensure that awards made under this part are— 
(A) of sufficient size and scope to support 
high-quality, effective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this part; and 
(B) in amounts that are consistent with 
section 4204(h); 
(6) describes the steps the State edu-
cational agency will take to ensure that pro-grams implement effective strategies, in-cluding providing ongoing technical assist-ance and training, evaluation, dissemination of promising practices, and coordination of professional development for staff in specific content areas and youth development; 
(7) describes how programs under this part 
will be coordinated with programs under this Act, and other programs as appropriate; 
(8) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency— 
(A) will make awards for programs for a 
period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years; and 
(B) will require each eligible entity seek-
ing such an award to submit a plan describ-ing how the activities to be funded through the award will continue after funding under this part ends; 
(9) contains an assurance that funds appro-
priated to carry out this part will be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local public funds expended to provide programs and activities authorized 
under this part and other similar programs; 
(10) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency will require eligible enti-ties to describe in their applications under section 4204(b) how the transportation needs of participating students will be addressed; 
(11) describes how the State will— (A) prescreen external organizations that 
could provide assistance in carrying out the activities under this part; and 
(B) develop and make available to eligible 
entities a list of external organizations that successfully completed the prescreening process; 
(12) provides— (A) an assurance that the application was 
developed in consultation and coordination with appropriate State officials, including the chief State school officer, and other State agencies administering before and afterschool or summer recess programs and activities, the heads of the State health and 
mental health agencies or their designees, statewide after-school networks (where ap-plicable) and representatives of teachers, local educational agencies, and community- based organizations; and 
(B) a description of any other representa-
tives of teachers, parents, students, or the business community that the State has se-lected to assist in the development of the ap-plication, if applicable; 
(13) describes the results of the State’s 
needs and resources assessment for before and after school or summer recess programs and activities, which shall be based on the results of on-going State evaluation activi-ties; 
(14) describes how the State educational 
agency will evaluate the effectiveness of pro-grams and activities carried out under this part, which shall include, at a minimum— 
(A) a description of the performance indi-
cators and performance measures that will be used to evaluate programs and activities with emphasis on alignment with the regular academic program of the school and the aca-demic needs of participating students, in-cluding performance indicators and meas-ures that— 
(i) are able to track student success and 
improvement over time; 
(ii) include State assessment results and 
other indicators of student success and im-provement, such as improved attendance during the school day, better classroom grades, regular (or consistent) program at-tendance, and on-time advancement to the next grade level; and 
(iii) for high school students, may include 
indicators such as career competencies, suc-cessful completion of internships or appren-ticeships, or work-based learning opportuni-ties; 
(B) a description of how data collected for 
the purposes of subparagraph (A) will be col-lected; and 
(C) public dissemination of the evaluations 
of programs and activities carried out under this part; and 
(15) provides for timely public notice of in-
tent to file an application and an assurance that the application will be available for public review after submission. 
(b) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—An application 
submitted by a State educational agency pursuant to subsection (a) shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Sec-retary makes a written determination, prior to the expiration of the 120-day period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary re-ceived the application, that the application is not in compliance with this part. 
(c) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall not 
finally disapprove the application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.143 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8596 November 30, 2015 
(d) N OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that the application is not in compliance, in 
whole or in part, with this part, the Sec-retary shall— 
(1) give the State educational agency no-
tice and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
(2) notify the State educational agency of 
the finding of noncompliance and, in such notification— 
(A) cite the specific provisions in the appli-
cation that are not in compliance; and 
(B) request additional information, only as 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
(e) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notifica-tion described in subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notification, and re-submits the application with the requested information described in subsection (d)(2)(B), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
(1) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the application is resubmitted; or 
(2) the expiration of the 120-day period de-
scribed in subsection (b). 
(f) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the State edu-
cational agency does not respond to the Sec-retary’s notification described in subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notification, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
(g) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not 
impose a priority or preference for States or eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to extend the reg-ular school day. 
‘‘SEC. 4204. LOCAL COMPETITIVE SUBGRANT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) C OMMUNITY LEARNING CENTERS .—A State 
that receives funds under this part for a fis-cal year shall provide the amount made available under section 4202(c)(1) to award subgrants to eligible entities for community learning centers in accordance with this part. 
(2) E
XPANDED LEARNING PROGRAM ACTIVI -
TIES.—A State that receives funds under this 
part for a fiscal year may use funds under section 4202(c)(1) to support those enrich-ment and engaging academic activities de-scribed in section 4205(a) that— 
(A) are included as part of an expanded 
learning program that provide students at least 300 additional program hours before, during, or after the traditional school day; 
(B) supplement but do not supplant school 
day requirements; and 
(C) are awarded to entities that meet the 
requirements of subsection (i). 
(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a 
subgrant under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reasonably re-quire. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) a description of the activities to be 
funded, including— 
(i) an assurance that the program will take 
place in a safe and easily accessible facility; 
(ii) a description of how students partici-
pating in the program carried out by the community learning center will travel safely to and from the center and home, if applica-ble; and 
(iii) a description of how the eligible entity 
will disseminate information about the com-munity learning center (including its loca-tion) to the community in a manner that is understandable and accessible; (B) a description of how such activities are 
expected to improve student academic achievement as well as overall student suc-cess; 
(C) a demonstration of how the proposed 
program will coordinate Federal, State, and local programs and make the most effective use of public resources; 
(D) an assurance that the proposed pro-
gram was developed and will be carried out— 
(i) in active collaboration with [the schools 
participating students attend—NOTE: schools in which the students participating in the program attend?] (including through the sharing of relevant data among the schools), all participants in the eligible enti-ty, and any partnership entities described in subparagraph (H), in compliance with appli-cable laws relating to privacy and confiden-tiality; and 
(ii) in alignment with the challenging 
State academic standards and any local aca-demic standards; 
(E) a description of how the activities will 
meet the measures of effectiveness described in section 4205(b); 
(F) an assurance that the program will tar-
get students who primarily attend schools eligible for schoolwide programs under sec-tion 1113 and the families of such students; 
(G) an assurance that subgrant funds under 
this part will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other non-Federal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available for programs and activities authorized under this part, and in no case supplant Federal, State, local, or non-Federal funds; 
(H) a description of the partnership be-
tween a local educational agency, a commu-nity-based organization, and another public entity or private entity, if appropriate; 
(I) an evaluation of the community needs 
and available resources for the community learning center, and a description of how the program proposed to be carried out in the center will address those needs (including the needs of working families); 
(J) a demonstration that the eligible enti-
ty will use best practices, including research or evidence-based practices, to provide edu-cational and related activities that will com-plement and enhance academic performance, achievement, postsecondary and workforce preparation, and positive youth development of the students; 
(K) a description of a preliminary plan for 
how the community learning center will con-tinue after funding under this part ends; 
(L) an assurance that the community will 
be given notice of an intent to submit an ap-plication and that the application and any waiver request will be available for public re-view after submission of the application; 
(M) if the eligible entity plans to use vol-
unteers in activities carried out through the community learning center, a description of how the eligible entity will encourage and use appropriately qualified persons to serve as the volunteers; and 
(N) such other information and assurances 
as the State educational agency may reason-ably require. 
(c) A
PPROVAL OF CERTAIN APPLICATIONS .— 
The State educational agency may approve an application under this part for a program to be located in a facility other than an ele-mentary school or secondary school only if the program will be at least as available and accessible to the students to be served as if the program were located in an elementary school or secondary school. 
(d) P
ERMISSIVE LOCAL MATCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agen-
cy may require an eligible entity to match subgrant funds awarded under this part, ex-cept that such match may not exceed the amount of the subgrant and may not be de-
rived from other Federal or State funds. 
(2) S
LIDING SCALE .—The amount of a match 
under paragraph (1) shall be established based on a sliding scale that takes into ac-count— 
(A) the relative poverty of the population 
to be targeted by the eligible entity; and 
(B) the ability of the eligible entity to ob-
tain such matching funds. 
(3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—Each State 
educational agency that requires an eligible entity to match funds under this subsection shall permit the eligible entity to provide all or any portion of such match in the form of in-kind contributions. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Notwithstanding this 
subsection, a State educational agency shall not consider an eligible entity’s ability to match funds when determining which eligi-ble entities will receive subgrants under this part. 
(e) P
EERREVIEW .—In reviewing local appli-
cations under this part, a State educational agency shall use a rigorous peer-review proc-ess or other methods of ensuring the quality of such applications. 
(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—To the extent 
practicable, a State educational agency shall distribute subgrant funds under this part eq-uitably among geographic areas within the State, including urban and rural commu-nities. 
(g) D
URATION OF AWARDS .—A subgrant 
awarded under this part shall be awarded for a period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years. 
(h) A
MOUNT OF AWARDS .—A subgrant 
awarded under this part may not be made in an amount that is less than $50,000. 
(i) P
RIORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In awarding subgrants 
under this part, a State educational agency shall give priority to applications— 
(A) proposing to target services to— (i) students who primarily attend schools 
that— 
(I) have been identified under [section 
1111(d)] or other schools determined by the local educational agency to be in need of intervention and support to improve student academic achievement and other outcomes; and 
(II) enroll students who may be at risk for 
academic failure, dropping out of school, in-volvement in criminal or delinquent activi-ties, or who lack strong positive role models; and 
(ii) the families of students described in 
clause (i); 
(B) submitted jointly by eligible entities 
consisting of not less than 1— 
(i) local educational agency receiving 
funds under part A of title I; and 
(ii) another eligible entity; and (C) demonstrating that the activities pro-
posed in the application— 
(i) are, as of the date of the submission of 
the application, not accessible to students who would be served; or 
(ii) would expand accessibility to high- 
quality services that may be available in the community. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—The State educational 
agency shall provide the same priority under paragraph (1) to an application submitted by a local educational agency if the local edu-cational agency demonstrates that it is un-able to partner with a community-based or-ganization in reasonable geographic prox-imity and of sufficient quality to meet the requirements of this part. 
(3) L
IMITATION .—A State educational agen-
cy may not impose a priority or preference for eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to extend the regular school day. 
(j) R
ENEWABILITY OF AWARDS .—A State 
educational agency may renew a subgrant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.144 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8597 November 30, 2015 
provided under this part to an eligible enti-
ty, based on the eligible entity’s perform-ance during the initial subgrant period fol-lowing an eligible entity receiving a subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 4205. LOCAL ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Each eligible 
entity that receives an award under section 4204 may use the award funds to carry out a broad array of activities that advance stu-dent academic achievement and support stu-dent success, including— 
(1) academic enrichment learning pro-
grams, mentoring programs, remedial edu-cation activities, and tutoring services, that are aligned with— 
(A) State and local content and student 
academic achievement standards; and 
(B) local curricula that are designed to im-
prove student academic achievement; 
(2) well-rounded education activities, in-
cluding such activities that enable students to be eligible for credit recovery or attain-ment; 
(3) literacy education programs, including 
financial literacy programs and environ-mental literacy programs; 
(4) programs that support a healthy, active 
lifestyle, including nutritional education and regular, structured physical activity programs; 
(5) services for individuals with disabil-
ities; 
(6) programs that provide after-school ac-
tivities for students who are English learners that emphasize language skills and academic achievement; 
(7) cultural programs; (8) telecommunications and technology 
education programs; 
(9) expanded library service hours; (10) parenting skills programs that pro-
mote parental involvement and family lit-eracy; 
(11) programs that provide assistance to 
students who have been truant, suspended, or expelled to allow the students to improve their academic achievement; 
(12) drug and violence prevention programs 
and counseling programs; 
(13) programs that build skills in science, 
technology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this paragraph as ‘STEM’), in-cluding computer science, and that foster in-novation in learning by supporting nontradi-tional STEM education teaching methods; and 
(14) programs that partner with in-demand 
fields of the local workforce or build career competencies and career readiness and en-sure that local workforce and career readi-ness skills are aligned with the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) and the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
(b) M
EASURES OF EFFECTIVENESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For a program or activity 
developed pursuant to this part to meet the measures of effectiveness, monitored by the State educational agency as described in sec-tion 4203(a)(14), such program or activity shall— 
(A) be based upon an assessment of objec-
tive data regarding the need for before and after school or summer recess programs and activities in the schools and communities; 
(B) be based upon an established set of per-
formance measures aimed at ensuring the availability of high-quality academic enrich-ment opportunities; 
(C) if appropriate, be based upon evidence- 
based research that the program or activity will help students meet [the challenging State academic standards and any local aca-demic standards 
(D) ensure that measures of student suc-
cess align with the regular academic pro-gram of the school and the academic needs of 
participating students and include perform-ance indicators and measures described in section 4203(a)(14)(A); and (E) collect the data necessary for the measures of student success described in subparagraph (D). 
(2) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The program or activity 
shall undergo a periodic evaluation in con-junction with the State educational agency’s overall evaluation plan as described in sec-tion 4203(a)(14), to assess the program’s progress toward achieving the goal of pro-viding high-quality opportunities for aca-demic enrichment and overall student suc-cess. 
(B) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The results of eval-
uations under subparagraph (A) shall be— 
(i) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
the program or activity, and to refine the performance measures; 
(ii) made available to the public upon re-
quest, with public notice of such availability provided; and 
(iii) used by the State to determine wheth-
er a subgrant is eligible to be renewed under section 4204(j). 
SEC. 4206. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, $1,100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020.’’. 
[(b) T
RANSITION .—The recipient of a 
multiyear grant award under part B of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.), as such Act was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such award]. 
3. The Senate bill reauthorizes and makes 
minimal changes to the Elementary and Sec-ondary School Counseling Program. The House amendment consolidates this program into the Local Academic Flexible Grant. 
SR 4. The Senate bill reauthorizes and makes 
minimal changes to the Physical Education Program. The House amendment consoli-dates this program into the Local Academic Flexible Grant. 
SR 5. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill include the Family Engagement in Edu-cation Programs in different titles. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert as 
‘‘PART E’’ 
6. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different section references, but include identical purposes for the program. 
LC 7. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include different section references, but identical ‘‘grants authorized’’ language. 
LC 8. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different section numbers for the ‘‘applications’’ section. 
LC 9. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes an assurance in the applica-tion for the applicant to conduct adult lit-eracy training in the community, including financial literacy. 
SR 10. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different section references in the ‘‘use of funds’’ language. 
LC 11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a provision to teach parents about the harms of copyright piracy in addi-tion to technology in the uses of funds. 
HR 12. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section references in the ‘‘technical assistance’’ language. LC 
13. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section references in the title. 
LC 13a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes Indian tribe and tribal organizations as eligible contractors. 
HR 14. The Senate bill authorizes such sums 
for each year 2016–2021. The House amend-ment authorizes $25,000,000 for each year 2016–2019. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘such 
sums as may be necessary’’ and insert ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and strike ‘‘2016 through 2021’’ and insert ‘‘2017 through 2020’’ 
TITLE V—CHARTER SCHOOLS 
0. The charter school provisions use a dif-
ferent term for ‘‘English learners’’ than other provisions in the bill. 
HR/SR Every reference to ‘‘Students who 
are English learners’’ should be changed to ‘‘English learners’’ 
0a. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment refer to expansion and replication dif-ferently. 
HR to use Senate language on ‘‘expansion 
and replication’’ 
1. The House amendment moves the Char-
ter Schools Program from Title V in current law to Title III Part A. The Senate bill main-tains the program as Title V Part A. 
HR/SR with an amendment to redesignate 
the charter school program as Part C of Title IV 
2. The Senate bill strikes, redesignates, 
and replaces a number of sections of current law, while the House amendment strikes and replaces current law wholesale. 
LC 3. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different section titles. 
LC 3a. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains a findings section. 
HR 4. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a sense of Congress. 
HR 5. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a purpose of the program to improve the United States education system and build a stronger America. 
SR 6. The Senate bill uses the phrase ‘‘in-
crease’’ the number of high quality charter schools, while the House amendment uses the word ‘‘expand’’. 
HR 7. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different language regarding oppor-tunities and referencing students. 
HR 7a. The Senate bill has a reference to 
standards. 
HR 8. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a program purpose to sup-port quality accountability and trans-parency for authorizing entities. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘quality 
accountability’’ and insert ‘‘quality, account-ability’’ 
9. The Senate bill includes early childhood 
students, while the House amendment does not. 
HR 10. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use slightly different wording in paragraph (1). 
HR with an amendment to add ‘‘new’’ after 
‘‘the startup of’’ and strike ‘‘the expansion of’’ and insert ‘‘to expand’’ 
11. The Senate bill specifies the activities 
that will be carried out under (A), whereas the House amendment blankets these activi-ties under the umbrella of ‘‘charter school development.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.146 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8598 November 30, 2015 
HR with an amendment to add ‘‘new’’ after 
‘‘the startup of’’ and strike ‘‘the expansion of’’ and insert ‘‘to expand’’ 
12. The Senate bill uses slightly different 
wording than the House amendment, but has similar policy. 
HR 13. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 14. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 15. The Senate bill reserves no less than 25 
percent for a national activities competi-tion, while the House amendment caps na-tional activities at 10 percent. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘reserve 
not less than 25%’’ and insert ‘‘reserve 22.5%’’ 
16. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 16a. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different references to the reservation language. 
LC 16b. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes subpart 2. 
HR 16c. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different references to the bill name. 
LC 17. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires GAO to issue a report on the State use of administrative funds. 
HR 18. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment use different section numbers. 
LC 19. The House amendment moves the defi-
nition of eligible entity to Section 3103(i). The Senate bill and House amendment con-tain identical language. 
LC 20. The Senate bill inserts the phrase ‘‘on a 
competitive basis’’. 
HR 21. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 22. The House amendment awards sub-
grants for ‘‘opening and preparing to oper-ate’’, charter schools, while the Senate bill uses a different structure. 
SR with an amendment to strike paragraph 
(1) and insert: ‘‘(1) award subgrants to eligi-ble applicants enable eligible applicants to— 
(A) open and prepare for the operation of 
new charter schools; 
(B) open and prepare for the operation of 
replicated high-quality charter schools; or 
(C) expand high-quality charter schools; 
and 
23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, lists specific activities that qualify as ‘‘improving authorizing quality’’. 
HR 24. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment use different cross-references. 
LC 24a. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill have different titles for the subsection. 
HR 25. The House amendment allows the State 
to set-aside funds for administrative costs, which may include technical assistance, whereas the Senate bill clarifies the same set-aside can address the administrative costs of technical assistance. 
SR 26. The House amendment allows a state 
entity to carry out a subgrant competition and technical assistance directly through grants, contractors, or cooperative agree-ments, while the Senate bill only allows their use to provide technical assistance. 
HR 27. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill use different wording in the rule of con-struction regarding lotteries. SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘states’’ 
and insert ‘‘state entities, or prohibit State entities from awarding subgrants to eligible applicants’’ 
28. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, clarifies that the rule of con-struction does not prohibit schools from spe-cializing in providing specific services for students with special needs. 
HR Report Language: ‘‘Subparagraph (B) al-
lows a public charter school receiving fund-ing under this section to specialize in pro-viding specific services; however, Conferees do not intend inclusion of this language to allow for funding under this section to sup-port the opening, replication, or expansion of public charter schools that intentionally seek to serve only children with disabilities, children with a specific disability classifica-tion, or other children with specific needs through use of exclusionary recruitment, en-rollment, or retention policies or procedures. Conferees believe that charter schools spe-cializing in specific services must adhere to all Federal and State statutory and regu-latory requirements pertaining to student recruitment, enrollment, and retention.’’ 
30. The Senate bill establishes a 3-year 
grant period with the possibility for a 2-year extension. The House amendment establishes a 5-year grant period. 
SR 31. The Senate bill establishes a subgrant 
period of 3 years with the possibility of a 2- year extension, where planning time may not exceed 18 months. The House amendment caps subgrants at 5 years, but also contains an 18 month limit for planning and design. 
SR 31a. The Senate bill uses ‘‘awarding sub-
grants’’, but the House amendment uses ‘‘re-ceiving a grant’’ 
LC 32. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes provisions outlining the number and amount of grants for the Sec-retary to disperse, as well as requirements for the Secretary to annually review how States are using their grant funds to assess if the Secretary should terminate or reduce the amount of grant funds. 
SR with an amendment to strike paragraph 
(3) and insert the following: 
(3) G
RANT AWARDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary— 
(i) shall for each fiscal year for which funds 
are appropriated under 4311— 
(I) award not less than 3 grants under this 
section; and 
(II) fully obligate the first 2 years of funds 
appropriated for the purpose of awarding grants under this section in the first fiscal year for which such grants are awarded; and 
(ii) prior to the start of the third year of 
the grant period and each succeeding year of each grant awarded under this section to a State entity— 
(I) shall review— (aa) whether the State entity is using the 
grant funds for the agreed upon uses of funds; and 
(bb) whether the full amount of the grant 
will be needed for the remainder of the grant period; and 
(II) may, as determined necessary based on 
that review, terminate or reduce the amount of the grant and reallocate the remaining grant funds to other State entities— 
(aa) by using such funds to award grants 
under this section to other State entities; or 
(bb) in a fiscal year in which the amount of 
such remaining funds is insufficient to award grants under item (aa), in accordance with subparagraph (B). (B) R
EMAINING FUNDING .—In a fiscal year 
for which there are remaining grant funds under this paragraph, but the amount of such funds is insufficient to award a grant to a State entity under this section, the Sec-retary shall use such remaining grants funds to supplement funding for grants under sec-tion 4305(a)(2), but not to supplant—] 
(i) the funds reserved under section 
4305(a)(2); and] 
(ii) funds otherwise reserved under section 
4302(b)(2) to carry out national activities under section 4305.] 
33. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain different titles, but similar wording for project diversity. 
LC 
33a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different words for awarding vs receiv-ing. 
LC 33b. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different words for possible versus prac-ticable and applicable. 
HR 34. The Senate bill contains an additional 
provision that directs States to prioritize ap-plicants that plan to serve students from low-income families. 
SR 35. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, clarifies that the waiver author-ity applies to charter schools supported under this part. 
SR 35a. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different cross-references. 
LC 36. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain similar grant limitations: a State cannot have more one than one grant award-ed at a time. 
LC 37. The Senate bill allows grantees to re-
ceive more than one subgrant during each grant period if it has ‘‘demonstrated a strong track record of positive results,’’ while the House amendment refers to ‘‘improved edu-cational results.’’ 
SR 38. The House amendment clarifies a dis-
tinct period (3 years) that is different than the total grant period (5 years) for dem-onstrating results, whereas the Senate bill maintains demonstration as ‘‘the course of the grant period’’. 
SR 39. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use a slightly different structure. 
LC 40. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different list structures. 
LC 41. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires an explanation of how the State will help all charter schools to meet the needs of students with disabilities and English learners. Similar requirements occur in section 5102(f)(1)(A)(x) of the Senate bill and in section 3103(e)(xi) of the House amend-ment. 
SR 42. The House amendment, but the not Sen-
ate bill, requires an explanation of how the State will have clear plans and procedures to assist students in the case of a charter rev-ocation or closure. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘have’’ 
and insert ‘‘ensure that public chartering agencies, in collaboration with surrounding local educational agencies where applicable, establish’’ 
43. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different list structures. 
LC 44. The House amendment requires the en-
tity to work with the SEA to ‘‘adequately’’ operate the State entity’s program ‘‘where’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.148 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8599 November 30, 2015 
applicable, the Senate bill does not include 
‘‘adequately’’ and says ‘‘if’ applicable rather than ‘‘where’’. 
HR on ‘‘adequately.’’ LC on ‘‘if’’ vs ‘‘where’’ 45. The House amendment specifies the ac-
tivities that an applicant will carry out under its program, while the Senate bill does not. 
HR 46. The Senate bill references to opening 
and expanding schools and the House amend-ment does not. 
SR with an amendment to strike subclause 
(I) and insert ‘‘(I) is using funds provided under this section for the activities described in subsection (b)(1);’’ 
46a. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill use different cross-references. 
LC 47. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, specifies that the operation of the school will be continued in a way that is con-sistent with its application. 
SR 48. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description of how the en-tity will support school turnarounds. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike clause 
(vii) and insert the following: 
(vii) support charter schools in local edu-
cational agencies identified by the State under section 1111(d), and the use of charter schools to improve, or in turning around, struggling schools; 
49. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both require an explanation of retention and inclusion practices for all students. The House amendment specifically identifies fos-ter and homeless students, and disciplinary practices. 
HR/SR to strike paragraphs (viii) and (ix) 
and insert the following: 
(viii) work with charter schools on— (A) recruitment and enrollment practices 
to promote inclusion of all students, includ-ing by eliminating any barriers to enroll-ment for educationally disadvantaged stu-dents, (who include foster youth and unac-companied homeless youth; and 
(B) supporting all students once they are 
enrolled to promote retention, including by reducing the overuse of discipline practices that remove students from the classroom; 
50. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both require an explanation of how the State will work with schools on recruitment prac-tices. The House amendment additionally prohibits schools from having barriers (in the form of policies or procedures) for educa-tionally disadvantaged students, and re-quires an explanation of how schools are in compliance with Federal and State laws on enrollment practices. 
See note 49. 51. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both require explanations on how the state entity will share best practices. The House amendment additionally includes enumer-ated course and subject materials (profes-sional development in STEM, etc). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘among’’ 
and insert ‘‘between’’ 
52. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different list structures. 
LC 53. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 54. The House amendment differentiates 
authorizing requirements for State entities that are a State educational agency, a State charter school board, or Governor of a State. [See below for Charter Support Organization (CSO) Applicants] The Senate bill requires an explanation of which actor in the state will be responsible for oversight of public chartering agencies, and includes a rule of construction regarding changing state law/ practices. SR with an amendment to add ‘‘how the 
State’’ after ‘‘(xiv)’’ and strike ‘‘actively’’ 
55. House amendment differentiates au-
thorizing requirements for State entities that are CSOs. The House amendment re-quires CSOs to participate State charter au-thorizer oversight activities. The Senate bill includes all applicants in the authorizing re-quirements in (B) See note 54. 
SR 56. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description of how the State entity will support the creation of sec-ondary schools. 
SR 57. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different section references. 
LC. 
58. The Senate bill and House amendment 
require information on how the State can carry out priorities and is working to de-velop a statewide system that supports char-ter schools, but use slightly different word-ing. 
HR 59. The Senate bill requires a description of 
how the State entity will solicit input from parents and communities. The House amend-ment has them later in the bill. See notes 65 and 79. 
SR 60. The House amendment, but note the 
Senate bill, requires the State to create a strategy to encourage relationships between charter schools and LEAs. 
SR 61. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use slightly different language to describe the subgrant process. 
LC 62. The Senate bill specifically refers to 
‘‘charter management organizations’’ (CMOs), while the House amendment refers to ‘‘partner organizations.’’ 
SR 63. The Senate bill and House amendment 
require descriptions of quality controls, and include contracts or performance agree-ments and inclusion of student achievement performance as potential examples. The Sen-ate bill additionally includes financial audits and closure procedures as examples, while the House amendment refers to revocation and renewal procedures. 
SR with an amendment strike ‘‘academic’’ 
before ‘‘accountability system’’ and add ‘‘and impact on student achievement (which may include student academic growth) after ‘‘sys-tem’’ 
64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description of how autonomy and flexibility for charter schools is consistent with the definition of a charter school. 
HR 65. The House amendment requires 
subgrant applicants to solicit parental and community input. The Senate bill includes parental/community involvement language in section 5103(f)(1)(C)(iii) (see note 59). See also Selection Criteria for both Senate and House bills. 
SR 66. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, but use slightly different word-ing. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘fiscal sustain-ability’’ and the House amendment uses ‘‘fi-nancial sustainability’’. 
SR 67. The Senate bill requires applicants to 
describe parental engagement activities. No specific requirement exists in the House amendment. 
SR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing: 
(V) a description of how the eligible appli-
cant will support the use of effective parent, family, and community engagement strate-gies to operate each charter school that will 
receive funds under the State entity’s pro-gram; and 
68. The Senate bill includes ‘‘from eligible 
applicants’’ after applications. 
LC 69. The House amendment refers to ‘‘State 
entity,’’ while the Senate bill uses ‘‘entity’’. 
SR 70. The Senate bill requires a description of 
how the State entity will help ‘‘address’’ transportation needs, while the House amendment uses ‘‘consider’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike (F) 
and insert the following: 
‘‘(F) a description of how the State entity 
will ensure each charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program have considered and planned for the transpor-tation needs of the schools’ students; and’’ 
71. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires information about State open meetings and open records laws. 
HR 72. The House amendment requires a de-
scription of how the State entity will sup-port diverse charter models. The Senate bill includes no such provision. 
SR 73. The House amendment requires ‘‘a de-
scription of how assurances will be met.’’ The Senate bill requires an assurance. 
HR 74. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘autonomy in per-sonnel decisions’’ under autonomy of budget and operations. 
HR 75. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross references (but both refer to identical language). 
LC 76. The House amendment refers to the 
‘‘State entity’s program’’ while the Senate bill refers to the ‘‘entity’s’’ program. 
SR 77. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the State entity to hold authorizers accountable for ensuring that charter schools meet federal compliance requirements. 
SR 78. The Senate bill and House amendment 
requires States to ensure authorizers will 
monitor recruitment and enrollment proc-esses. The Senate bill also includes moni-toring of ‘‘retaining’’ students and requires authorizes to provide technical assistance. See 3103(2)(D) for similar technical assist-ance in the House amendment. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and pro-
vides adequate technical assistance to’’ 
79. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires authorizers to have over-sight of schools to ensure they solicit parent and community input. 
HR 80. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires that State entities provide adequate technical assistance to eligible en-tities to meet program objectives. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and (ix)’’ 
after ‘‘(viii)’’ and strike paragraph (ii) 
81. The House amendment requires States 
to provide technical assistance for recruit-ing, enrolling, and retaining ‘‘underserved students’’ at ‘‘rates similar to public schools,’’ while the Senate bill does not make this distinction. See sec. 5103(2)(C) for slightly similar provisions. 
HR 82. The Senate bill and House amendment 
requires promoting quality authorizing, but the Senate bill clarifies this action to be consistent with State law. 
HR 83. The House amendment requires the in-
clusion of measures as part of the annual as-sessment of performance data, as appro-priate, whereas the Senate bill lists meas-ures as examples. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.149 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8600 November 30, 2015 
SR 
84. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description of how the State entity will work to ensure that charter schools are included in decisionmaking. 
SR 85. The Senate bill requires this info to be 
published on the school website, and must include parent contract requirements, finan-cial obligations, and enrollment criteria. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘in the 
State’’ and insert ‘‘, receiving funds under the State entity’s program,’’ 
86. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, clarifies that annual performance data is not necessary if the results would re-veal personally identifiable information and includes ‘‘any other information the State requires all public schools to be reported.’’ 
HR with amendment to insert at the end of 
(E) ‘‘, except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the num-ber of students in a group is insufficient to yield statically reliable information or the re-sults would reveal personally identifiable in-formation about an individual student’’ 
87. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use slightly different wording. 
SR 88. The House amendment refers to ‘‘the 
law’’, while the Senate refers to ‘‘such law’’. 
HR 89. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to consider the actual number of schools to be opened and students served, whereas the House amendment uses the term ‘‘ambitious-ness’’ of the State entity’s objectives for the program. 
SR 90. The House amendment includes a selec-
tion criteria for quality strategies that as-sess achievement of program objectives. 
HR 91. The Senate bill focuses on schools’ 
progress toward meeting the definition of a high-quality charter school, whereas the House amendment focuses on meeting appli-cant objectives. 
SR 91a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language on the State entity’s plan. 
SR 92. Both the House amendment and the 
Senate bill require State entities to monitor subgrantees, but the House amendment uses the qualifier ‘‘adequate’’ to describe moni-toring practices. 
SR 93. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires States to describe how they will avoid duplication of work. 
SR 94. Both the House amendment and the 
Senate bill require States to describe plans for technical assistance, but the House amendment uses the qualifier ‘‘adequate’’ for technical assistance. 
HR 94a. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill have different language in (I). 
LC 95. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment use different list structures. 
LC 95a. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different language regarding au-thorized public chartering agencies. 
SR 95b. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different language regarding ap-peals. 
HR 96. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, gives priority to States without caps on charter schools. 
HR 97. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment use slightly different wording. SR 
98. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a State entity to dem-onstrate that its State offers these opportu-nities. 
HR 99. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, lists the ability to share in bonds or mill levies. 
HR 100. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, gives priority to States that partner with organizations that have been successful in supporting statewide charter development. 
HR 
101. Both the House amendment and the 
Senate bill give priority to States that sup-port charter schools that engage in dropout prevention activities, but the House amend-ment adds comprehensive career counseling practices. 
SR 102. The Senate bill gives priority to States 
that offer charter schools a high degree of autonomy. 
SR 103. The House amendment grants priority 
for States that authorize all charter schools to serve as school food authorities. 
HR 104. The Senate bill uses ‘‘may include’’, 
whereas the House amendment uses ‘‘such as’’ to describe allowable use of funds. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘may’’ and 
insert ‘‘shall’’ and to insert ‘‘one or more of the following activities—’’ after ‘‘include’’ 
104a. The House amendment includes ‘‘open 
and prepare to operate’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘carry out 
activities related to opening a new charter school, replicating a high-quality charter school, or expanding a high-quality charter school, which may include’’ and insert ‘‘sup-port one or more of the activities described in subsection (b)(1), which shall include one or more of the following activities’’ 
105. The Senate bill allows charter schools 
to use funding for ‘‘acquisition, expansion, or preparation’’ of a school building, while the House amendment allows funding to be used for necessary renovations and minor repairs. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike para-
graphs (1) through (6) an insert the fol-lowing: 
(1) preparing teachers, school leaders, and 
specialized instructional support personnel, including through paying the costs associ-ated with— 
(A) providing professional development; (B) hiring and compensating, during the el-
igible applicant’s planning period specified in the application for subgrant funds re-quired under this section, one or more of the following— 
(i) teachers, (ii) School leaders; or (iii) Specialized instructional support per-
sonnel; 
(2) Acquiring supplies, training, equip-
ment, including technology, and educational materials, including developing and acquir-ing instructional materials; 
(3) Carrying out necessary renovations, in-
cluding renovations to ensure that a new school building complies with applicable statutes and regulations, and minor facili-ties repair (excluding construction). 
(4) Providing one-time, startup costs asso-
ciated with providing transportation to stu-dents to and from the charter school; 
(5) community engagement activities, 
which may include the cost of students and staff recruitment; or 
(6) Providing for other appropriate, non- 
sustained costs related to planning, opening, and preparing to operate a new charter school, replicating a high-quality charter school, or expanding a high-quality charter 
school when such costs cannot be met from other sources. 
106. The Senate bill allows funding to be 
used for hiring teachers, while the House amendment allows funding to be used for ‘‘preparing’’ teachers and school leaders. The Senate bill refers to professional develop-ment in (4). 
See note 105. 107. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be used to provide transportation. 
See note 105. 108. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment allow funding to be used for instruc-tional materials and supplies. The Senate bill also allows funding to be used to hire ad-ditional nonteaching staff. 
See note 105. 109. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a general use of funds allowance. 
See note 105. Report Language: ‘‘Conferees intend for 
subgrantees to be able to use funding to pay the costs associated with professional devel-opment, which may include training for charter school board members on how to ful-fill their oversight, management, and gov-ernance responsibilities and effectively sup-port charter schools.’’ 
110. The Senate bill allows funding to be 
used for early childhood education programs, while the House amendment does not. 
SR 111. While the Senate bill and House 
amendment have different grant period lim-its, reports under both bills are required at the end of the third year, and two years afterward (effectively). 
SR 111a. The Senate bill and House amend-
ment have different language in (1). 
HR 
112. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires the State to report on how it met the State-determined objectives outlined in the State’s application. 
SR 113. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain similar language. The Senate bill ad-ditionally requires States to report on the amount of each subgrant awarded. 
HR 114. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain similar language, although the House amendment requires States to report on their progress on all priorities, as applica-ble, whereas the Senate bill only requires re-porting on some of those priorities. 
HR/SR 114a. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different language in Senate (B) and House (5). 
LC 115. The Senate bill requires reporting on 
subgrantee use of funds for early childhood programs, if applicable. 
SR 116. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different section numbers. 
LC 
117. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to award not less than 3 grants. The House amendment does not contain a grant number directive, but does require the Secretary to consider the diversity of applications when awarding grants. 
HR 118. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, refers to applicant as eligible entity. 
LC 119. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a reference to sub-section (a). 
LC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.150 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8601 November 30, 2015 
120. The Senate bill clarifies that 
predevelopment costs qualify as costs re-lated to construction of new facilities. 
SR 121. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain substantively identical lan-guage. 
SR 122. The House amendment includes the ap-
plicable subsection [(e)]. 
LC 123. The House amendment clarifies the ap-
plicable section [(a)]. 
LC 124. The House amendment clarifies an ex-
clusion for subsection (k). 
SR 125. The Senate bill clarifies an exclusion 
for subsection (k), and the House amendment clarifies the applicable subsection [(a)]. 
SR 126. The House amendment clarifies the ap-
plicable subsection [(f)(1)]. 
SR 127. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, clarifies that GEPA applies to recovery of funds. 
LC 128. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a reference to U.S. Code. 
LC 129. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical, but use different section ref-erences. 
LC 129a. The House amendment and Senate 
bill have different language for supplement, not supplant language. 
SR 130. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, clarifies an exception for clause [(ii)]. 
HR 131. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains provisions regarding States without per-pupil facilities aid pro-grams specified in State law. 
SR 132. The Senate bill directs the Secretary 
to reserve not less than 80 percent of funds for the CMO competition. The House amend-ment reserves not less than 75 percent for a grant competition to serve CMOs and appli-cants that did not apply/receive a grant under section 3103. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘less’’ and 
insert ‘‘more’’ 
133. The Senate bill reserves the remainder 
of funds (essentially not more than 20%) for the remaining national activities. The House amendment directs the Secretary to reserve not more than 25% for the remaining na-tional activities. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert the 
following: 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 4302(b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
(1) use not more than 80 percent of such 
funds to award grants in accordance with subsection (b); 
(2) use not more than 9 percent of such 
funds to award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible applicants for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in section 4303(h) in— 
(A) a State that did not apply for a grant 
under section 4303; or 
(B) a State that did not receive a grant 
under section 4303; and 
134. The Senate bill allows funding for na-
tional activities to be used to award grants to eligible applicants in states that did not receive a grant under section 5103. The House amendment includes this program in the CMO competition. 
See note 133. 135. The Senate bill authorizes grants for 
CMOs and nonprofits to replicate and expand high-quality charter school models, whereas the House amendment also authorizes the grants for start-ups, and delineates allowable activities as defined under the State grant competition. 
HR 136. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment both define eligible entities as CMOs, but the Senate bill also encompasses non-profits overseeing CMOs, and the House amendment extends grants to eligible appli-cants in states that did not receive a grant, and does not extend eligibility to nonprofits. 
HR with amendment to strike subpara-
graph (A) 
137. The Senate bill outlines specific appli-
cation requirements for grants available under this subsection, whereas the House amendment uses the same terms and condi-tions required under section 3103. 
HR 138. The House amendment also reserves 75 
percent of the subsection (b) grant competi-tion for CMOs. 
HR 139. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment selection criteria for subsection (b) grants are similar, but not identical. 
HR/SR with amendment to read as follows: 
(2) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—An eligible 
entity desiring to receive a grant under this subsection shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The applica-tion shall include the following: 
(A) E
XISTING CHARTER SCHOOL DATA .—For 
each charter school currently operated or managed by the eligible entity— 
(i) student assessment results for all stu-
dents and for each category of students de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); 
(ii) attendance and student retention rates 
for the most recently completed school year and, if applicable, the most recent available 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates (as such rates were calculated on the day before enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act); and 
(iii) information on any significant compli-
ance and management issues encountered within the last 3 years by any school oper-ated or managed by the eligible entity, in-cluding in the areas of student safety and fi-nance. 
(B) D
ESCRIPTIONS .—A description of— 
(i) the eligible entity’s objectives for imple-
menting a high-quality charter school pro-gram with funding under this subsection, in-cluding a description of the proposed number of high-quality charter schools to be rep-licated or expanded with funding under this subsection. 
(ii) the educational program that the eligi-
ble entity will implement in the charter schools that the eligible entity proposes to replicate or expand, including information on how the program will enable all students to meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1), the grade levels or ages of students who will be served, and the instructional practices that will be used. 
(iii) how the operation of the charter 
schools to be replicated or expanded will be sustained after the grant under this sub-section has ended, which shall include a multi-year financial and operating model for the eligible entity. 
(iv) how the eligible entity will ensure 
schools that expand or replicate using fund-ing provided under this section will recruit and enroll students, including children with disabilities, English learners, and other edu-cationally disadvantaged students. 
(v) any request and justification for any 
waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory requirements that the eligible entity be-
lieves are necessary for the successful oper-ation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded with funding under this sub-section. 
(C) A
SSURANCES .—An assurance that the eli-
gible entity has sufficient procedures in ef-fect to ensure timely closure of low-per-forming or financially mismanaged charter schools and clear plans and procedures in ef-fect for the students in such schools to at-tend other high-quality schools; and 
(3) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall select eligible entities to receive grants under this subsection, on the basis of the quality of the applications submitted under paragraph (2), after taking into consider-ation such factors as— 
(A) the degree to which the eligible entity 
has demonstrated success in increasing aca-demic achievement for all students and for each of the [subgroup] of students defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A) attending the charter schools the eligible entity operates or man-ages; 
(B) a determination that the eligible entity 
has not operated or managed a significant proportion of charter schools that— 
(i) have been closed; (ii) have had a school charter revoked due 
to problems with statutory or regulatory compliance; or 
(iii) have had the school’s affiliation with 
the eligible entity revoked or removed, in-cluding through voluntary disaffiliation; and 
(C) a determination that the eligible entity 
has not experienced significant problems with statutory or regulatory compliance that could lead to the revocation of a school’s charter; and 
(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this 
section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
(A) plan to operate or manage high-quality 
charter schools with racially and socioeconomically diverse student bodies; 
(B) demonstrate success in working with 
schools identified for improvement by the State; 
(C) propose to replicate high-quality char-
ter school that are secondary schools or ex-pand high-quality charter school models to serve secondary school students; or 
(D) propose to operate or manage high-qual-
ity charter schools that focus on dropout re-covery and academic reentry. 
140. The Senate bill and House amendment 
allow grants to be made on the basis of the quality of the application submitted. The Senate bill provides more detail on the appli-cation requirements under (2). See note 137. 
See note 139. 141. The Senate bill includes selection cri-
teria for demonstrated success in student achievement for all students. 
See note 139. 142. The House amendment includes selec-
tion criteria for the number of network schools that meet the definition of a high- quality charter school. 
See note 139. 143. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment require considering the demonstrated success in serving educationally disadvan-taged students, and the Senate bill extends this provision to each of the categories of students and includes a cross-reference. 
See note 139. 144. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires the Secretary consider whether the applicant has school closure procedures. 
See note 139. 145. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to con-sider the applicant’s financial and oper-ational model. 
See note 139. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.077 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8602 November 30, 2015 
146. The Senate bill and House amendment 
require the Secretary to take into account whether the applicant has managed unsuc-cessful charter schools, but use different wording to describe such charter schools. 
See note 139. 147. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a determination re-garding statutory or regulatory compliance. 
See note 139. 148. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires the Secretary to con-sider the applicant’s demonstrated success working with schools identified for improve-ment. 
See note 139. 149. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, prioritizes applicants serving high numbers of disadvantaged students. 
See note 139. 
150. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
LC 151. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes the manner in which the Secretary may award grants. 
HR 152. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds new subsection (c) to ex-plain how Title I, Part A funding should be calculated for a new or significantly expand-ing charter schools. 
HR 153. The Senate bill amends the definition 
of a charter school, while the House amend-ment moves the definition of a charter school to Title VI. 
HR 154. The Senate bill includes the term ‘‘op-
erates or manages multiple’’ while the House amendment includes ‘‘manages a network of’’ in the definition of charter management organization. 
SR with an amendment to add ‘‘operates 
or’’ after ‘‘organization that’’ 
155. The Senate bill specifies a minimum 
threshold of 50 percent or adding 2 or more grades for determining whether a high-qual-ity charter school has expanded. The House amendment uses the term ‘‘significantly’’ in-creased and specifies adding 1 or more grades. 
SR 156. The House amendment does not con-
tain the qualifier ‘‘student’’. 
HR 157. The House amendment includes cross 
reference to Title I requirements. 
HR 158. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘cat-
egories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A)’’ and insert ‘‘subgroups of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(c)(2)’’ 
159. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a requirement that replicated charter schools must be operated or managed by the same nonprofit organiza-tion. 
SR 160. The Senate bill authorizes ‘‘such 
sums’’ annually through 2021, while the House amendment authorizes $300 million annually through 2019. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: 
SEC. 5111. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out the activities of this part, $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
TITLE V—MAGNETS NOTES 
1. The Senate bill redesignates Part C as 
Part B of Title V and redesignates sections accordingly throughout, while the House amendment redesignates Part C as subpart 2 
of Title III. 
HR/SR with amendment to redesignate as 
part D of Title IV 
2. The Senate bill includes the findings in 
current law, while the House amendment strikes such findings. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘2,000,000’’ 
and insert ‘‘2,500,000’’ and strike ‘‘65’’ and in-sert ‘‘69’’ 
3. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds socioeconomic integration to this purpose in paragraph (1). 
SR 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘expansion’’ in addition to development and implementation. 
HR 5. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging’’ 
standards, and references standards under Title I. 
HR 6. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘expansion’’ in addition to development and design. 
HR 7. The Senate uses the phrase ‘‘enter the 
workforce without the need for postsec-ondary education’’ while the House amend-ment refers to ‘‘postsecondary education or employment’’. 
SR 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, inserts language about ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds. 
SR 9. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, refers to authorized appropriations for the program. 
HR 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a requirement to submit any available evidence of increasing integra-tion. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘or if 
such evidence is no available, a rationale, based on current research, for’’ before ‘‘how the proposed magnet school’’ 
11. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a requirement to submit evidence to support this description. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘including 
any evidence, or if such evidence is not avail-able, a rationale based on current research findings, to support such description.’’ at the end of (B) 
12. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a description of how the applicant will monitor the impact of funded activities. 
HR 13. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. LC 14. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar modifications referring to ‘‘ef-fective’’ rather than ‘‘highly qualified’’ teachers. 
LC 15. The Senate bill expands anti-discrimi-
nation requirements to cover current ac-tions. 
SR 16. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. LC 17. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. LC 18. The Senate bill adds evidence-based pri-
orities for creating new, or revising, and ex-panding magnet school programs. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert the 
following: 
(2) propose to— (A) carry out a new, evidence-based mag-
net school program; 
(B) significantly revise an existing magnet 
school program, using evidence-based meth-ods and practices, as available; or 
(C) expand or replicate an existing magnet 
school program that has a demonstrated record of success in increasing student aca-
demic achievement, and reducing isolation of minority groups 
(3) propose to select students to attend 
magnet school programs by methods such as lottery, rather than through academic exam-ination; and 
(4) propose to increaseracial integration by 
taking into account socioeconomic diversityin designing and implementing magnet school programs 
19. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. HR 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an additional use of funds to establish, expand, or strengthen inter-dis-trict magnet programs. 
HR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing after paragraph (8): 
(9) to provide transportation to and from 
the magnet school, provided that such trans-portation is sustainable beyond the grant pe-riod. 
21. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain similar language, but the House amendment lists out specific aca-demic courses, whereas the Senate bill refers to academic, career, or technological skills and professional skills. 
SR 22. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging’’ 
standards, and references standards under Title I. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides for a possible two year grant renewal. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘3’’ and in-
sert ‘‘5’’ in (a) and strike (c) and insert the follwoing: 
(c) A
MOUNT .—No grant awarded under this 
part to a local educational agency, or con-sortium of such agencies, shall be for more than $15,000,000 for the grant period referred to in subsection (a) 
24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the award month to June. 
HR 25. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 5310 as section 3127, while the Senate bill strikes this evaluation in entirety. 
HR 26. The Senate bill authorizes the program 
at such sums as may be necessary. The House amendment moves this provision to Section 3 and authorizes funding at $91,600,000. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘such sums 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and insert ‘‘$94,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, $96,820,000 for fiscal year 2018, $102,387,150 for fiscal year 2019, $108,530,379 for fiscal year 2020’’ 
27. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an allowable reservation for technical assistance. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘carry out 
dissemination projects’’ and insert ‘‘share best practices’’ 
28. The House amendment and Senate bill 
refer to different cross references for author-ized appropriations for the program. 
HR 
TITLE V PART C–L—PROGRAMS 
1. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Supporting High- Ability Learners and Learning program. 
HR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing as a new Title IV Part [F]: 
SEC. 4XXX. SUPPORTING HIGH-ABILITY LEARN-
ERS AND LEARNING. 
[(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to promote a coordinated program, to be known as the ‘Jacob K. Javits Gifted and Talented Students Education Program’, of evidence-based research, demonstration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.078 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8603 November 30, 2015 
projects, innovative strategies, and similar 
activities designed to build and enhance the ability of elementary schools and secondary schools nationwide to identify gifted and tal-ented students and meet their special edu-cational needs.] 
(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary (after con-
sultation with experts in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students) shall make awards to, or enter into contracts with, State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, institutions of higher education, other public agencies, and other private agencies and organizations to assist such agencies, institutions, or organizations, or the Bureau, in carrying out programs or projects to fulfill the purpose described in section 4641(a)(3), including the training of personnel in the identification and education of gifted and talented students and in the use, where appropriate, of gifted and tal-
ented services, materials, and methods for all students. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—Each entity seeking as-
sistance under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. Each application shall describe how— 
(A) the proposed identification methods, as 
well as gifted and talented services, mate-rials, and methods, can be adapted, if appro-priate, for use by all students; and 
(B) the proposed programs can be evalu-
ated. 
(c) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Programs and projects 
assisted under this section may include each of the following: 
(1) Conducting evidence-based research on 
methods and techniques for identifying and teaching gifted and talented students and for using gifted and talented programs and methods to identify and provide the oppor-tunity for all students to be served, particu-larly low-income and at-risk students. 
(2) Establishing and operating programs 
and projects for identifying and serving gift-ed and talented students, including innova-tive methods and strategies for identifying and educating students who may not be served by traditional gifted and talented pro-grams (such as summer programs, mentoring programs, peer tutoring programs, service learning programs, and cooperative learning programs involving business, industry, and education). 
(3) Providing technical assistance and dis-
seminating information, which may include how gifted and talented programs and meth-ods may be adapted for use by all students, particularly low-income and at-risk stu-dents. 
(d) C
ENTER FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary (after con-
sultation with experts in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students) may establish a National Research Center for the Education of Gifted and Talented Children and Youth through grants to, or contracts with, one or more institutions of higher edu-cation or State educational agencies, or a combination or consortium of such institu-tions and agencies and other public or pri-vate agencies and organizations, for the pur-pose of carrying out activities described in subsection (c). 
(2) D
IRECTOR .—The National Center shall 
be headed by a Director. The Secretary may authorize the Director to carry out such functions of the National Center as may be agreed upon through arrangements with in-stitutions of higher education, State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, or other public or private agencies and organizations. (e) C
OORDINATION .—Evidence-based activi-
ties supported under this section— 
(1) shall be carried out in consultation 
with the Institute of Education Sciences to ensure that such activities are coordinated with and enhance the research and develop-ment activities supported by the Institute; and 
(2) may include collaborative evidence- 
based activities which are jointly funded and carried out with such Institute. 
(f) G
ENERAL PRIORITY .—In carrying out 
this section, the Secretary shall give highest priority to programs and projects designed to— 
(1) develop new information that— (A) improves the capability of schools to 
plan, conduct, and improve programs to identify and serve gifted and talented stu-dents; or 
(B) assists schools in the identification of, 
and provision of services to, gifted and tal-ented students (including economically dis-advantaged individuals, individuals who are English learners, and children with disabil-ities) who may not be identified and served through traditional assessment methods; or 
(2) implement evidence-based activities, 
defined in this section as activities that meet the requirements of [section 8101(23)(A)(i).] 
(g) P
ARTICIPATION OF PRIVATE SCHOOL CHIL-
DREN AND TEACHERS .—In making grants and 
entering into contracts under this section, the Secretary shall ensure, where appro-priate, that provision is made for the equi-table participation of students and teachers in private nonprofit elementary schools and secondary schools, including the participa-tion of teachers and other personnel in pro-
fessional development programs serving such students. 
(h) R
EVIEW , DISSEMINATION , AND EVALUA -
TION.—The Secretary shall— 
(1) use a peer-review process in reviewing 
applications under this section; 
(2) ensure that information on the activi-
ties and results of programs and projects funded under this section is disseminated to appropriate State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and other appropriate organizations, including nonprofit private organizations; and 
(3) evaluate the effectiveness of programs 
under this section in accordance with section 8601, in terms of the impact on students tra-ditionally served in separate gifted and tal-ented programs and on other students, and submit the results of such evaluation to Con-gress not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
(i) P
ROGRAM OPERATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the programs under this section are administered within the Depart-ment by a person who has recognized profes-sional qualifications and experience in the field of the education of gifted and talented students and who shall— 
(1) administer and coordinate the programs 
authorized under this section; 
(2) serve as a focal point of national leader-
ship and information on the educational needs of gifted and talented students and the availability of educational services and pro-grams designed to meet such needs; 
(3) assist the Director of the Institute of 
Education Sciences in identifying research priorities that reflect the needs of gifted and talented students; and 
(4) disseminate, and consult on, the infor-
mation developed under this section with other offices within the Department.’’ 
2. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Education Inno-vation and Research program. See note 78. 
HR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing as a new Title IV Part [F]: SEC. 4611. GRANTS FOR EDUCATION INNOVATION 
AND RESEARCH. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds reserved 
under section 4601(b)(2)(A), the Secretary shall make grants to eligible entities to en-able the eligible entities to— 
(A) develop, implement, replicate, or scale 
entrepreneurial, evidence-based, field-initi-ated innovations to improve student achieve-ment and attainment for high-need students; and 
(B) rigorously evaluate such innovations. (2) D
ESCRIPTION OF GRANTS .—The grants de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) early-phase grants to fund the develop-
ment, implementation, and feasibility test-ing of a program, which prior research sug-gests has promise, for the purpose of deter-mining whether the program can success-fully improve student achievement or at-tainment for high-need students; 
(B) mid-phase grants to fund implementa-
tion and a rigorous evaluation of a program that has been successfully implemented under an early-phase grant described in sub-paragraph (A) or other effort meeting similar criteria, for the purpose of measuring the program’s impact and cost effectiveness, if possible using existing administrative data; and 
(C) expansion grants to fund implementa-
tion and a rigorous replication evaluation of a program that has been found to produce sizable, important impacts under a mid- phase grant described in subparagraph (B) or other effort meeting similar criteria, for the purposes of— 
(i) determining whether such impacts can 
be successfully reproduced and sustained over time; and 
(ii) identifying the conditions in which the 
program is most effective. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this subpart, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the fol-lowing: 
(1) A local educational agency. (2) A State educational agency. (3) The Bureau of Indian Education. (4) A consortium of State educational 
agencies or local educational agencies. 
(5) A State educational agency, a local edu-
cational agency, or the Bureau of Indian Education, in partnership with— 
(A) a nonprofit organization; (B) a business; (C) an educational service agency; or (D) an institution of higher education. 
(c) R
URAL AREAS .—In awarding grants 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall en-sure that not less than 25 percent of the funds made available for any fiscal year are awarded for programs that meet both of the following requirements: 
(1) The grantee is— (A) a local educational agency with an 
urban-centric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; 
(B) a consortium of such local educational 
agencies; or 
(C) an educational service agency or a non-
profit organization in partnership with such a local educational agency. 
(2) A majority of the schools to be served 
by the program are designated with a school locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or a com-bination of such codes, as determined by the Secretary. 
(d) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—In order to receive a 
grant under subsection (a), an eligible entity shall demonstrate that the eligible entity will provide matching funds in an amount equal to 10 percent of the funds provided under such grant, except that the Secretary may waive the matching funds requirement, on a case-by-case basis, upon a showing of exceptional circumstances, such as— 
(1) the difficulty of raising matching funds 
for a program to serve a rural area; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.080 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8604 November 30, 2015 
(2) the difficulty of raising matching funds 
in areas with a concentration of local edu-cational agencies or schools with a high per-centage of students aged 5 through 17— 
(A) who are in poverty, as counted in the 
most recent census data approved by the Secretary; 
(B) who are eligible for a free or reduced 
price lunch under the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
(C) whose families receive assistance under 
the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
(D) who are eligible to receive medical as-
sistance under the Medicaid program; and 
(3) the difficulty of raising funds in des-
ignated tribal areas. 
(e) E
VALUATION .—Each recipient of a grant 
under this section shall conduct an inde-pendent evaluation of the effectiveness of the program carried out with a grant under this section carried out under subsection (a)(1). 
(f) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
may reserve not more than 5 percent of the funds appropriated under section 4601(b)(2)(A) for each fiscal year to provide technical assistance for eligibility entities, which may include pre-application work-shops and web-based seminars, and to dis-seminate best practices. 
3. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Accelerated Learning program. See note 78. 
SR 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Ready-to-Learn program. See note 78. 
HR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing as a new Title IV Part [F]: 
SEC. 4XXX. READY TO LEARN PROGRAMMING. 
(a) A WARDS TOPROMOTE SCHOOL READINESS  
THROUGH READY TOLEARN PROGRAMMING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Awards made to eligible 
entities described in paragraph (3) to fulfill the purpose described in section 4641(a)(2) shall— 
[(A) be known as ‘Ready to Learn Pro-
gramming awards’; and] 
(B) be used to— (i) develop, produce, and distribute edu-
cational and instructional video program-ming for preschool and elementary school children and their parents in order to facili-tate student academic achievement; 
(ii) facilitate the development, directly or 
through contracts with producers of chil-dren’s and family educational television pro-gramming, of educational programming for preschool and elementary school children, and the accompanying support materials and services that promote the effective use of such programming; 
(iii) facilitate the development of program-
ming and digital content containing Ready- to-Learn-based children’s programming and resources for parents and caregivers that is specially designed for nationwide distribu-tion over public television stations’ digital broadcasting channels and the Internet; 
(iv) contract with entities (such as public 
telecommunications entities) so that pro-gramming developed under this section are disseminated and distributed to the widest possible audience appropriate to be served by the programming, and through the use of the most appropriate distribution technologies; and 
(v) develop and disseminate education and 
training materials, including interactive programs and programs adaptable to dis-tance learning technologies, that are de-signed— 
(I) to promote school readiness; and (II) to promote the effective use of mate-
rials developed under clauses (ii) and (iii) among parents, teachers, Head Start pro-
viders, providers of family literacy services, child care providers, early childhood devel-opment personnel, elementary school teach-ers, public libraries, and after-school pro-gram personnel caring for preschool and ele-mentary school children. 
(2) A
VAILABILITY .—In awarding or entering 
into grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-ments under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that eligible entities described in paragraph (3) make programming widely available, with support materials as appro-priate, to young children, parents, child care workers, Head Start providers, and providers of family literacy services to increase the ef-fective use of such programming. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under this section, an entity shall be a public telecommunications entity that is able to demonstrate each of the following: 
(A) A capacity for the development and na-
tional distribution of educational and in-structional television programming of high quality that is accessible by a large majority of disadvantaged preschool and elementary school children. 
(B) A capacity to contract with the pro-
ducers of children’s television programming for the purpose of developing educational television programming of high quality. 
(C) A capacity, consistent with the entity’s 
mission and nonprofit nature, to negotiate such contracts in a manner that returns to the entity an appropriate share of any ancil-lary income from sales of any program-re-lated products. 
(D) A capacity to localize programming 
and materials to meet specific State and local needs and to provide educational out-reach at the local level. 
(4) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—An entity 
receiving a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall consult with the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
(A) to maximize the utilization of quality 
educational programming by preschool and elementary school children, and make such programming widely available to Federally funded programs serving such populations; and 
(B) to coordinate activities with Federal 
programs that have major training compo-nents for early childhood development, in-cluding programs under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) and State training ac-tivities funded under the Child Care and De-velopment Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), regarding the availability and utilization of materials developed under paragraph (1)(B)(v) to enhance parent and child care provider skills in early childhood development and education. 
(b) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under subsection (a), an entity shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. The application shall in-clude— 
(1) a description of the activities to be car-
ried out under this section; 
(2) a list of the types of entities with which 
such entity will enter into contracts under subsection (a)(1)(B)(iv); 
(3) a description of the activities the entity 
will undertake widely to disseminate the content developed under this section; and 
(4) a description of how the entity will 
comply with subsection (a)(2). 
(c) R
EPORTS AND EVALUATIONS .— 
(1) A NNUAL REPORT TO SECRETARY .—An en-
tity receiving a grant, contract, or coopera-tive agreement under this section shall pre-pare and submit to the Secretary an annual report.The report shall describe the program activities undertaken with funds received 
under the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, including each of the following: 
(A) The programming that has been devel-
oped, directly or indirectly, by the eligible entity, and the target population of the pro-gramming. 
(B) The support and training materials 
that have been developed to accompany the programming, and the method by which the materials are distributed to consumers and users of the programming. 
(C) The means by which programming de-
veloped under this section has been distrib-uted, including the distance learning tech-nologies that have been utilized to make pro-gramming available, and the geographic dis-tribution achieved through such tech-nologies. 
(D) The initiatives undertaken by the enti-
ty to develop public-private partnerships to secure non-Federal support for the develop-ment, distribution, and broadcast of edu-cational and instructional programming. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives a biannual report that includes the following: 
(A) A summary of the activities assisted 
under subsection (a). 
(B) A description of the education and 
training materials made available under sub-section (a)(1)(B)(v), the manner in which out-reach has been conducted to inform parents and child care providers of the availability of such materials, and the manner in which such materials have been distributed in ac-cordance with such subsection. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—An entity that 
receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section may use up to 5 percent of the amount received under the grant, contract, or agreement for the normal and customary expenses of administering the grant, contract, or agreement. 
(e) F
UNDING RULE.—Not less than 60 per-
cent [of the amount used by the Secretary to carry out this section] for each fiscal year shall be used to carry out activities under clauses (ii) through (iv) of of subsection (a)(1)(B). 
5. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different names for these programs. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 6. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, enumerates specific purposes for this program. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 7. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes findings. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, defines ‘‘digital learning’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 9. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, defines the term ‘‘eligible partner-ship’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, defines the term ‘‘eligible tech-nology’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, defines the term ‘‘school partner’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 12. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, defines the term ‘‘digital learning partner’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, defines the term ‘‘technology readiness survey’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 14. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, defines the term ‘‘evaluation part-ner’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.080 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8605 November 30, 2015 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 
15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, defines the term ‘‘universal de-sign for learning’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 16. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, defines the term ‘‘institution of higher education’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 17. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, defines the term ‘‘local educational agency’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 18. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, defines the term ‘‘Secretary’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains restrictions con-cerning the E–Rate program. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 20. The Senate bill authorizes grants to 
States for the purposes of subgranting on a competitive or formula basis depending on appropriated levels. The House amendment authorizes a competitive grant program di-rectly to eligible partnerships. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 21. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, specifies grant reservations. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 22. The House amendment sets grant period 
parameters between 3–5 years. The Senate bill is silent on grant period descriptions— both for grants and subgrants—but requires the Secretary to make grants for each fiscal year. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 23. The House amendment names the 
school as the fiscal agent. The Senate bill di-rects grants to State educational agencies. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, defines minimum allotment re-quirements to States. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 
25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, defines reallotment require-ments. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 26. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a State match of fund-ing from non-federal sources. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 27. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows for an exception to the State match requirement. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 28. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different lead-ins to the application contents. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on pro-moting college and career readiness, includ-ing with isolated populations. 
SR 30. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on profes-sional development on personalized learning and open educational resources. 
SR 31. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on build-ing infrastructure. 
SR 32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance that each local educational agency will conduct a tech-nology readiness survey. 
SR 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance on inter-operable technology systems. 
SR 34. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance on mak-ing content widely available. 
SR 35. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on how the state will award subgrants. 
SR 36. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on how the state will evaluate program impact. 
SR 37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance on con-sultation with local educational agencies. 
SR 38. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance on match-ing funds. 
SR 39. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance on pri-vacy. 
SR 40. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance that fund-ing will supplement, not supplant Federal, State, or local funds. 
SR 41. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description of the eligible partnership. 
SR 42. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description on tech-nology-based learning. 
SR 43. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires an assurance on relevant teacher licensure requirements. 
SR 44. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires an assurance on student ac-cess to equipment. 
HR 45. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires an assurance on parental consent. 
HR 
46. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description about the need, quality, and strength of partnership experience, and quality of evaluation. 
HR 47. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description on how the evaluation complies with IES evaluation de-sign. 
HR 48. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description on the pro-gram evaluation design that meets the pa-rameters required under this part. See note 71. 
HR 49. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a description on the number of students receiving benefits. 
HR 50. The House amendment gives the Sec-
retary discretion to add to the program ap-plication. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 51. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires a peer review process for re-viewing applications. 
HR 52. The House amendment requires the Sec-
retary to enforce grant diversity. The Senate bill contains no similar provision in require-ments for subgrants. 
HR 53. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, contains Selection Criteria. 
HR 54. The House amendment requires dedi-
cated funding for rural schools. The Senate bill does not contain a rural set-aside, but does prioritize schools serving rural areas. See sec. 5706 (a)(2) on Senate priorities for subgrantees. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 55. The Senate bill defines specific uses of 
funds for States. The House amendment does not contain any similar provisions. 
SR 56. The Senate bill allows State grantees to 
reserve 10 percent of grant funds for state-wide activities. The House amendment does not contain any similar provisions. 
SR 57. The Senate bill defines specific uses of 
funds for State grantees. The House amend-ment does not contain any similar provi-sions. 
SR 58. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains parameters around State purchasing consortia. 
SR 59. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires competitive or formula subgrants depending on appropriations. 
SR 60. The Senate bill details requirements on 
the subgrant application. The House amend-ment does not contain a subgrant competi-tion. See section 905 for information on the House amendment grant application. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 61. The Senate bill prescribes local uses of 
funds for subgrantees. The House amend-ment prescribes uses for funds for eligible partnerships. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 62. The Senate bill requires not less than 25 
percent of funds to be used for technology in-
frastructure. The House amendment uses dif-ferent wording, includes examples, and does not specify a percentage for infrastructure. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 63. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows a State to modify the percentage of funds for technology infra-structure. 
SR 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows local educational agen-cies to form purchasing consortium. 
SR 65. The Senate bill allows funding to be 
used for blended learning projects. The House amendment contains no similar provi-sion but includes blended learning language in the Local Academic Flexible grant. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 66. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes examples of practices and strategies to be used to inform instruction. 
HR 67. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires funds to be used for stu-dents with specific educational needs. 
HR 68. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes examples of tools, courses, and strategies to help students develop 21st Century skills. 
HR 69. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes examples of online courses. 
HR 70. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a report submitted to the Secretary on the status of the State’s plan, the type of technology acquired, and the activities funded under this section. See note 71 on the report on the evaluation. 
SR 71. The House amendment requires part-
nerships to complete an independent evalua-tion of the grant activities. The Senate bill does not require such an evaluation, al-though the bill does require a report to the Secretary on grant activities. 
HR 72. The Senate bill authorizes the program 
at such sums. The House amendment does not include an authorization. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 73. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Literacy and Arts Education program. See note 78. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:19 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.081 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8606 November 30, 2015 
HR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing as a new Title IV Part [F]: 
‘‘SEC. 4642. ASSISTANCE FOR ARTS EDUCATION. 
(a) A WARDS TOPROVIDE ASSISTANCE FOR  
ARTSEDUCATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Awards made to eligible 
entities to fulfill the purpose described in section 4641(a)(1), shall be used for a program (to be known as the ‘Assistance for Arts Edu-cation program’) to promote arts education for disadvantaged students and students who are children with disabilities, through ac-tivities such as— 
(A) professional development for arts edu-
cators, teachers, and principals; 
(B) development and dissemination of in-
structional materials and arts-based edu-cational programming, including online re-sources, in multiple arts disciplines; and 
(C) community and national outreach ac-
tivities that strengthen and expand partner-ships among schools, local educational agen-cies, communities, or national centers for the arts. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS .—As conditions of receiving 
assistance made available under this section, the Secretary shall require each eligible en-tity receiving such assistance— 
(1) to coordinate, to the extent practicable, 
each project or program carried out with such assistance with appropriate activities of public or private cultural agencies, insti-tutions, and organizations, including muse-ums, arts education associations, libraries, and theaters; and 
(2) to use such assistance only to supple-
ment, and not to supplant, any other assist-ance or funds made available from non-Fed-eral sources for the activities assisted under this subpart. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this 
section, the Secretary shall consult with Federal agencies or institutions, arts edu-cators (including professional arts education associations), and organizations representing the arts (including State and local arts agen-cies involved in arts education). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible en-
tity’ means— 
(A) a local educational agency in which 20 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from fami-lies with an income below the poverty line; 
(B) a consortium of such local educational 
agencies; 
(C) the Bureau of Indian Education; or (D) an eligible national nonprofit organiza-
tion. 
(2) E
LIGIBLE NATIONAL NONPROFIT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘eligible national nonprofit 
organization’ means an organization of na-tional scope that— 
(A) is supported by staff, which may in-
clude volunteers, or affiliates at the State and local levels; and 
(B) demonstrates effectiveness or high- 
quality plans for addressing arts education activities for [disadvantaged students or stu-dents who are children with disabilities] 
74. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Early Learning Alignment and Improvement Grants pro-gram. See note 78. 
HR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following in Title IX as a new Part [X]: 
SEC. ll 1. PRESCHOOL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
Part of title IX, as added by section [ ll], 
is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subpart 5—Preschool Development 
Grants 
‘‘SEC. [9xxx]. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-
part are— 
(1) to assist States to develop, update, or 
implement a strategic plan that facilitates collaboration and coordination among exist-
ing programs of early childhood care and education in a mixed delivery system across the State designed to prepare low-income and vulnerable children to enter kinder-garten; and 
(2) to improve transitions from such sys-
tem into the local educational agency or ele-mentary school that enrolls such children, 
(3) to accomplish the purposes described in 
in (1) and (2) by— 
(A) more efficiently using Federal, State, 
local, and non-governmental resources exist-ing when the State applies for a grant under this subpart to align and strengthen delivery of existing programs; 
(B) coordinating the delivery models and 
funding streams existing when the State ap-plies for a grant under this subpart in the mixed delivery system; and 
(C) developing recommendations to better 
utilize existing resources, as of the date of receipt of a grant under this subpart in order to improve— 
(i) the overall participation of children in 
a mixed delivery system of Federal, State, and local early childhood education pro-grams; 
(ii) program quality, while maintaining 
availability of services; 
(iii) parental choice among existing pro-
grams; and 
(iv) school readiness for children from low- 
income families, including during such chil-dren’s transition into elementary school; 
(4) to encourage partnerships among Head 
Start providers, State and local govern-ments, Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions, and private entities (including faith- and community-based entities), and local educational agencies, to improve coordina-tion, program quality, and delivery of serv-ices; and 
(5) to maximize parental choice among a 
mixed delivery system of early childhood education program providers. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subpart: 
(1) C ENTER OF EXCELLENCE IN EARLY CHILD -
HOOD .—The term ‘Center of Excellence in 
Early Childhood’ means a Center of Excel-lence in Early Childhood designated under section 657B(b) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9852b(b)). 
(2) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘early childhood education 
program’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
(3) E
XISTING PROGRAM .—The term ‘existing 
program’ means a Federal, State, local, or privately funded early childhood education program that was operating in the State at any time on or after date of enactment of the [ ll Act of ll] through funds that were 
not provided by a grant under this section. 
(4) M
IXED DELIVERY SYSTEM .—The term 
‘mixed delivery system’ means multiple types of entities that deliver early childhood education programs (including Head Start, licensed family and center-based child care programs, public schools, and community- based organizations) through both public and private funds, in a variety of programmatic and organizational structures. [Note: As written, this will require the system to have both public and private funding.] 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Health and Human Services 
(6) S
TATE ADVISORY COUNCIL .—The term 
‘State Advisory Council’ means a State Ad-visory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care designated or established under sec-tion 642B(b)(1)(A) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)(1)(A)). 
‘‘SEC. [4652]. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .— (1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available under section [9xxx] to the Sec-retary, jointly with the Secretary of Edu-cation, shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to States to enable the States to carry out the activities described in subsection (d). 
(2) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant awarded 
under paragraph (1) shall be for a period of not more than 1 year and may be renewed by the Secretary, jointly with the Secretary of Education under subsection (e) 
(3) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each State 
that receives a grant under this section shall provide funds from non-Federal sources (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant, in an amount equal to not less than 30 percent of the amount of the grant. 
(b) I
NITIAL APPLICATION .—A State desiring 
a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall submit an application at such time and in such man-ner as the Secretary may reasonably require. The application shall contain— 
(1) an identification of the State entity 
that the Governor of the State has appointed to be responsible for duties under this sec-tion; 
(2) a description of how such State entity 
proposes to accomplish the activities de-scribed in subsection (d) and meet the pur-poses of this subpart, including— 
(A) a timeline for strategic planning ac-
tivities; and 
(B) a description of how activities de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) and subsection (d), will increase participation of children from low-income families in high-quality early childhood education programs as a re-
sult of the grant; 
(3) a description of the Federal, State, and 
local existing programs in the State for which such State entity proposes to facili-tate collaboration and coordination activi-ties, as required under subsection (d) includ-ing— 
(A) programs carried out under the Head 
Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9801 et seq.), including the Early Head Start programs carried out under such Act (42 U.S.C. 9801 et seq.); 
(B) child care programs carried out under 
the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) or section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618); and 
(C) other Federal, State, local, and Indian 
tribe or tribal organization programs of early learning, childhood education, child care, and development operating in the State, as of the date of the application for the grant, including programs operated by Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private entities (including faith- and com-munity-based entities); 
(4) a description of how the State, in col-
laboration with Centers of Excellence in Early Childhood, if appropriate, will provide technical assistance and disseminate best practices; 
(5) a description of how the State plans to 
sustain the activities described in subsection (d) with non-Federal sources after such funds are no longer available 
(6) a description of how the State will work 
with the State Advisory Council and Head Start collaboration office. 
(c) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In awarding 
grants under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) award grants to States that have met 
the application requirements under sub-section (b); 
(2) to the extent practicable, ensure an eq-
uitable geographic distribution of grants, in-cluding urban, suburban, and rural distribu-tion; 
(3) assure that a State has a mixed delivery 
system in place as of the date of the award; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:05 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.083 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8607 November 30, 2015 
(4) give priority to— 
(A) a State that has not received a pre-
school development grant for development or expansion under section 14006 of the America Reinvestment and Recovery Act of 2009 (20 U.S.C. 10006); 
(B) a State that has not previously re-
ceived a grant under this section; and 
(C) a State that will use the grant funds for 
evidence-based activities, defined as meeting the requirements of subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of section 8101(23)(A)(i). 
(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A State, acting 
through the State entity appointed under subsection (b)(1), that receives a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall use the grant funds for all of the following activities: 
(1) Conducting a periodic statewide needs 
assessment concerning— 
(A) the availability and quality of existing 
programs in the State, including such pro-grams serving the most vulnerable or under-served populations and children in rural areas; 
(B) to the extent practicable, the 
unduplicated number of children served in existing programs; and 
(C) to the extent practicable, the 
unduplicated number of children awaiting service in such programs 
(2) Developing a strategic plan that rec-
ommends collaboration, coordination, and quality improvement activities (including activities to improve the transition into ele-mentary school) among existing programs in the State and local educational agencies. Such plan shall include information that— 
(A) identifies opportunities for, and bar-
riers to, collaboration and coordination among existing programs in the State, in-cluding among State, local, and tribal (if ap-plicable) agencies responsible for admin-istering such programs; 
(B) recommends partnership opportunities 
among Head Start providers, local edu-cational agencies, State and local govern-ments, Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions, and private entities (including faith- and community-based entities) that would improve coordination, program quality, and 
delivery of services; 
(C) builds on existing plans and goals with 
respect to early childhood education pro-grams, including improving coordination and collaboration among such programs, as of the date the grant was awarded, of the State Advisory Council while incorporating new or updated Federal, State, and local statutory requirements, including— 
(i) the requirements of the Child Care and 
Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.); and 
(ii) when appropriate, information found in 
the report required under section 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–186; 128 Stat. 2002); and 
(D) describes how accomplishing the ac-
tivities described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) will better serve children and families in existing programs and how such activities will increase the overall participa-tion of children in the State. 
(3) Maximizing parental choice and knowl-
edge about the State’s existing mixed deliv-ery system of early childhood education pro-grams and providers by— 
(A) ensuring parents are provided informa-
tion about the variety of early childhood education programs for children from birth to kindergarten entry in the State’s mixed delivery system. 
(B) promoting and increasing involvement 
by parents and family members, including families of disadvantaged youth, in the de-velopment of their children and the transi-tion from an existing program into an ele-mentary school. (4) Sharing best practices between early 
childhood education program providers in the State to increase collaboration and effi-ciency of services, including to improve transitions from such programs to elemen-tary school. 
(5) After activities under paragraphs (1) 
and (2) have been completed, improving the overall quality of early childhood education programs in the State, including by devel-oping and implementing evidence-based practices, defined as meeting the require-ments of subclauses (I), (II), or (III) of sec-tion 8101 (23)(A)(i), to improve professional development for early childhood education providers and educational opportunities for children. 
(e) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, jointly 
with the Secretary of Education, may use funds available under section [9xxx] to award renewal grants, to States described in para-graph (2) to enable such States to continue activities described in subsection (d) or to carry out additional activities described in paragraph (5). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE STATES .—A State is eligible 
for a grant under paragraph (1) if— 
(A) the State has received a grant under 
subsection (a)(1) and the grant period has concluded; or 
(B)(i) the State has received a preschool 
development grant for development or ex-pansion under section 14006 of the America Reinvestment and Recovery Act of 2009 (20 U.S.C. 10006) and the grant period for such grant has concluded; and 
(ii) the Secretary allows such State to 
apply directly for a renewal grant under this subsection, rather than an initial grant under subsection (a)(1) if the State submits with its application the needs analysis com-pleted under the preschool development grant, updated, as necessary to respond to current needs, in place of the activities under subsection (d). 
(3) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant awarded 
under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years and may not be re-newed by the Secretary or the Secretary of Education. 
(4) A
PPLICATION .—A State described in 
paragraph (2) that desires a grant under this subsection shall submit an application for renewal at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. The application shall contain— 
(A) applicable information required in sub-
section (b), updated by the State as nec-essary determined the State; 
(B) in the case of a State described in para-
graph (2)(A), a description of how funds were used for the activities described in sub-section (d) in the initial grant period and the extent to which such activities will continue to be supported in the renewal period; 
(C) in the case of a State described in para-
graph (2)(B), how a needs assessment com-pleted prior to the date of the application, such as the needs analysis completed under the preschool development grant and up-dated as necessary in accordance with para-graph (2)(B)(ii), will be sufficient informa-tion to inform the use of funds under this subsection, and a copy of such needs assess-ment; 
(D) a description of how funds will be used 
for the activities described in paragraph (5) during the renewal grant period, if the State proposes to use grant funds for such activi-ties; and 
(E) a description of how the State plans to 
sustain the activities described in subsection (d) and paragraph (5) with non-Federal sources after such funds are no longer avail-able. 
(5) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .— (A) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
a grant under this subsection may use grant funds to award subgrants to existing pro-grams in a mixed delivery system across the State designed to benefit low-income and vulnerable children prior to entering kinder-garten, to— 
(i) enable the existing programs to imple-
ment identified areas of improvement as de-termined by the State through use of funds under subsection (d); and 
(ii) as determined through the use of funds 
under subsection (d), expand access to such existing programs; or 
(iii) develop new programs to address the 
needs of children and families eligible for, but not currently served by such programs, if the State ensures— 
(I) the distribution of subgrants under this 
paragraph supports a mixed delivery system; and 
(II) funds made available under this para-
graph shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this section. 
(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding subgrants 
under this subsection, a State shall prioritize identified activities of improve-ment in the existing State mixed delivery system of early childhood education, as of the date of award of the subgrant, that would improve services for low-income and vulner-able children living in rural areas. 
(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State receiving a re-
newal grant under this subsection that elects to award subgrants under this paragraph shall not— 
(i) for the first year of the renewal grant, 
use more than 60 percent of the grant funds available for such year to award such sub-grants; and 
(ii) for each of the second and third years 
of the renewal grant, use more than 75 per-cent of the grant funds available for such year to award subgrants. 
(f) S
TATE REPORTING .— 
(1) I NITIAL GRANTS .—A State that receives 
an initial grant under subsection (a)(1) shall submit a final report to the Secretary not later than 6 months after the end of the grant period. The report shall include— 
(A) a description of how, and to what ex-
tent, funds were utilized for activities de-scribed in subsection (d) and any other ac-tivities through which funds were used to meet purposes of this subpart; 
(B) a description of strategies undertaken 
at the State level and, if applicable, local or program level, to implement recommenda-tions in the strategic plan developed under subsection (d)(2); 
(C) a description of any new partnerships 
among Head Start providers, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organi-zations, and private entities (including faith- and community-based) and how these part-nerships improve coordination and delivery of services; 
(D) if applicable, the degree to which the 
State used information from the report re-quired under section 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 to in-form activities, and how this information was useful in coordinating and collaborating among programs and funding streams; 
(E) the extent to which activities funded 
by the initial grant led to the blending or braiding of other public and private funding; 
(F) how information about existing pro-
grams for children from birth to kinder-garten entry was disseminated to parents and families, and how involvement by par-ents and family was improved; and 
(G) other State-determined and voluntarily 
provided information to share best practices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.083 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8608 November 30, 2015 
regarding early childhood education pro-
grams, and coordination of such programs. 
(2) R ENEWAL GRANTS .—A State receiving a 
renewal grant under subsection (e) shall sub-mit a follow-up report to the Secretary not later than 6 months after the end of the grant period that includes— 
(A) the updated information described in 
paragraph (1); and (B) if applicable, informa-tion on how the State was better able to serve children through the distribution of funds in accordance with subsection (e)(5), through— 
(i) a description of the activities conducted 
through the use of subgrant funds, including, where appropriate, measurable areas of pro-gram improvement and better utilization of existing resources; and 
(ii) best practices from the utilization of 
subgrant funds, including how to better serve the most vulnerable, underserved, and rural populations. 
(g) L
IMITATIONS ON FEDERAL INTER -
FERENCE .—Nothing in this subpart shall be 
construed to authorize the Secretary or the Secretary of Education to establish any cri-terion for grants made under this section that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
(1) early learning and development guide-
lines, standards, or specific assessments, in-cluding the standards or measures that States use to develop, implement, or im-prove such guidelines, standards, or assess-ments; 
(2) specific measures or indicators of qual-
ity early learning and care, including— 
(A) the systems that States use to assess 
the quality of early childhood education pro-grams and providers, school readiness, and achievement; and 
(B) the term ‘high-quality’ as it relates to 
early learning, development, or care; 
(3) early learning or preschool curriculum, 
programs of instruction, or instructional content; 
(4) teacher and staff qualifications and sal-
aries; 
(5) class sizes and ratios of children to in-
structional staff; 
(6) any criterion a program is required to 
meet to benefit from activities under this section; 
(7) the scope of programs, including length 
of program day and length of program year; and 
(8) any aspect or parameter of a teacher, 
principal, other school leader, or staff eval-uation system within a State, local edu-cational agency, or early childhood edu-
cation program. 
(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subpart shall be construed to authorize the Secretary, the Secretary of Education, the State, or another governmental agency to alter requirements for existing programs for which coordination and alignment activi-ties are recommended under this section, or to force programs to adhere to any rec-ommendations developed through this pro-gram. The Secretary, the Secretary of Edu-cation, State, or agency may only take an action described in this subsection as other-wise authorized under Federal, State, and local laws. 
(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subpart shall be construed to authorize the Secretary of Education to have sole decision- making or regulatory authority in carrying out the activities under this subpart. 
Sec. ll2. REVIEW OF FEDERAL EARLY CHILD-
HOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL —The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services, in consultation with the heads of all Federal agencies that admin-ister Federal early childhood education pro-grams, shall conduct an interdepartmental review of all early childhood education pro-grams for children less than 6 years of age in order to (1) Develop a plan for the elimination of 
overlapping programs, as identified by the Government Accountability Office’s 2012 an-nual report (GAO–12–342SP); 
(2) Determine if the activities conducted 
by States using grant funds from preschool development grants under section 9207 have led to better utilization of resources; and 
(3) Make recommendations to Congress for 
streamlining all such programs. 
(b) R
EPORT AND UPDATES —The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, in consultation with the heads of all Federal agencies that administer Federal early childhood edu-cation programs, shall— 
(1) Not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of this Act, prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a detailed re-port that— 
(A) Outlines the efficiencies that can be 
achieved by, and specific recommendations for, eliminating overlap and fragmentation among all Federal early childhood education programs; 
(B) Explains how the use by States of pre-
school development grant funds under sec-tion 9207 has led to the better utilization of resources; and 
(C) Builds upon the review of Federal early 
learning and care programs required under section 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–186; 128 Stat. 2002); and 
(2) Annually prepare and submit to such 
Committees a detailed update of the report described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘SEC. ll. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to carry out this subpart $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. [Note: This authorization should be moved up into section 9xxx, with the other authorizations for this part, when incorporated into Title IX (National Activities).]’’. 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
for Preschool Development Grants to be jointly administered by the Department of Health and Human Services and the Depart-ment of Education. Recognizing the exper-tise that the Department of Education has in helping States develop and expand early learning programs, the Conferees expect that the Department of Education willbean equal partner with the Department of Health and Human Services in decision making around the selection of grantees, communicating with States, and providing technical assist-ance to States throughout the grant process in order to increase the quality of and over-all participation of children in early child-hood education programs.’’ 
75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Innovation Schools Demonstration Authority. See note 78. 
SR 76. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Full-Service Community Schools program. See note 78. 
HR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing as a new Title IV Part [F]: 
SEC. 4 XXX. FULL–SERVICE COMMUNITY 
SCHOOLS. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—An eligible entity that 
desires a grant under this subpart for activi-ties described in this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the following: 
(1) A description of the eligible entity. (2) A memorandum of understanding 
among all partner entities that will assist the eligible entity to coordinate and provide 
pipeline services and that describes the roles the partner entities will assume. 
(3) A description of the capacity of the eli-
gible entity to coordinate and provide pipe-line services at 2 or more full-service com-munity schools. 
(4) A comprehensive plan that includes de-
scriptions of the following: 
(A) The student, family, and school com-
munity to be served, including information about demographic characteristics. 
(B) A needs assessment that identifies the 
academic, physical, nonacademic, health, mental health, and other needs of students, families, and community residents. 
(C) Annual measurable performance objec-
tives and outcomes, including an increase in the number and percentage of families and students targeted for services each year of the program, in order to ensure that children are— 
(i) prepared for kindergarten; (ii) achieving academically; and (iii) safe, healthy, and supported by en-
gaged parents. 
(D) Pipeline services, including existing 
and additional pipeline services, to be co-ordinated and provided by the eligible entity and its partner entities, including an expla-nation of— 
(i) why such services have been selected; (ii) how such services will improve student 
academic achievement; and 
(iii) how such services will address annual 
measurable performance objectives and out-comes established under subparagraph (C). 
(E) Plans to ensure that each full-service 
community school site has full-time coordi-nation and management of pipeline services at such school, including a description of the applicable funding sources, plans for profes-sional development for the personnel man-aging, coordinating, or delivering pipeline services, and plans for joint utilization and management of school facilities. 
(F) Plans for periodic evaluation based 
upon attainment of the performance objec-tives and outcomes described in subpara-graph (C). 
(G) Plans for sustaining the programs and 
services described in this subsection after the grant period. 
(5) An assurance that the eligible entity 
and its partner entities will focus services on schools eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1114(b). 
(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subpart for activities described in this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
(1)(A) will serve a minimum of 2 or more 
full-service community schools eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1114(b), as part of a community- or district-wide strat-egy; or 
(B) include a local educational agency that 
satisfies the requirements of— 
(i) subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 
[5311(b)(1)]; or 
(ii) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
5321(b)(1); 
(2) will be connected to a consortium com-
prised of a broad representation of stake-holders or a consortium demonstrating a his-tory of effectiveness; and 
(3) will use funds for evidence-based activi-
ties described in subsection (e), defined for purposes of this paragraph as activities that meet the requirements of section [8101(23)(A)(i)]. 
(c) P
LANNING .—The Secretary may author-
ize an eligible entity receiving a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section to use not more than 10 percent of the total amount of grant funds for planning purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:05 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.084 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8609 November 30, 2015 
(d) M INIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary may 
not award a grant under this subpart for ac-tivities described in this section to an eligi-ble entity in an amount that is less than $75,000 for each year of the grant period, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations. 
(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under 
this subpart for activities described in this section shall be used to— 
(1) coordinate not less than 3 existing pipe-
line services, and provide not less than 2 ad-ditional pipeline services, at 2 or more public elementary schools or secondary schools; 
(2) integrate multiple services into a com-
prehensive, coordinated continuum to achieve the annual measurable performance objectives and outcomes under subsection (a)(4)(C) to meet the holistic needs of chil-dren; and 
(3) if applicable, coordinate and integrate 
services provided by community-based orga-nizations and government agencies with services provided by specialized instruc-tional support personnel. 
(f) E
VALUATIONS BY THE INSTITUTE OF EDU-
CATION SCIENCES .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall conduct evaluations on the effectiveness of grants under this sub-part for activities described in this section in achieving the purpose described in section 4621(2). 
(g) E
VALUATIONS BY GRANTEES .—The Sec-
retary shall require each eligible entity re-ceiving a grant under this subpart for activi-ties described in this section— 
(1) to conduct periodic evaluations of the 
progress achieved with the grant toward the purpose described in section 4621(2); 
(2) to use such evaluations to refine and 
improve activities carried out through the grant and the annual measurable perform-ance objectives and outcomes under sub-section (a)(4)(C); and 
(3) to make the results of such evaluations 
publicly available, including by providing public notice of such availability. 
(h) C
ONSTRUCTION CLAUSE .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to alter or other-wise affect the rights, remedies, and proce-dures afforded school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collec-
tive bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
(i) S
UPPLEMENT , N OTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available to an eligible entity through a grant under this subpart for activities de-scribed in this section may be used only to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the ac-tivities assisted under this section. 
77. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Promise Neigh-borhoods program. See note 78. 
HR/SR with amendment to strike and in-
sert the following as a new Title IV Part [X]: 
SEC. 4XXX. PROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS. 
(a) A PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—An eligi-
ble entity desiring a grant under this sub-part for activities described in this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require, including, at a min-imum, all of the following: 
(1) A plan to significantly improve the aca-
demic outcomes of children living in a neigh-borhood that is served by the eligible enti-ty— 
(A) by providing pipeline services that ad-
dress the needs of children in the neighbor-hood, as identified by the needs analysis de-scribed in paragraph (4); and 
(B) that is supported by evidence-based 
practices. (2) A description of the neighborhood that 
the eligible entity will serve. 
(3) Measurable annual objectives and out-
comes for the grant, in accordance with the metrics described in subsection (h), for each year of the grant. 
(4) An analysis of the needs and assets of 
the neighborhood identified in paragraph (1), including— 
(A) the size and scope of the population af-
fected; 
(B) a description of the process through 
which the needs analysis was produced, in-cluding a description of how parents, fami-
lies, and community members were engaged in such analysis; 
(C) an analysis of community assets and 
collaborative efforts (including programs al-ready provided from Federal and non-Federal sources) within, or accessible to, the neigh-borhood, including, at a minimum, early learning opportunities, family and student supports, local businesses, and institutions of higher education; 
(D) the steps that the eligible entity is 
taking, at the time of the application, to ad-dress the needs identified in the needs anal-ysis; and 
(E) any barriers the eligible entity, public 
agencies, and other community-based orga-nizations have faced in meeting such needs. 
(5) A description of all data that the entity 
used to identify the pipeline services to be provided and how the eligible entity will— 
(A) collect data on children served by each 
pipeline service; and 
(B) increase the percentage of children 
served over time. 
(6) A description of the process used to de-
velop the application, including the involve-ment of family and community members. 
(7) A description of how the pipeline serv-
ices will facilitate the coordination of the following activities: 
(A) Providing early learning opportunities 
for children, including by— 
(i) providing opportunities for families to 
acquire the skills to promote early learning and child development; and 
(ii) ensuring appropriate diagnostic assess-
ments and referrals for children with disabil-ities and developmental delays, consistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), where ap-plicable. 
(B) Supporting, enhancing, operating, or 
expanding rigorous and comprehensive evi-dence-based educational improvements, which may include high-quality academic programs, expanded learning time, and pro-grams and activities to prepare students for postsecondary education admissions and suc-cess. 
(C) Supporting partnerships between 
schools and other community resources with an integrated focus on academics and other social, health, and familial supports. 
(D) Providing social, health, nutrition, and 
mental health services and supports, for chil-dren, family, and community members, which may include services provided within the school building. 
(E) Supporting evidence-based programs 
that assist students through school transi-tions, which may include expanding access to postsecondary education courses and post-secondary education enrollment aid or guid-ance, and other supports for at-risk youth. 
(8) A description of the strategies that will 
be used to provide pipeline services (includ-ing a description of which programs and services will be provided to children, family members, community members, and children within the neighborhood) to support the pur-pose described in section 4621(1). 
(9) An explanation of the process the eligi-
ble entity will use to establish and maintain family and community engagement, includ-
ing— 
(A) involving representative participation 
by the members of such neighborhood in the planning and implementation of the activi-ties of each grant awarded under this sub-part for activities described in this section; 
(B) the provision of strategies and prac-
tices to assist family and community mem-bers in actively supporting student achieve-ment and child development; 
(C) providing services for students, fami-
lies, and communities within the school building; and 
(D) collaboration with institutions of high-
er education, workforce development cen-ters, and employers to align expectations and programming with postsecondary edu-cation and workforce readiness, 
(10) An explanation of how the eligible en-
tity will continuously evaluate and improve the continuum of high-quality pipeline serv-ices to provide for continuous program im-provement and potential expansion. 
(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants for ac-
tivities described in this section, the Sec-retary shall give priority to eligible entities that will use funds under subsection (d) for evidence-based activities, which, for pur-poses of this [subsection], is defined as ac-tivities meeting the requirement of [section 8101(23)(A)(i)]. 
(c) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—As 
eligible entity shall, as part of the applica-tion described in subsection (a), submit a preliminary memorandum of understanding, signed by each partner entity or agency de-scribed in section 4622(1)(A)(3) (if applicable) and detailing each partner’s financial, pro-grammatic, and long-term commitment with respect to the strategies described in the ap-plication. 
(d) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under this subpart to carry out a program of activities described in this section shall use the grant funds to— 
(1) support planning activities to develop 
and implement pipeline services; 
(2) implement the pipeline services; and (3) continuously evaluate the success of 
the program and improve the program based on data and outcomes. 
(e) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
(1) F UNDS FOR PIPELINE SERVICES .—Each el-
igible entity that receives a grant under this subpart for activities described in this sec-tion shall, for the first and second year of the grant, use not less than 50 percent of the 
grant funds to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (d)(1). 
(2) O
PERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Each eligi-
ble entity that operates a school in a neigh-borhood served by a grant program under this subpart for activities described in this section shall provide such school with the operational flexibility, including autonomy over staff, time, and budget, needed to effec-tively carry out the activities described in the application under subsection (a). 
(3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR EARLY  
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Funds pro-
vided under this subpart for activities de-scribed in this section that are used to im-prove early childhood education programs shall not be used to carry out any of the fol-lowing activities: 
(A) Assessments that provide rewards or 
sanctions for individual children or teachers. 
(B) A single assessment that is used as the 
primary or sole method for assessing pro-gram effectiveness. 
(C) Evaluating children, other than for the 
purposes of improving instruction, classroom environment, professional development, or parent and family engagement, or program improvement. 
(f) Report.—Each eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this subpart for activi-ties described in this section shall prepare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.085 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8610 November 30, 2015 
and submit an annual report to the Sec-
retary, which shall include— 
(1) information about the number and per-
centage of children in the neighborhood who are served by the grant program, including a description of the number and percentage of children accessing each support or service of-fered as part of the pipeline services; and 
(2) information relating to the perform-
ance metrics described in subsection (h). 
(g) Publicly Available Data.—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sub-part for activities described in this section shall make publicly available, including through electronic means, the information described in subsection (f). To the extent practicable, such information shall be pro-vided in a form and language accessible to parents and families in the neighborhood served under the grant, and such information shall be a part of statewide longitudinal data systems. 
(h) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this subpart for ac-tivities described in this section shall collect data on performance indicators of pipeline services and family and student supports and report the results to the Secretary, who shall use the results as a consideration in continuing grants after the third year of the initial grant period and in awarding grant renewals. 
(2) I
NDICATORS .—The performance indica-
tors shall address the entity’s progress to-ward significantly improving the academic and developmental outcomes of children liv-ing in the most distressed communities of the United States from birth through post-secondary education and career entry, in-cluding ensuring school readiness, high school graduation, and postsecondary edu-cation and career readiness for such chil-dren, through— 
(A) the use of data-driven decision making; 
and 
(B) access to a community-based con-
tinuum of high-quality services, beginning at birth. 
(i) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall re-
serve not more than 5 percent of the funds made available under section 4601(b)(2)(A) to provide technical assistance and evaluate the implementation and impact of the ac-tivities funded under this section, in accord-ance with section 8601. 
78. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, authorizes a Local Academic Flexi-ble Grant in Title III, Part B of the House amendment. 
HR 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND FLEXIBILITY 
1. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, inserts purposes for Title VI. 
SR 2. The House repeals Title VI. HR 3. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both strike subpart 1 of Part A of Title VI. 
LC 4. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both strike subpart 4 of Part A of Title VI. 
LC 5. That Senate bill redesignates subpart 2 
as subpart 1. The House amendment strikes subpart 2 of Part A of Title VI. 
HR 6. The Senate bill allows SEAs and LEAs 
to transfer Title II Part A, Title IV Part A, and funding from the I–TECH program be-tween program titles or into Title I. The House amendment allows funding within Title I to be transferred to other programs within Title I, but repeals section 6113. See note 5. 
HR/SR with an amendment to read as fol-
lows: (3) by amending section 5102, as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2), to read as follows: 
SEC. 5102. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this part is to allow States 
and local educational agencies the flexibility to target Federal funds to the programs and activities that most effectively address the unique needs of States and localities.’’ 
(4) in section 5103, as redesignated by para-
graph (2)— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘subpart’’ and inserting 
‘‘part’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘not more than 50 percent 
of the nonadministrative State funds’’ and inserting ‘‘all, or any lesser amount, of State funds’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
(A) Part A of title II. (B) Part A of title IV. (C) Section 4202(c)(3).’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—In accordance with 
this part, a state may transfer any funds al-lotted to the State under a provision listed in paragraph (1) for a fiscal year to its allot-ment under any other of the following provi-sions: 
(A) Part A of title I. (B) Part C of title I. (C) Part D of title I. (D) Part A of title III. and (E) Part C of title V.’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘subpart’’ and inserting 
‘‘part’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘(except’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘subparagraph (C))’’ and in-serting ‘‘may transfer all, or any lesser amount, of the funds allocated to it’’; 
(II) by— (aa) striking subparagraph (B) and (bb) redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-
paragraph (B); and; 
(cc) by amending subparagraph (B), as re-
designated in item (bb) to read as follows: 
(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS FOR TITLE I.—In ac-
cordance with this part, a local educational agency may transfer any funds allotted to such agency under a provision listed in para-graph (2) for a fiscal year to its allotment under any other of the following provisions: 
(i) Part A of title I; (ii) Part C of title I; (iii) Part D of title I; (iv) Part A of title III; and (v) Part C of title V.’’ and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A), (B), or 
(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B)’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
(A) Part A of title II. (B) Part A of title IV. (C) Section 4202(c)(3).’’: and (C) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
(c) N
OTRANSFER OF CERTAIN FUNDING .—A 
State or local educational agency may not transfer under this part to any other pro-gram any funds allotted or allocated to it for the following provisions: 
(1) Part A of title I. (2) Part C of title I. (3) Part D of title I. (4) Part A of title III. (5) Part B of title V.’’; and (d) M
ODIFICATION OF PLANS AND APPLICA -
TIONS ; NOTIFICATION .— (1) S TATE TRANSFERS .—Each State that 
makes a transfer of funds under this section shall— 
(A) modify, to account for such transfer, 
each State plan, or application submitted by the State, to which such funds relate; 
(B) not later than 30 days after the date of 
such transfer, submit a copy of such modi-fied plan or application to the Secretary; and 
(C) not later than 30 days before the effec-
tive date of such transfer, notify the Sec-retary of such transfer. 
(2) L
OCAL TRANSFERS .—Each local edu-
cational agency that makes a transfer of funds under this section shall— 
(A) modify, to account for such transfer, 
each local plan, or application submitted by the agency, to which such funds relate; 
(B) not later than 30 days after the date of 
such transfer, submit a copy of such modi-fied plan or application to the State; and 
(C) not later than 30 days before the effec-
tive date of such transfer, notify the State of such transfer. 
(e) A
PPLICABLE RULES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this part, funds transferred under this section are subject to each of the rules and requirements applicable to the funds under the provision to which the transferred funds are transferred. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Each State educational 
agency or local educational agency that transfers funds under this section shall con-duct consultations in accordance with sec-tion [9501], if such transfer transfers funds from a program that provides for the partici-pation of students, teachers, or other edu-cational personnel, from private schools. 
7. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes a weighted student funding flexibility pilot program for LEAs. 
HR with an amendment to redesignate this 
program as Title I, Part E, and redesignated Part E of Title I as Part F, and amend the language of the program as follows: 
PART E—FLEXIBILITY FOR EQUITABLE 
PER-PUPIL FUNDING 
SEC. [1xxx]. FLEXIBILITY FOR EQUITABLE PER- 
PUPIL FUNDING 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the program 
under this section is to provide local edu-cational agencies with flexibility to consoli-date eligible Federal funds and State and local education funding in order to create a single school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations for low-in-come and otherwise disadvantaged students. 
(b) A
UTHORITY .—(1) I N GENERAL .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to enter into local flexi-bility demonstration agreements— 
(A) for not more than 3 years with local 
educational agencies that are selected under subsection (c) and submit proposed agree-ments that meet the requirements of sub-section (d); and 
(B) under which such agencies may consoli-
date and use funds in accordance with sub-section (d) in order to develop and imple-ment a school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations for low-in-come and otherwise disadvantaged students. 
(2) F
LEXIBILITY .—Except as described in 
subparagraph (J) of subsection (d)(1), the Secretary is authorized to waive for local educational agencies entering into agree-ments under this section any provision of this Act that would otherwise prevent such agency from using eligible Federal funds as part of such agreement. 
(c) S
ELECTION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter 
into local flexibility demonstration agree-ments with not more than 50 local edu-cational agencies with an approved applica-tion under subsection (d). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.086 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8611 November 30, 2015 
(2) S ELECTION .—Each local educational 
agency shall be selected based on such agen-cy— 
(A) submitting a proposed local flexibility 
demonstration agreement under subsection (d); 
(B) demonstrating that the agreement 
meets the requirements of subsection (d); and 
(C) agreeing to meet the continued dem-
onstration requirements under subsection (e). 
(3) E
XPANSION .—Beginning with the 2019– 
2020 academic year, the Secretary may ex-tend funding flexibility authorized under this part to any local educational agency that submits and has approved an applica-
tion under subsection (d), so long as the dem-onstration agreements with local edu-cational agencies described in paragraph (1) meet the requirements of subsection (d)(2) and subsection (e)(1).. 
(d) R
EQUIRED TERMS OF LOCAL FLEXIBILITY  
DEMONSTRATION AGREEMENT .— 
(1) A PPLICATION .—Each local educational 
agency that desires to participate in the pro-gram under this section shall submit, at such time and in such form as the Secretary may prescribe, an application to enter into a local flexibility demonstration agreement with the Secretary in order to develop and implement a school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations that meets the requirements of this section. The appli-cation shall include— 
(A) a description of the school funding sys-
tem based on weighted per-pupil allocations, including the weights used to allocate funds within the system, the local educational agency’s legal authority to use local and State education funds consistent with this section, how the system will meet the re-quirements under paragraph (2), and how the system will support the academic achieve-ment of students, including low-income stu-dents, the lowest-achieving students, English learners, and students with disabilities; 
(B) a list of funding sources, including eli-
gible Federal funds the local educational agency will include in such system; 
(C) a description of the amount and per-
centage of total local educational agency funding, including State, local, and eligible Federal funds, that will be allocated through such system; 
(D) the per-pupil expenditures (including 
actual personnel expenditures, including staff salary differentials for years of employ-ment, and actual nonpersonnel expenditures) of State and local funds for each school served by the agency for the preceding fiscal year; 
(E) the per-pupil amount of eligible Fed-
eral funds each school served by the agency, disaggregated by program, received in the preceding fiscal year; 
(F) a description of how the system will en-
sure that any eligible Federal funds allo-cated through the system will meet the pur-poses of each Federal funding stream, includ-ing serving students from low-income fami-lies, English learners, migratory children, and children who are neglected, delinquent, or at risk, as applicable: 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ in-
tent that eligible Federal funds will be used with State and local education funds to meet the needs of students from low-income fami-lies, English learners, migratory children, and children who are neglected, delinquent, or at risk, as applicable. This should not be interpreted to require that every dollar a local educational agency receives under a Federal program be allocated to a student who otherwise would have been identified under that program, but should be inter-preted to require that the weighted student funding system under this section will broad-ly serve the students and the purposes for 
which the funding is provided.’’ 
(H) an assurance that the local educational 
agency developed and will implement the local flexibility demonstration agreement in consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, including charter school lead-ers (in a local educational agency that has charter schools), administrators of Federal programs impacted by the agreement, par-ents, community leaders, and other relevant stakeholders; 
(I) an assurance that the local educational 
agency will use fiscal control and sound ac-counting procedures that ensure proper dis-bursement of, and accounting for, eligible Federal funds consolidated and used under such system; 
(J) an assurance that the local educational 
agency will continue to meet the fiscal pro-visions in section [1118] and the requirements under sections 1120 and [9501]; and 
(K) an assurance that the local educational 
agency will meet the requirements of all ap-plicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the agreement and in consolidating and 
using funds under the agreement.‘‘ 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS OF SYSTEM .—A local edu-
cational agency’s school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations shall meet each of the following requirements: 
(A) The system shall— (i) except as allowed under subparagraph 
(B), allocate a significant portion of funds, including State, local, and eligible Federal funds, to the school level based on the num-ber of students in a school and a formula de-veloped by the agency under this section that determines per-pupil weighted amounts; and 
(ii) use weights or allocation amounts that 
allocate substantially more funding to English learners and students from low-in-come families, and students with any other characteristics chosen by the local education agency, than to other students; and 
(iii) ensure that each high-poverty school 
received more per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for low-income students and at least as much per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners as the school received in the year prior to carrying out the pilot program. 
(B) The system shall be used to allocate to 
schools a significant portion, which percent-age shall be agreed upon during the applica-tion process and shall include all school- level actual personnel expenditures for in-structional staff and actual nonpersonnel ex-penditures, of all the local educational agen-cy’s local and State education funds, and eli-gible Federal funds; and 
(C) In establishing the percentage in sub-
paragraph (B), the district shall demonstrate that the percentage under such subparagraph is sufficient to carry out the purposes of the pilot and to meet each of the requirements of (d) and that the percentage of local and State education funds, and eligible Federal funds that are not allocated through the for-mula does not undermine or conflict with the requirements of the pilot including (d)(2)C). 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that the single school funding system will be used to, from the beginning, allocate a sig-nificant portion of all the local educational agency’s local and State education funds, as well as eligible Federal funds, and that this portion will continue to increase over time. Reporting on how funds not allocated through the system are being spent will con-tinue to occur. The Conferees intend that the negotiation between the Secretary and school district to establish the initial por-tion will be based on best practices in the field.’’ (D) After allocating funds through the 
school funding system, the local educational agency shall charge schools for the per-pupil expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, including actual personnel expendi-tures for instructional staff and actual non-personnel expenditures. 
(e) C
ONTINUED DEMONSTRATION .—Each local 
educational agency with an approved appli-cation under subsection (d) shall annually— 
(1) demonstrate to the Secretary that no 
high-poverty school served by the agency re-ceived less per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for low-in-come students or less per-pupil funding, in-cluding from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners than the school received in the previous year; 
(2) make public and report to the Secretary 
the per-pupil expenditures (including actual personnel expenditures that include staff sal-ary differentials for years of employment, and actual non-personnel expenditures) of State, local, and Federal funds for each school served by the agency, and disaggregated by student poverty quartile and by minority student quartile for the pre-ceding fiscal year; and 
(3) make public the total number of stu-
dent enrolled in each school served by the agency and the number of students enrolled in each such school disaggregated by each of the subgroups of students, as defined in sec-tion 1111(c)(2). 
(f) E
LIGIBLE FEDERAL FUNDS .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘eligible Federal funds’ means funds received by a local educational agency under titles I, II, and III, Part A of IV, and Part C of Title V of this Act. 
(g) L
IMITATIONS ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENDITURES .—Each local educational agency 
that has entered into a local flexibility dem-onstration agreement with the Secretary under this section may use, for administra-tive purposes, from eligible Federal funds not more than the percentage of funds al-lowed for such purpose under any of titles I, II, or III, Part A of Title IV, or Part C of Title V. 
(h) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary may es-
tablish a peer-review process to assist in the review of a proposed local flexibility dem-onstration agreement. 
(i) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—The Secretary may, 
after providing notice and an opportunity for a hearing (including the opportunity to pro-vide information as provided for in sub-section (j)), terminate a local flexibility demonstration agreement under this section if there is evidence that the local edu-cational agency has failed to comply with the terms of the agreement and the require-ments under subsections (d) and (e). 
(j) E
VIDENCE .—If a local educational agen-
cy believes that the Secretary’s determina-tion under subsection (i) is in error for sta-tistical or other substantive reasons, the local educational agency may provide sup-porting evidence to the Secretary, and the Secretary shall consider that evidence before making a final termination determination. 
(k) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION .—From the 
amount reserved for evaluation activities in section [9601], the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, in consultation with the rel-evant program office at the Department, evaluate the implementation and impact of the local flexibility demonstration agree-ments under this section, consistent with section [9601] and specifically on improving the equitable distribution of State and local funding and increasing student achievement. 
(l) R
ENEWAL OF LOCAL FLEXIBILITY DEM-
ONSTRATION AGREEMENT .—The Secretary 
may renew for additional 3–year terms a local flexibility demonstration agreement under this section if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.087 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8612 November 30, 2015 
(1) the local educational agency has met 
the requirements under subsections (d)(2) and (e) and agrees to and has a high likeli-hood of continuing to meet such require-ments; and 
(2) the Secretary determines that renewing 
the local flexibility demonstration agree-ment is in the interest of students served under titles I and III, including students from low-income families, English learners, migratory children, and children who are ne-glected, delinquent, or at risk. 
(m) D
EFINITION OF HIGH–POVERTY SCHOOL .— 
In this section, the term ‘high-poverty school’ means a school that is in the highest 2 quartiles of schools served by a local edu-cational agency, based on the percentage of enrolled students from low-income fami-lies.’’. 
8. The House amendment redesignates sub-
part 1 of part B of title VI as subpart 5 of part A of title I. Section 6202 in the Senate bill is redesignated to section 1230 in the House amendment. 
HR/SR with an amendment to redesignate 
subpart 1 of Part B of Title VI as subpart 1 of Part C of Title V. 
9. The House amendment redesignates sub-
part 1 of Part B of Title VI as chapter A of subpart 5 of Part A of Title I. The name of the program is the same in both the Senate bill and House amendment. 
LC 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes changes to references in section 6211 for use of funds flexibility. The House amendment repeals such section. 
HR 11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, redesignates subsection (b) of sec-tion 6212 as subsection (d) of section 1231. 
HR Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ in-
tent that, should the current locale codes re-quired under this part no longer exist due to being revised as part of improvements nec-essary to support Institute of Education Sciences statistical programs, the Secretary of Education work with relevant agencies to examine the impact of such revisions on rural school districts for various programs across all federal laws and consult, to the ex-tent practicable, with the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives to discuss the impact of the changes.’’ 
12. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical edit in sub-paragraph (B) to account for a later change. 
HR 13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes new eligibility lan-guage for educational service agencies. 
HR 
14. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes references for applica-ble funding for the Small, Rural, Schools Achievement program. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘Part G of 
Title V’’ and insert ‘‘[subpart 3 of Part E of Title IV]’’ 
15. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 6212 as section 1231 of chapter A of sub-part 5 of Part A of Title I. 
LC 16. The House amendment specifies a 0.6 of 
1 percent reservation for the Small, Rural Schools Achievement program. The Senate bill includes no such reservation, but author-izes funds to be spent equally between sub-parts 1 and 2 of Part B of Title VI. See note 
53. 
HR 17. The Senate bill allows funding to be 
spent on activities under Part A of Title II. The House amendment allows funding to be spent on activities under all of Title II. HR 
18. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on activities under Part A or B of Title IV. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or Part 
B’’ 
19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on activities under Part G of Title V. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘Part G of 
Title V’’ and insert [‘‘subpart 3 of Part E of Title IV’’] 
20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new paragraph (1) and heading. 
HR 21. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar modifications to this provision related to the amounts local educational agencies receive, except the House amend-ment only subtracts the total received under subpart 2 of Part A of Title II and the Senate bill subtracts all funding for Part A of Title II, Part A of Title IV, Part G of Title V. See note 14. 
LC 22. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides a special determina-tion for funding amounts for LEAs that are members of an educational service agency. 
HR 23. The Senate bill is restructured to in-
clude a new subparagraph with a heading. 
HR 24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides a special rule for in-creased initial amounts subject to appropria-tions. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘252’’ and 
insert ‘‘265’’ 
25. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment include similar hold harmless provi-sions, except the Senate bill includes a sec-tion reference and the House amendment in-cludes different internal references. See note 11. 
LC 26. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, redesignates subsection (d) as sub-section (e). 
HR 27. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires local educational agen-cies to administer an assessment consistent with the requirements under section 1111(b)(2) of such bill. 
SR on language. LC on structure. 28. The House amendment redesignates 
subpart 2 of Part B of Title VI as chapter B of subpart 5 of Part A of Title I. 
LC 29. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 6221 as section 1235. 
LC 30. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references to account for earlier re-structuring of the program. 
LC 31. The House amendment specifies a 0.6 of 
1 percent reservation for the Rural and Low- Income School program. The Senate bill in-cludes no such reservation, but authorizes funds to be spent equally between subparts 1 and 2 of Part B of Title VI. See note 55. 
HR 32. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references to the eligibility and appli-cation section to account for earlier restruc-turing of the program. 
LC 33. The House amendment changes internal 
cross-references to account for differences in bill structure. 
LC 34. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 6222 as section 1236. 
LC 35. The Senate bill describes that funds 
‘‘shall be used for any of the following:’’ The House amendment refers to ‘‘shall be used 
for activities authorized under any of the fol-lowing’’ when describing how grant funds will be used. 
LC 36. The Senate bill allows funding to be 
spent on activities under part A ofTtitle II. The House amendment allows funding to be spent on activities under all of Title II. 
HR 37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on activities under Part A of Title IV. 
HR 38. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on parental involvement activities. 
HR 39. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on activities under Part G of Title V. 
LC 40. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 6223 as section 1237. 
LC 41. The Senate bill and House contain iden-
tical language for general information, ex-cept for references to ‘‘chapter’’ and ‘‘sub-part’’. 
LC 42. The Senate bill requires program objec-
tives and outcomes for how students will meet State academic standards. The House amendment does not, but requires a descrip-tion of how the SEA, specially qualified agency, or LEA will use funds to help stu-dents meet academic standards. 
HR 43. The Senate bill includes the word 
‘‘challenging’’ as it relates to State aca-demic standards. 
HR 44. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical, except for section references to account for a different structure. 
LC 45. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 6224 as section 1238. 
LC 46. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that ‘if the report is submitted by the SEA, then it must describe the methods and criteria the SEA will use to award grants to LEAs. The House amend-ment requires the report to describe the methods and criteria the SEA or specially qualified agency will use to award grants to LEAs. 
HR 47. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, refers to ‘‘objectives and out-comes’’ when describing how progress has been met in meeting State standards. 
HR 
48. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging 
State academic standards’’. The House amendment refers to ‘‘State academic stand-ards’’. 
HR 49. The Senate bill requires a summary re-
port to be prepared by the Secretary of Edu-cation and submitted to Congress. The House amendment does not contain this provision. 
SR 50. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, updates a cross reference to sec-tion 1111. 
SR on language. LC on structure. 51. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment contain virtually identical provisions related to choice of participation, except for different section references. 
LC 52. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 6231 as section 1241 and makes technical changes to update section references. 
LC 53. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 6233 as section 1242 and makes technical changes to update section references. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.088 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8613 November 30, 2015 
LC 
54. The House amendment redesignates sec-
tion 6234 as section 1243 and makes technical changes to update section references. 
LC 55. The Senate bill authorizes ‘‘such sums’’ 
as may be necessary for reach of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021. The House amend-ment does not contain this provision for au-thorizations of appropriations. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘such sums 
as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and insert ‘‘$169,840,000 for each of the fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
56. The Senate bill maintains and makes a 
minor change to a prohibition on Federal mandates, direction or control that applies to Title VI. The House amendment does not include this provision as it applies specifi-cally to Title VI, but includes similar provi-sions in the general provisions of the Act. 
HR 57. The Senate bill maintains the rule of 
construction on equalized spending. The House amendment includes this language in the general provisions of Title I to reflect the restructuring in the House amendment. 
LC 58. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a review relating to rural local educational agencies at the De-partment of Education. 
HR to strike and replace with the fol-
lowing: 
SEC.6005. REVIEW RELATING TO RURAL LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES. 
(a) R EVIEW AND REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) review the organization, structure, and 
process and procedures of the Department of Education for administering its programs and developing policy and regulations, in order to— 
(A) assess the methods and manner 
through which, and the extent to which, the Department of Education takes into ac-count, considers input from, and addresses the unique needs and characteristics of rural schools and rural local educational agencies; and 
(B) determine actions that the Department 
of Education can take to meaningfully in-crease the consideration and participation of rural schools and rural local educational agencies in the development and execution of the processes, procedures, policies, and regulations of the Department of Education; 
(2) make public a preliminary report con-
taining the information described under paragraph (1) and provide Congress and the public with 60 days to comment on the pro-posed actions under paragraph (1)(B); and 
(3) taking into account comments sub-
mitted under paragraph (2), issue a final re-port to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, which shall describe the final actions developed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B). 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) implement each action described in the 
report under subsection (a)(3); or 
(2) provide a written explanation to the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives of why the action was not carried out. 
TITLE VII—AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA 
NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDU-CATION 
LC 
0. remove references to Alaska Native in 
current law since they are included in the definition of Indian. 1. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have these programs in different titles. Sen-ate is Title VII; House is Title V. 
HR/SR with an amendment to redesignate 
Title VII as Title VI 
2. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different title headings. 
HR 3. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section headings. 
HR 4. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes sentence at the end further clarifying the policy of the United States. 
SR 5. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 6. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar paragraphs (1) but wording is slightly different. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘State stu-
dent academic achievement standards’’ and insert ‘‘the challenging State academic stand-ards, consistent with section 1111(b)(1)’’ 
7. The Senate bill uses term ‘‘American In-
dian’’ in (2) and (3) where House amendment uses ‘‘Indian’’. 
SR 8. The Senate bill includes ‘‘principals’’ in 
(3). 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘school lead-
ers’’ and insert ‘‘principals, other school lead-ers’’ 
8a. The House amendment includes ‘‘cul-
turally appropriate’’. 
SR 8b. The Senate bill includes ‘‘supports’’ in 
(3). 
HR 9. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes ‘‘Indian tribes and organi-zations and other entities’’. 
SR 10. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar except for different structures of purpose statement. 
LC 11. The Senate bill says ‘‘that are designed 
to meet the unique . . .’’ and the House amendment says ‘‘by providing for their unique’’ 
HR 12. The Senate bill includes ‘‘challenging’’ 
and section 1111 reference as it relates to standards. 
HR 13. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes ‘‘(3) Indian organization; and (4) Alaska Native Organizations.’’ 
HR with amendment to insert in paragraph 
(2) ‘‘as provided under (c)(1)’’ after ‘‘Indian tribes’’ and to insert a new paragraph (3) ‘‘In-dian organization as provided under (c)(1)’’ 
14. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes paragraph (3) regarding consortia arrangements. 
HR with amendment to redesignate (3) as 
(4) and insert ‘‘will’’ before ‘‘receive the’’ 
15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘Subject to paragraph (2)’’. 
HR 16. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes paragraph (2) regarding cooperative agreements. 
HR 17. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different titles for subsection (c). 
HR 18. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes Alaska Native Organiza-tions and specifically mentions Alaska Na-tive children. 
HR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, sets representation threshold at more than one-half of eligible children and House amendment sets it at not less than one-third. HR 
20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes paragraph (2) regarding unaffiliated Indian tribes. 
SR 21. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes Alaska Native Organization after Indian Organization in House amend-ment (2)(A) and (B) 
HR 22. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘such tribe, 
Indian organization or consortium’’ and the House amendment refers to ‘‘such applicant’’ in (A). 
LC 23. The House amendment strikes section 
7118(c) referenced in Senate bill (3)(B) and updates section references. 
HR 24. House amendment includes paragraph 
(3) regarding eligibility. 
HR 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes subparagraph (4). 
HR 26. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds Alaska Native Organizations and Alaska Native throughout (d). 
HR 27. The Senate bill and House amendment 
refer to different subsections in paragraph (2) based on bill structure. 
LC 28. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different entities listed in (A). 
HR with an amendment to add ‘‘and fami-
lies members’’ after ‘‘parents’’. 
29. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, include Alaska Natives in (B) and (C). 
HR 30. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘administrative’’ to capacity in (D). 
SR 31. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a provision on consortia. 
SR 32. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, removes a reference to current law 7118(c) from the special rule. 
HR 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds language regarding Indian tribes or consortia for application purposes. 
HR 34. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘Alaska Native’’ in subsection (b) 
HR 35. The Senate bill has ‘‘supports’’. The 
House amendment has ‘‘is consistent with’’. 
SR 36. The Senate bill has ‘‘program objectives 
and outcomes’’. The House amendment has ‘‘academic content’’ and ‘‘student academic achievement goals’’ for (B). 
HR 
37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘tribe or consortium’’ and slightly modifies last line of paragraph (3). 
HR 38. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds Alaska Native throughout paragraph (5). 
HR 39. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds subparagraph (C). 
HR 40. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different language for clause (iii). 
HR 41. The Senate bill adds a reference to 
FERPA. 
HR 42. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different language for paragraph (7) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.089 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8614 November 30, 2015 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘meaning-
fully’’ before ‘‘collaborate’’ and insert ‘‘in a timely, active, and ongoing manner’’ before ‘‘in the development’’. 
43. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘activities consistent with those’’ after ‘‘services.’’ 
SR 44. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘Alaska Native students’’. 
HR 45. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘meet program objec-tives’’. 
HR 46. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘Alaska Native’’ in subpara-graph (B). 
HR 47. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, has geographic specification for consultation requirements. 
HR 48. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds Indian organization and Alaska Native organization and removes ‘‘if appro-priate’’ before secondary school students. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, Indian 
organizations,’’’’ after ‘‘in such school’’ 
49. The Senate bill inserts ‘‘family mem-
bers’’ after ‘‘parents’’ in (A)(i) and (B). The House amendment replaces ‘‘parents’’ with ‘‘family members’’ in both places. 
HR 50. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds Senate (ii) related to geo-graphic representation. 
HR 51. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, removes ‘‘if appropriate’’ and adds ‘‘and Alaska Native’’ after ‘‘students’’ in clause (iii) 
HR 52. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds Alaska Native to (B). 
HR 52a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘representatives of Indian tribes’’. 
SR 53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘family members’’ to (C). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘that’’ and 
insert ‘‘the local educational agency’’ and move amended paragraph (4)(C) to the end of subsection (c) as a new paragraph (8) and re-designate (4)(D) as the new (4)(C) and (4)(E) as the new (4)(D) 
54. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes ‘‘and’’ in (D)(ii). 
SR 55. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds (D)(iii). 
SR 56. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds subparagraph (F) for deter-mining the unique needs of Indian students. 
SR 57. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the LEA to coordinate activities with other Federal programs. 
HR 58. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill contain similar provisions related to outreach to family members, except the House amendment includes ‘‘adequate’’ and contains different cross-references. 
HR 59. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain a provision related to using the funds only for activities authorized under this subpart. 
LC 60. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subsection for out-reach. 
SR 61. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subsection for tech-nical assistance. HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
shall, directly or by contract, provide tech-nical assistance to a local educational agen-cy or Bureau of Indian Education school upon request (in addition to any technical assistance available under other provisions of this Act or available through the Institute of Education Sciences) to support the serv-ices and activities provided under this sub-part, including technical assistance for— 
(1) the development of applications under 
this subpart, including identifying eligible entities that have not applied for such grants and undertake appropriate activities to encourage such entities to apply for grants under this subpart; 
(2) improvement in the quality of imple-
mentation, content, and evaluation of activi-ties supported under this subpart; and 
(3) integration of activities under this sub-
part with other educational activities car-ried out by the local educational agency.’; 
62. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, amends paragraph (2) by insert-ing language related to responsiveness. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘with spe-
cial regard for’’ and insert ‘‘to be responsive to’’ 
63. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘immersion’’ in paragraph (1). 
HR 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘high-quality’’ in para-graph (3). 
SR 65. In paragraph (4), the House amendment 
includes academic content. The Senate bill references 1111(b). 
HR 66. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language with similar mean-ing for paragraph (5). 
HR 67. The House amendment and Senate bill 
contain different cross-references. 
LC 68. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, inserts a new paragraph, House (10), for relevant curriculum. 
HR 69. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes more specific param-eters for dropout prevention programs in Senate (12). 
SR 70. The House amendment combines Senate 
(A) and (B) to House (14). 
SR 71. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different cross-references. 
LC 72. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar language for paragraph (3), ex-cept the House amendment includes more specific language. 
SR 73. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment refer to different bill titles. 
LC 
74. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different bill titles. 
LC 75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides for report every five years. 
SR 76. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, specifies different report con-tents. 
HR/SR to strike. 77. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a final report. 
HR/SR to strike. 78. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds paragraph (6) regarding data privacy. 
SR 79. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes current law subsection (d) related to Forms and Standards of Proof. 
SR 80. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different subsection references and ti-tles. 
SR 81. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different paragraph titles and section references within. 
LC 82. The Senate bill and House amendment 
refer to different bill titles. 
LC 83. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different subsection letters. See note 82. 
LC 84. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a subsection for technical assistance. 
SR 85. The Senate bill updates subsection (c) 
to reflect changes later in the bill. The House amendment strikes subsection (c). 
HR 86. The House amendment and Senate bill 
contain different subsection letters to reflect prior House amendment changes. 
LC 87. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section header titles. 
HR 88. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, rewrites language regarding Tribal Colleges and Universities. 
HR 89. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds Alaska Native organization. 
HR 90. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, removes ‘‘core academic’’ before ‘‘subjects’’. 
SR 91. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘youth’’ after ‘‘children’’ in paragraph (D) and (E). 
HR 92. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes ‘‘youth’’ after children. There are slight wording differences between the Senate bill and the House amendment. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘high 
quality’’ 
93. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes ‘‘tribal leaders’’ to ‘‘traditional leaders’’ and inserts ‘‘youth’’ 
HR 94. The Senate bill’s paragraph (2) is lo-
cated in the House amendment’s subpara-graph (M), since the House amendment re-structured the bill. 
SR 95. The Senate bill includes this as para-
graph (1)(M), and it is (1)(N) in the House amendment. 
SR 96. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the grant award initial period to three years. 
HR 97. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘family’’ after ‘‘parents’’ in clause (i). 
HR 98. The Senate bill includes ‘‘evidence dem-
onstrating that the proposed program is an evidence-based program’’. The House amend-ment includes ‘‘information demonstrating that the proposed program is a scientifically based research program’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘evi-
dence’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’. 
99. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a new subsection re-garding continuation. 
HR 100. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.091 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8615 November 30, 2015 
LC 
101. The Senate bill titles the subsection 
‘‘Purpose’’ rather than the House amend-ment title of ‘‘Purposes.’’ 
SR 102. The Senate bill makes ‘‘purposes of the 
section’’ singular rather than plural in the House amendment. 
SR 103. The Senate bill has ‘‘or Alaska Native 
teachers’’ in paragraph (1). The House amendment has ‘‘and Alaska Native teach-ers’’. 
SR 104. The Senate bill has ‘‘and support’’ 
after ‘‘provide training.’’ 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘pre- and 
in-service’’ before ‘‘training’’ 
105. The House amendment has ‘‘and Alas-
ka Native individuals’’ after ‘‘Indian’’. The Senate bill has ‘‘or Alaska Native individ-uals.’’ 
LC. See note 0. 106. The Senate bill includes ‘‘to enable 
such individuals to become effective teach-ers, principals, other school leaders, admin-istrators, teacher aides, counselors, social workers, and specialized instructional sup-port personnel’’ after ‘‘individuals’’. The House amendment says ‘‘to become edu-cators and education support service profes-sionals’’ after ‘‘individuals.’’ 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘teacher 
aides’’ and insert ‘‘paraprofessionals’’ 
107. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘or Alaska Native.’’ 
LC. See note 0. 108. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new paragraph regarding teacher retention. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘the 
workforce without the need for postsec-ondary remediation’’ and insert ‘‘ employ-ment’’ 
109. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different types of institutions included after ‘‘institution of higher education’’. 
HR 110. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Bureau schools to be in a consortium, where feasible. 
HR 111. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘or Alaska Native’’ to paragraph (1). 
LC. See note 0. 112. The Senate bill and House amendment 
structure authorized activities differently. 
LC 113. The Senate bill adds ‘‘education’’ after 
‘‘continuing’’ in (A). 
HR 114. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subparagraph on teacher mentoring. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘tribal el-
ders’’ and insert ‘‘traditional leaders’’ 
115. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes additional subpara-graphs (C) and (D). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘tribal el-
ders’’ and insert ‘‘traditional leaders’’ 
116. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subparagraph regard-ing continuation. 
HR 117. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different application requirements. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘, in such 
manner, and accompanied by such informa-tion’’ and insert ‘‘and in such manner’’ 
118. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, sets minimum standards. 
HR 119. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an optional priority for tribally chartered and federally chartered in-stitutions of higher education. HR 
120. The Senate bill strikes House amend-
ment subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserts ‘‘basis of the length of any period for which the eligible entity has received a grant’’, which is similar to House amendment sub-paragraph (B). The Senate bill removes ref-erences to previous grants. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘tribally 
chartered and federally chartered IHEs’’ and insert ‘‘Tribal Colleges and Universities’’ 
121. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different grant award year structures. 
HR 122. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, specifies students in a local educational agency that serves a high pro-portion of Indian or Alaska Native students rather than ‘‘people’’ in the House amend-ment. 
HR. See note 0. 123. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a section for tribal edu-cation agencies cooperative agreements. 
HR 124. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, removes a reference to the au-thorization section. 
LC 
125. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds Alaska Native in paragraph (1) and replaces ‘‘education’’ with ‘‘improv-ing academic achievement and develop-ment’’. 
HR 126. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes paragraph (2) and renum-bers accordingly. 
HR 127. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes explicit reference to IES and changes to ‘‘appropriate offices’’ and re-moves qualifying language related to the purpose of the research activities. 
HR 128. The House amendment adds a ref-
erence to the he ‘‘Office of Educational Re-search and Improvement’’ and the BIE. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘the Bu-
reau of Indian Education,’’ after ‘‘Office of In-dian Education Programs,’’ 
129. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes current law secs. 7132, 7133, 7134. 
SR 130. The House amendment creates a Na-
tive language program in Section 5132 and the Senate bill creates a Native language im-mersion program in Part D. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert the 
following and move to Sec. XXX: 
SEC. XXX. NATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA NA-
TIVE LANGUAGE IMMERSION SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-
section are— 
(1) to establish a grant program to support 
schools that use Native American and Alas-ka Native languages as the primary language of instruction; 
(2) to maintain, protect, and promote the 
rights and freedom of Native Americans and Alaska Natives to use, practice, maintain, and revitalize their languages, as envisioned in the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.); and 
(3) to support the Nation’s First Peoples’ 
efforts to maintain and revitalize their lan-guages and cultures, and to improve edu-cational opportunities and student outcomes within Native American and Alaska Native communities. 
(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds reserved 
under subsection XXX (National Activities for Title VI), the Secretary shall make grants to eligible entities to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, pro-grams that support schools, including ele-
mentary and secondary school education sites and streams, using Native American and Alaska Native languages as the primary language of instruction. 
(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the following entities that has a plan to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, pro-grams that support the entity’s use of Native American or Alaska Native languages as the primary language of instruction: 
(A) An Indian tribe. 
(B) A Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965). 
(C) A tribal education agency. (D) A local educational agency, including a 
public charter school that is a local edu-cational agency under State law. 
(E) A school operated by the Bureau of In-
dian Education. 
(F) An Alaska Native Regional Corporation 
(as defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)). 
(G) A private, tribal, or Alaska Native non-
profit organization. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that de-
sires to receive a grant under this subsection shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require, including the following: 
(A) The name of the Native American or 
Alaska Native language to be used for in-struction at the school supported by the eli-gible entity. 
(B) The number of students attending such 
school. 
(C) The number of present hours of instruc-
tion in or through 1 or more Native Amer-ican or Alaska Native languages being pro-vided to targeted students at such school, if any. 
(D) A description of how the applicant 
will— 
(i) use the funds provided to meet the pur-
poses of this part; 
(ii) implement the activities described in 
[subsection] (e); 
(iii) ensure the implementation of rigorous 
academic content; and 
(iv) ensure that students progress towards 
high-level fluency goals. 
(E) Information regarding the school’s or-
ganizational governance or affiliations, in-cluding information about— 
(i) the school governing entity (such as a 
local educational agency, tribal education agency or department, charter organization, private organization, or other governing en-tity); 
(ii) the school’s accreditation status; (iii) any partnerships with institutions of 
higher education; and 
(iv) any indigenous language schooling and 
research cooperatives. 
(F) An assurance that— (i) the school is engaged in meeting State 
or tribally designated long term goals for students, as may be required by applicable Federal, State, or tribal law; 
(ii) the school provides assessments of stu-
dents using the Native American or Alaska Native language of instruction, where pos-sible; 
(iii) the qualifications of all instructional 
and leadership personnel at such school is sufficient to deliver high-quality education through the Native American or Alaska Na-tive language used in the school; and 
(iv) the school will collect and report to 
the public data relative to student achieve-ment and, if appropriate, rates of high school graduation, career readiness, and enrollment in postsecondary education or workforce de-velopment programs, of students who are en-rolled in the school’s programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.092 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8616 November 30, 2015 
(2) L IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
give a priority in awarding grants under this part based on the information described in paragraph (1)(E). 
(3) S
UBMISSION OF CERTIFICATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that is 
a public elementary school or secondary school (including a public charter school) or a non-tribal for-profit or nonprofit organiza-tion shall submit, along with the application requirements described in paragraph (1), a certification described in subparagraph (B) indicating that the school has the capacity to provide education primarily through a Na-tive American or Alaska Native language and that there are sufficient speakers of the target language at the school or available to be hired by the school. 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be from one of the following entities, on whose land the school is located, that is an entity served by such school, or that is an entity whose mem-bers (as defined by that entity) are served by the school: 
(i) A Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965). 
(ii) A federally recognized Indian tribe or 
tribal organization. 
(iii) An Alaska Native Regional Corpora-
tion or an Alaska Native nonprofit organiza-tion. 
(iv) A Native Hawaiian organization. 
(d) A
WARDING OF GRANTS .—In awarding 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall— 
(1) determine the amount of each grant and 
the duration of each grant, which shall not exceed 3 years; and 
(2) ensure, to the maximum extent feasible, 
that diversity in languages is represented. 
(e) A
CTIVITIES AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—An eligible enti-
ty that receives a grant under this sub-section shall use such funds to carry out the following activities: 
(A) Supporting Native American or Alaska 
Native language education and development. 
(B) Providing professional development for 
teachers and, as appropriate, staff and ad-ministrators to strengthen the overall lan-guage and academic goals of the school that will be served by the grant program. 
(2) A
LLOWABLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible en-
tity that receives a grant under this section may use such funds to carry out the fol-lowing activities: 
(A) Developing or refining curriculum, in-
cluding teaching materials and activities, as appropriate. 
(B) Creating or refining assessments writ-
ten in the Native American or Alaska Native language of instruction that measure stu-dent proficiency and that are aligned with State or tribal academic standards. 
(C) Carrying out other activities that pro-
mote the maintenance and revitalization of the Native American or Alaska Native lan-guage relevant to the grant program. 
(f) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this part shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Secretary which shall include— 
(i) The activities the entity carried out to 
meet the purposes of this subsection; and 
(ii) The number of children served by the 
program and the number of instructional hours in the Native American or Alaska Na-tive language; 
(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Not more than 
5 percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this section for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
131. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different purposes. 
See note 130. 132. The Senate bill includes a general pur-
pose statement for grants awarded. See note 130. 
133. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different eligible entities. 
See note 130. 134. The Senate bill and House amendment 
authorize different activities. 
See note 130. 135. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains specific application re-quirements and limitations. 
See note 130. 136. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain similar certification require-ments. 
See note 130. 137. The Senate bill authorizes grants for 
three years. The House amendment author-izes grants for five years. 
See note 130. 138. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to try to ensure diversity of languages in the grant awards. 
See note 130. 139. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains a definition of ‘‘aver-age’’. 
See note 130. 140. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains a provision related to administrative costs. 
See note 130. 141. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires grantees to submit an annual report to the Secretary. 
See note 130. 142. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes such sums for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
See note 130. 
143. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers. 
LC 144. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different titles. 
HR 145. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different purposes for the grant pro-gram. 
HR 146. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different structure. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, includes defini-tions and makes Tribal Educational Agen-cies eligible. 
HR 147. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical edit to pro-vide for an earlier provision in the Senate bill. 
HR 148. The Senate bill terminates the grant 
after three years. The House amendment al-lows for a three year renewal after the ini-tial three year grant. 
HR 149. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a number of uses of funds. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘, subject 
to the approval of the Secretary.’’ and insert ‘‘consistent with the purposes of this sec-tion.’’ after ‘‘carry out other activities,’’ 
150. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slightly different wording in paragraph (1). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘, in such 
manner, containing such information and consistent with such criteria,’’ and insert ‘‘and in such manner’’ 
151. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new subparagraph for evidence of agreement or capacity. 
HR 152. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slightly different wording in paragraph (3). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘only’’ 
and ‘‘Secretary is satisfied that such’’ 153. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes the clause in subpara-graph (C) from ‘‘except that the availability’’ and all that follows. 
HR 154. The Senate bill and House amendment 
reference different sections of the Edu-cational Amendments of 1978. 
HR 155. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, prohibits funds from being used for direct services. 
HR 156. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subsection regarding supplementing, not supplanting funds. 
HR 157. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes sec. 7136 of current law. 
SR 158. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds the Secretary of the Inte-rior to be advised by the council. 
HR 159. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes references to the defini-tion of Alaska Native in Sec. 5206. The Sen-ate bill states ‘‘(D) an Eskimo, Aleut, or other Alaska Native’’. 
HR. See note 0. 160. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds a definition for ‘‘Alaska Na-tive organization’’. 
HR 161. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a definition of ‘‘traditional leaders’’. 
HR 162. The Senate bill authorizes such sums 
through 2021. The House amendment author-izes subpart 1 at $105,921,000 for each year through 2019 and subparts 2 and 3 at $24,858,000 for each year through 2019. 
SR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing: 
(a) in subsection (a), by striking 
‘‘$105,921,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,381,000 for fiscal year 2017, $102,388,620 for fiscal year 2018, $104,436,392 for fiscal year 2019, $106,525,120 for fiscal year 2020’’ 
(b) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘$24,858,000 
for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’ and insert ‘‘$23,558,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
163. The House amendment moves the Alas-
ka Native program to Part B. The Senate bill includes this in Part C. 
HR 164. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, references ‘‘peoples’’ after ‘‘Alaska Native’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘peoples’’ 165. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slight wording differences in paragraph (6). 
HR/SR to strike the paragraph 166. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘peoples’’ after ‘‘Alas-ka Native.’’ 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘peoples’’ Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ in-
tent that the term ‘‘Alaska Native’’ be inclu-sive of all indigenous groups within Alaska and all Alaska Native peoples.’’ 
167. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slight wording differences in paragraph (6). 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘,and to en-
sure’’ through the period at the end of the sentence. 
168. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, but use different structure and different descriptions of eligible entities. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘Alaska 
Native Organizations’’ through paragraph (2) and insert after ‘‘with,’’ ‘‘any of the following to carry out the purposes of this part: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:05 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.093 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8617 November 30, 2015 
(A) Alaska Native Organizations with expe-
rience operating programs that fulfill the purposes of this part. 
(B) Alaska Native Organizations without 
such experience that are in partnership with— 
(i) a State educational agency or a local 
educational agency; or 
(ii) Alaska Native Organizations that oper-
ate programs that fulfill the purposes of this part. 
(C) An entity located in Alaska, and pre-
dominately governed by Alaska Natives, that does not meet the definition of an Alas-ka Native Organization, under this part, pro-vided that the entity— 
(i) has experience operating programs that 
fulfill the purposes of this part; and 
(ii) is granted an official charter or sanc-
tion, as prescribed in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), from at least one Alaska Native tribe or Alaska Native tribal organization to carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part. 
169. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds multi-year award continu-ations. 
HR 170. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, stipulates mandatory and per-missible activities must be specifically in the elementary and secondary education context. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘peoples’’ 171. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical except Senate adds Senate clause (iv). 
SR with amendment to insert ‘‘that are cul-
turally informed and’’ after ‘‘materials that’’ and ‘‘, including curricula intended to pre-serve and promote Alaska Native culture’’ at the end of (i). 
172. The Senate bill adds ‘‘and incorporate 
. . .’’ at the end of (B)(i); the House amend-ment add comma between ‘‘understanding of’’ and ‘‘Alaska Natives’’ 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘and im-
prove their teaching methods’’ before the pe-riod at the end of (i). 
173. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subparagraph regard-ing early childhood parenting education ac-tivities. 
HR 174. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different subparagraph letters. 
LC 175. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘and adults’’ in Senate bill subparagraph (E). 
HR 176. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar except for different references to college and career ready in the lead in. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and pre-
pare Alaska Native students to be college and career ready upon graduation from sec-ondary school’’ and insert ‘‘enable Alaska Na-tive students served under this part to meet the challenging State academic standards de-scribed in section 1111(b)(1) or’’ after ‘‘Activi-ties designed to’’ 
177. The House amendment includes com-
mas after students and the Senate bill says ‘‘students and teachers’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘peoples’’ 178. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different sentence structure in subclause (II). 
LC 179. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a subclause instruction in Alaska Native history. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘history,’’ 
after ‘‘arts,’’ in subclause (II). 
180. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a hyphen in Senate subclause (III). LC 
181. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires a focus on Alaska Na-tive cultural preservation. 
SR 182. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes several other uses. 
HR with an amendment to strike (V) and in 
(iii) to strike ‘‘holistic’’ ‘‘to enable such stu-dents to benefit from supplemental programs offered’’, ‘‘, school climate, trauma, safety and nonacademic learning’’ and insert ‘‘com-prehensive’’ before ‘‘school or community based’’ and ‘‘trauma, and improve conditions for learning at home, in the community, and at school.’’ at the end. 
183. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subparagraph on im-mersion nests. 
HR with an amendment to strike (G) an in-
sert ‘‘, including Native language immersion nests or schools’’ after immersion activities’’ in (VI). 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that funds used to support Native language immersion activities, immersion schools and immersion nests may include the establish-ment or operation of such activities, schools or nests. The Conferees further intend that these immersion activities, schools, or nests not be limited to high school programs but may include a student’s educational experi-ence in elementary school or middle school.’’ 
184. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language with similar mean-ing in Senate (H) and House (F). 
HR 184a. The Senate bill and House amend-
ment have different language with similar meaning in Senate (I) and House (G). 
HR 185. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slightly different structure in Senate (J) and House (L). 
LC 186. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar intent, but different structure in Senate (K) and House (H). 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘provide’’ 
and all that follows and insert ‘‘ increase con-nections between schools, families and com-munities, including positive youth-adult rela-tionships, to promote the academic progress and positive development of Alaska Native children and youth and improve conditions for learning at home, in the community, and at school.’’ 
187. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, but have different wording in Senate (M) and House (J). 
SR Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees in-
tent that the term regional vocational schools include boarding schools, for Alaska Native students in grades 9 through 12, or at higher levels of education, that provide voca-tional or career and technical education.’’ 
188. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subparagraph regard-ing other activities. 
HR 189. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, moves this to Senate 
Sec. 7305. 
LC 190. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes this subsection. 
HR 191. The Senate bill authorizes such sums 
through 2021. The House amendment author-izes $33,185,000 each year through 2019. 
SR with an amendment to strike 
‘‘$33,185,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’ and insert ‘‘$31,453,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
192. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language related to program administration. HR 
193. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds additional clarifying lan-guage to the Alaska Native definition. 
LC 194. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds definition of ‘‘Alaska Na-tive tribe’’ and ‘‘Alaska Native Tribal Orga-nization’’. 
SR 195. The House amendment includes a defi-
nition of Alaska Native organization. 
HR/SR with amendment to read as follows: 
(2) A
LASKA NATIVE ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘‘Alaska Native Organization’’ means an organization that has or commits to ac-quire expertise in the education of Alaska Natives and is— 
(A) an ‘‘Indian tribe’’ as defined in section 
4 of the Indian self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) that is an Indian tribe located in Alaska; 
(B) a ‘‘tribal organization’’ as defined in 
section 4 of the Indian self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) that is a tribal organization located in Alaska; or 
(C) an organization listed in clauses (i) 
through (xii) of section 419(B)(B) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 619(4)(B)(i)–(xii)), or the successor of an entity so listed; 
196. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a definition of Alaska Native Regional Nonprofit Corporation. 
SR 197. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a section in improving col-lection, reporting, and analysis on Indian student data. 
SR 198. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a new section require the Secretary of Education to do a study on rural education in Indian country. 
SR 199. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new section requiring a report on the response to Indian suicides. 
HR 200. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have the Native Hawaiian program in dif-ferent parts. 
HR 201. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different findings and are in different sections. 
HR 202. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have the purposes in different sections. 
HR 203. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes new language in (1) by adding ‘‘implement, assess, and evaluate’’ and everything after ‘‘educational pro-grams’’ 
HR 204. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes ‘‘direction in (2) and adds ‘‘more effectively and efficiently’’ and ‘‘on the development’’ following. It also strikes ‘‘on Native Hawaiian education to provide periodic assessments and data collection. 
HR 205. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes current law subpara-graphs (3) and (4) and inserts a new (3). 
HR 206. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different sections and section titles. 
LC. HR on title. 207. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical except the Senate uses numeral and the House amendment spells out ‘‘one’’ and they refer differently to islands in (L). 
LC 208. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slightly different language for para-graph (4). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.095 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8618 November 30, 2015 
HR 
209. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical except the Senate bill adds ‘‘of’’ after coordination in paragraph (1). 
HR 210. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes reference to subsection (a) in subsection (d). 
LC 211. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different references for activities in paragraph (2)(B). 
LC 212. The Senate bill adds reference to Sec. 
1111. The House amendment adds ‘‘student after ‘‘State’’. 
HR 213. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical except the House amendment spells out numbers and the Senate bill uses figures. 
LC 214. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different section references. 
LC 215. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, provides for a report. 
HR 216. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section numbers and different structures. 
HR 217. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds ‘‘in order to carry out pro-grams . . . part’’ and strikes ‘‘direct’’ in sub-section (a). 
HR 218. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds ‘‘education and workforce development’’ in paragraph (3). 
HR 219. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, changes to ‘‘priority’’ rather than ‘‘priorities’’ in subsection (b); changes ‘‘or’’ to ‘‘and entering into’’; strikes ‘‘carry-out activities described in paragraph (3)’’; and strikes ‘‘entities proposing projects that are assigned to’’ at the end of subsection (b). 
HR 220. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different priorities. 
HR 221. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, moves authorization from Sec. 7205 to Sec. 5305. 
LC 
222. The House amendment authorizes 
$34,181,000 each year through 2019. The Sen-ate bill authorizes such sums through 2021. 
SR with amendment to read as follows: 
(a) In subsection (a) to strike $34,181,000 for 
each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’ and in-sert ‘‘$32,397,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
(b) In subsection (b) to strike ‘‘fiscal year 
after the date of the enactment of the Stu-dent Success Act not less than $500,000 for the grant to the Education Council under section 5303.’’ and insert ‘‘of fiscal years 2017 through 2020 $500,000 to make a direct grant to the Education Council to carry out sec-tion 6204’’ 
223. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different structure. 
HR 224. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds ‘‘high-quality early learn-ing’’ before ‘‘services’’ in paragraph (1); strikes ‘‘age 5’’ and adds ‘‘age of kinder-garten entry’’. 
HR 225. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes clauses (i) and (ii) in cur-rent law. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes early care and edu-cation programs as services that may be pro-vided by family-based education centers. 
HR 226. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, change ‘‘third grade’’ to ‘‘grade 3’’ in paragraph (3) and changes ‘‘5th and 6th’’ to ‘‘Grades 5 and 6’’. 
LC 227. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds ‘‘of such students’’ to end of subparagraph (B). 
SR 228. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have slight wording differences in last clause of (7)(B), which is (G)(ii) in current law. 
SR 229. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds ‘‘students, parents,’’ before ‘‘families’’ in paragraph (8). 
SR 230. The Senate bill and House amendment 
describe subparagraph (A) differently and subparagraph (C) differently. 
SR 231. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds ‘‘before’’, ‘‘summer’’, ‘‘ex-panded learning time’’, and ‘‘weekend acad-emies’’ in subparagraph (B). 
SR 232. The Senate bill and House amendment 
different on wording in House (9) or current law (I). 
HR 233. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes current law (i), (iv), and (v) in paragraph (9). 
SR 234. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes ‘‘guidance’’ in (B) and removes the reference to ‘‘receiving scholar-ship assistance’’. 
SR 235. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds new paragraph (C) regard-ing professional development activities. 
HR 236. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes current law (4) Special Rule and Conditions. 
SR 237. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds subsection (d) Additional Activities. 
HR 238. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds ‘‘exception’’ in references it in paragraph (1). 
HR 239. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes Sec. 7206 (b) special rule; adds new (b). 
HR 240. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds (c) Supplement Not Sup-plant. 
HR 241. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes sec. 7207 Definitions. 
HR 242. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘community consultation’’ to definitions. 
HR 
TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
1. The Senate bill includes amendments to 
the Impact Aid program in Title VIII of the bill. The House amendment includes all Im-pact Aid changes in Title IV. 
HR/SR with an amendment to redesignate 
Title VIII as Title VII 
2. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘same challenging’’ in the description of State academic standards. 
HR 3. The Senate bill strikes the language in 
the FY 2013 National Defense Authorization Act requiring the changes made to Impact Aid in the NDAA to be in place for only two years. The Senate bill makes the Impact Aid changes in NDAA permanent. The House 
amendment makes such change in con-forming amendments. See note 100. 
LC 4. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical. 
LC 5. The House amendment allows local edu-
cational agencies to use facsimiles or pro-ductions of original records, or when original records have been unintentionally destroyed, other appropriate records to demonstrate that the value of the Federal property in the local educational agency boundaries is 10 percent or more of all the property in the boundaries to determine eligibility for 8002 funds. The Senate bill includes no such lan-guage. 
SR 6. The House amendment updates a section 
reference to reflect the changed structure of the bill. The Senate bill makes no such change. 
LC 7. The Senate bill amends the Special Rule 
used in determining the taxable value for eli-gible federal property shared by two local educational agencies to allow the Secretary to calculate the value of such Federal prop-erty using a specific formula. The House amendment includes no such language. 
HR 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds new eligibility require-ments for local educational agencies con-taining forest service land and serving cer-tain counties charted under state law. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘For each 
fiscal year’’ and all that follows through to the period. 
9. The Senate bill amends the special rule 
to enable local educational agencies to meet 
the 10 percent federal property eligibility re-quirements for 8002 funds if such agency was eligible under the other eligibility require-ments for 8002 funds on the day before enact-ment of the bill. The House amendment amends the special rule to enable local edu-cational agencies to meet the 10 percent fed-eral property eligibility requirements for 8002 funds if records to determine such eligi-bility were destroyed prior to 2000 and the agency received funds in the previous year. 
SR with an amendment to strike FY 2014 
and enter ‘‘fiscal year after the date of enact-ment’’ 
10. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, enables local educational agencies who have consolidated boundaries with 2 or more former local educational agencies after 1938 to allow the Secretary to determine 8002 eligibility based on the eligibility of two or more of the former districts. 
SR 11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes language to further specify the conditions a local educational agency formed by the consolidation of 2 or more former local educational agencies has to meet in order to be eligible for 8002 funds. 
SR with an amendment to strike clause i 
and amend clause ii to strike ‘‘for FY 2016’’ insert ‘‘for the fiscal year following enact-ment and each subsequent fiscal year.’’ 
12. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes language to specify the amount of funds a consolidated local edu-cational agency will be eligible to receive. 
SR 13. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, updates section references to reflect the changed structure of the bill. 
LC 14. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill applies the requirement to submit necessary data for payment calculation to fiscal year 2010 and any succeeding year and the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.097 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8619 November 30, 2015 
amendment applies such requirement to fis-
cal year 2010 through the fiscal year in which the House amendment is authorized. 
HR 15. The Senate bill and House amendment 
repeal subsection (k) detailing special rules for local educational agencies in South Da-kota and Pennsylvania. 
LC 16. The House amendment repeals eligi-
bility requirements for certain old and com-bined Federal property before 2000, and cer-tain Federal property after 2000. The Senate bill maintains such requirements. 
SR 17. The Senate bill redesignates sub-
sections pursuant to previous changes, and the House amendment similarly does so. However, subsection (n) in the Senate bill is redesignated as subsection (l), and in the House amendment, it is redesignated as sub-section (k) 
LC 18. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, updates a reference in redesignated subsection (j) Prior Year Data. 
LC 19. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill refers to the section to be amended in a different way than the House amendment. 
LC 20. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, allows local educational agencies, when calculating payments for federally con-nected children, to include children enrolled in the local educational agency due to open enrollment policies, but not those enrolled in distance education programs who do not live in the boundaries of the local educational agency. 
HR 21. The Senate bill and House amendment 
language is identical, except the Senate bill is structured slightly differently. 
LC 22. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, updates section references to reflect the changed structure of the bill. 
LC 23. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both repeal subparagraph (E). 
LC 24. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are the same in structure with these Senate bill designations. See House amendment re-designations in note 38. 
LC 25. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical. 
LC 26. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes an option for an LEA to be eligible under this subparagraph if such LEA was eligible to receive a payment in FY 2013 and is located in a State that by law has eliminated ad valorem tax as LEA revenue. 
SR 27. The Senate bill structures this sub-
clause differently than the House amend-ment. Under the Senate bill, an LEA is eligi-ble under this subclause if it meets the re-quirements of items (aa) and (bb). Under item (bb), an LEA must meet the require-ments of either subitem (AA) or (BB). Under the House amendment, an LEA is eligible under this subparagraph if it meets the re-quirements of items (aa), (bb), and (cc). 
HR 28. The Senate and House amendment are 
identical. 
LC 29. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical on tax rate. Note the reordering of this provision in the House amendment to match the Senate structure. 
LC 30. The Senate bill requires that, for eligi-
bility purposes, an LEA has at least a 30 per-cent enrollment of federally connected chil-
dren or at least a 20 percent enrollment of federally connected children and for the pre-vious 3 years, a 65 percent enrollment of fed-erally connected children who are eligible for free or reduced price lunch. 
HR 31. The House amendment requires that, 
for eligibility purposes, an LEA has at least a 20 percent enrollment of federally con-nected children and for the previous 3 years, a 65 percent enrollment of federally con-nected children who are eligible for free or reduced price lunch. 
HR 32. The Senate bill requires, for eligibility 
purposes under this subclause, an LEA to have not less than 5,000 federally connected students who live on federal property and whose parents are either 1) employed on fed-eral property within the LEA grounds; 2) an official of a foreign government; or 3) in ac-tive duty. The House amendment requires an LEA to have at least 5,500 of such students. 
HR 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subitem that re-quires, for eligibility purposes under this subclause, an LEA to have a per-pupil ex-penditure (PPE) that is less than the average PPE in the State where the LEA is located or the average PPE of all 50 states (except that an LEA with less than 350 students automatically meets this requirement), and a tax rate of not less than 95 percent of the tax rate of LEAs in the State. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘of’’ and 
insert ‘‘for comparable’’ in front of ‘‘local edu-cational agencies in the State;’’ and insert ‘‘as provided for under paragraph (2)(B)(II)(bb)’’ after ‘‘has a per-pupil expenditure’’. 
34. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical in describing loss of eligibility under this subparagraph. 
LC 35. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical in describing the circumstances for loss of eligibility under this subpara-graph if an LEA falls below the requirement to tax at a rate of at least 95 percent of the average tax rate of comparable LEAs in the State. 
LC 36. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision describing eligibility under this subparagraph for LEAs that have been taken over by a State board of education in the previous 2 years. 
HR 37. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical in describing circumstances around resumption of eligibility. Note this language does not appear in the House amendment because it was drafted as cut- and-bite. 
LC 38. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are the same in structure with these House amendment designations. See Senate bill re-designations in note 24. 
LC 39. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are the same in describing the maximum amount for heavily impacted LEAs. 
LC 40. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a title for the clause, subclause, and item. 
LC 41. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include the same policy to describe the stu-dent weight of 0.55 for LEAs with certain types of federally connected children. The House amendment uses slightly different language to describe this policy. 
LC 42. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill titles the item and adds ‘‘and shall be eligible for the 
student weight as provided for in item (aa)’’ at the end of the item to describe the stu-dent weights for students in LEAs who meet the ‘exception’ circumstances where a 10 per-cent enrollment of certain federally con-nected students is not required. The House amendment does not include this language, but the policy is similar. 
HR 43. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical in describing student weights for LEAs with less than 100 federally connected children, except the Senate bill ti-tles the subclause. 
LC 44. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical in describing student weights for LEAs with more than 100 but less than 1000 federally connected children, ex-cept the Senate bill titles the subclause. 
LC 45. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, titles the clause and subclause. 
LC 46. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, titles the clause and subclause. 
LC 47. The Senate bill requires, to be consid-
ered a heavily impacted LEA for purposes of the subparagraph, an enrollment of at least 25,000, in which at least 50 percent of chil-dren are federally connected, and of that 50 percent, at least 5,000 students live on fed-eral property and have parents who are ei-ther 1) employed on federal property within the LEA grounds; 2) an official of a foreign government; or 3) in active duty. The House amendment changes the ‘‘5,000’’ threshold to ‘‘5,500’’. 
HR 48. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are the same in describing the student weights for maximum amount calculations, except the Senate bill titles the clause. 
LC 49. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical in describing the data the Sec-retary will use for providing assistance under this paragraph. 
LC 50. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar in describing the determination of average tax rates for general fund pur-poses for LEAs, except the Senate bill moves the exception, ‘‘except as provided in clause (ii)’’, to the front of the clause (i), and in-cludes more detailed circumstances for de-termining exceptions in clause (ii). See note 51. The House amendment includes a specific subparagraph reference to be subject to an exception in this clause, but does not include the detailed circumstances for determining exceptions, as can be seen in note 51. 
HR 51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes specific circumstances for determining average tax rates for general fund purposes for LEAs for FY 2010–2015, and subsequent to 2015. The Senate bill also al-lows the Secretary to reserve a specific amount of unobligated funds from 2013 and 2014 to meet the requirements of this clause. 
HR 52. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include identical language to describe eligi-bility for heavily impacted LEAs affected by privatization of military housing. 
LC 53. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include identical language to describe the amount of payment for heavily impacted LEAs affected by privatization of military housing. 
LC 54. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical in defining ‘‘conversion of mili-tary housing units to private housing.’’ Note 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.098 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8620 November 30, 2015 
the language does not appear here from the 
House amendment because it was drafted in cut-and-bite. 
LC 55. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical in describing provisions related to payments to specified military bases. 
LC 56. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, describe provisions for calculating payments for LEAs that provide distance education programs. 
HR 57. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different references to describe Learning Opportunity Threshold (LOT) pay-ments in lieu of basic support payments under paragraph (2). 
SR 58. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes’’ as the case may be’’ at the end of the subparagraph. 
SR 59. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical in describing ratable distribu-tion of LOT payments. 
LC 60. The Senate bill includes a limitation on 
the maximum LOT payment for a LEA. The House amendment includes this language below in subparagraph (F). See note 63. 
LC 61. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar provisions to describe the ac-tions to be taken when insufficient funds are available for maximum LOT, except the House amendment refers to (3)(d)(2) where funds are authorized for this program, and contains a different subparagraph reference to the LOT payment. 
HR 62. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes language to describe how LOT payments are made when funds are suf-ficient to give a payment over 100 percent LOT. 
SR 63. The House amendment includes similar 
language to the Senate bill describe a limita-tion on the maximum LOT payment for a LEA. See note 60. 
LC 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to pro-vide the LEAs tax rate and percentage LOT to each LEA. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘com-
pared to the average tax rate for general fund purposes of local educational agencies in the State’’ after ‘‘and the resulting percent-age’’. 
65. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes a technical update to address earlier changes. 
SR 66. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make identical technical updates. 
LC 67. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include identical language to describe when data from the fiscal year for which an LEA is applying will not be used to calculate the LEAs payment. 
LC 68. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include identical language to describe when data from the fiscal year for which an LEA is applying will not be used to calculate the LEAs payment 
LC 69. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include identical language to describe when data from the fiscal year for which an LEA is applying will not be used to calculate the LEAs payment. 
LC 70. The Senate bill changes the subsection 
title to ‘‘Students with Disabilities.’’ The House amendment entitles is ‘‘Children with 
Disabilities’’. 
SR 71. The Senate bill changes all references 
in the subsection to ‘‘students with disabil-ities.’’ The House amendment uses ‘‘children with disabilities’’. 
SR 72. The House amendment updates a cross- 
reference to reflect an earlier change. 
LC 73. The Senate bill rewrites the Hold Harm-
less provisions to describe how payments will go to LEAs where funds are determined to be reduced by more than $5 million or 20 percent from the previous fiscal year. The re-duction will be ramped down from 90 percent to 85 percent to 80 percent of what the LEA received in the year prior to any reduction, unless any of those reductions would give the LEA less than they are eligible for. 
HR/SR with amendment to read as follows: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any local 
educational agency eligible to receive a pay-ment under subsection (b) whose calculated payment amount for a fiscal year is reduced by 20 percent, as compared to the amount re-ceived for the previous fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall pay the local educational agen-cy, for the year of the reduction and the fol-lowing 2 years, the amount determined under paragraph (2). (2) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—Subject to para-
graph (3), A local educational agency de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall receive— 
(A) for the first year for which the reduced 
payment is determined, an amount that is not less than 90 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under subsection (b) for the previous fiscal year; 
(B) for the second year following such re-
duction, an amount that is not less than 85 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under subpara-graph (A); and 
(C) for the third year following such reduc-
tion, an amount that is not less than 80 per-cent of the total amount that the local edu-cational agency received under subparagraph (B). 
(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—For any fiscal year for 
which a local educational agency would re-ceive a payment under subsection (b) in ex-cess of the amount determined under para-graph (2), the payment received by the local educational agency for such fiscal year shall be calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b). 
74. The House amendment includes hold 
harmless language ensuring LEAs receive no less than 90 percent of the calculated max-imum amount for which the LEA is eligible in the previous fiscal year. The hold harm-less is in place for 3 years. 
HR 75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, redesignates Ratable Reduction provisions for the hold harmless language when insufficient funds are available. 
HR with amendment to strike (2) and insert 
(4) 
76. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment strike Maintenance of Effort provi-sions. 
LC 77. The Senate bill and House amendment 
replace Bureau of Indian Affairs with Bureau of Indian Education. 
LC 78. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment strike language enabling the Secretary to request of LEAs any information the Sec-retary may desire in the 8002 and 8003 appli-cations. 
LC 79. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language enabling the Secretary to allow LEAs to count the num-
ber of children who register for the school year to determine LEA eligibility. 
SR 80. The Senate bill makes technical up-
dates to references to reflect an earlier change. 
SR 81. The Senate bill and House amendment 
update a section reference, although the ref-erence is different in each bill reflecting dif-ferent bill structures. 
LC 82. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds a new eligibility option for con-struction payments. 
HR 83. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical edit to up-date a mistake in current law. 
HR 84. The Senate bill and House amendment 
update section references, although the ref-erences are different in each bill reflecting different bill structures. 
LC 85. The Senate bill and House amendment 
update a section reference, although the ref-erence is different in each bill reflecting dif-ferent bill structures. 
LC 86. Both the Senate and House amendment 
add a new eligibility option for emergency and modernization construction payments. 
LC 87. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, limits the Secretary from limiting eligibility for LEAs that meet certain re-quirements, including LEAs where at least 40 percent of federally connected Indian chil-dren were enrolled in the prior year and in LEAs where more than 10 percent of the property is exempt from State and local tax-ation under federal law. 
HR 88. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes language enabling the Sec-retary to request of LEAs any information the Secretary may desire in the emergency and modernization grant applications. 
SR with an amendment in subparagraph 
(A) by adding at the end ‘‘and containing such additional information as may be nec-essary to meet the award criteria of this sub-section as provided in any other Act.’’ 
89. Both the Senate bill and the House 
amendment strike the annual report to the Secretary. 
LC 90. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment update a section reference, although the reference is different in each bill reflect-ing different bill structures. 
LC 91. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment strike language enabling the Secretary to request of States any information the Secretary may desire in the State’s written notice of intention to include Impact Aid payments as State aid to an LEA for the pur-pose of state equalization plans. 
LC 92. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a technical reference up-date. 
LC 93. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes a reference to the Act of Sep-tember 30, 1950 and accompanying related language. 
SR 94. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds Coast Guard to the definition of ‘‘Armed Forces’’. 
SR 95. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes a reference to Title VI in the definition of ‘‘Current Expenditures’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.099 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8621 November 30, 2015 
SR 
96. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, updates the definition of ‘‘Fed-eral Property’’ as it relates to land that is conveyed at any time under the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settler Act to certain parties that meets certain tax circumstances. 
HR with an amendment to insert at the end 
of (bb) ‘‘that has no taxing power’’ 
97. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment update a U.S.C. reference to the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-De-termination Act of 1996. 
LC 98. The House amendment makes a tech-
nical edit, adding a comma, to the definition of ‘‘Local Contribution Percentage.’’ 
HR 99. The Senate bill updates the five author-
ization levels for Impact Aid programs to be such sums for fiscal years 2016–2021. The House amendment repeals the authorization levels here, but includes them in Sec 3 of the bill. 
HR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing: 
(a) In paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘such sums 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘$66,813,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $71,997,917 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
(b) In paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘such sums 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,151,233,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $1,240,572,618 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
(c) In paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘such sums 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘ $48,316,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $52,065,487 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
(d) In paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘such sums 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,406,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $18,756,765 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
(e) In paragraph (6) by striking ‘‘such sums 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘ $4,835,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $5,210,213 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
100. The House amendment makes changes 
to the FY 2013 NDAA to make the Impact Aid changes included within it permanent. The Senate bill also makes such change. See note 3. 
LC 101. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes all of Title IV. 
HR 102. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, repeals Public Law 113–76; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note. 
SR 103. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, redesignates Title VIII to Title IV. 
LC 104. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, changes all references in Title VIII to appropriate Title IV reference. 
LC 
TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. The Senate bill leaves the general provi-
sions in Title IX. The House amendment moved the general provisions to Title VI. 
HR/SR with an amendment to redesignate 
Title IX as Title VIII 
2. The Senate bill uses the number ‘‘4’’ and 
the House amendment uses the word ‘‘four’’ in the title of the definition. 
LC 3. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different methods for defining four year adjusted cohort graduation rate. The Senate bill refers to the 2008 graduation rate cal-culation and the House amendment provides 
for a definition. 
SR with an amendment to strike and re-
place with the following: 
(22) F
OUR-YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT GRADUA -
TION RATE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘four-year ad-
justed cohort graduation rate’ means the ratio where— 
(i) the denominator consists of the number 
of students who form the original cohort of entering first-time 9th grade students en-rolled in the high school no later than the ef-fective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Edu-cation Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act, adjusted by— 
(I) adding the students who joined that co-
hort, after the time of the determination of the original cohort; and 
(II) subtracting only those students who 
left that cohort, after the time of the deter-mination of the original cohort, as described in subparagraph (B); and 
(ii) except as provided in subclause (III), 
the numerator— 
(I) consists of the number of students in 
the cohort, as adjusted under clause (i), who earned a regular high school diploma before, during, or at the conclusion of— 
(aa) the fourth year of high school; or (bb) a summer session immediately fol-
lowing the fourth year of high school; and 
(II) consists of all students with the most 
significant cognitive disabilities assessed using the alternate assessment aligned to al-ternate academic achievement standards under section 1111(b)(2)(D) awarded a State- defined alternate diploma that is standards- based and aligned with the State require-ments for the regular high school diploma, and obtained within the time period for which the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public education under sec-tion 612(a)(1) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act; and 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ in-
tent that the State shall determine require-ments for both the regular high school di-ploma and for the State-defined alternate di-ploma described in this subclause. Require-ments determined by the state for the alter-nate diploma must be aligned to the State’s requirements for the regular high school di-ploma and should be reflective of the State’s requirements for a regular high school di-ploma with respect to satisfactory coursework completion or competency dem-onstrations that reflect professional judg-ment as to the highest possible standards achievable by such students.’’ 
(III) shall not consist of any student 
awarded a GED or other recognized equiva-lent, certificate of completion, certificate of attendance, or similar lesser credential. 
(B) C
OHORT REMOVAL .—To remove a stu-
dent from a cohort, a school or local edu-cational agency shall require documentation to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, trans-ferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is deceased. 
(C) T
RANSFERRED OUT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-
graph, the term ‘transferred out’ means a student who the high school or local edu-cational agency has confirmed, according to clause (ii), has transferred— 
(I) to another school from which the stu-
dent is expected to receive a regular high school diploma; or 
(II) to another educational program from 
which the student is expected to receive a regular high school diploma. 
(ii) C
ONFIRMATION REQUIREMENTS .— (I) D OCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The con-
firmation of a student’s transfer to another school or educational program described in clause (i) requires documentation from the receiving school or program that the student enrolled in the receiving school or program. 
(II) L
ACK OF CONFIRMATION .—A student who 
was enrolled, but for whom there is no con-firmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
(iii) P
ROGRAMS NOT PROVIDING CREDIT .—A 
student who is retained in grade or who is enrolled in a GED or other alternative edu-cational program that does not issue or pro-vide credit toward the issuance of a regular high school diploma shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the ad-justed cohort. 
(D) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
(i) C OHORT FORMATION .—For those high 
schools that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the effective date for student member-ship data submitted annually by State edu-cational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act. 
(ii) V
ERY SMALL SCHOOLS .—A state edu-
cational agency may calculate the 4-year ad-justed cohort graduation rate described under this paragraph for a high school with an average enrollment over a 4-year period of less than 100 students for purposes of dif-ferentiation under section 1111(c)(4)(D)(i)(II) by— 
(I) aggregating data included in the de-
nominator and numerator described under clause (i) and clause (ii) of subparapgrah (A), respectively, over a period of three years; or 
(II) Establishing a minimum number of 
students that must be included in the cohort described in clause (i) of subparagraph (A) that will provide a valid graduation rate cal-culation as determined by the Secretary, below which the school shall be exempt from such differentiation. 
4. The House amendment defines ‘charter 
school’ in Title VI. The Senate bill defines ‘‘charter school’’ in Title V. The language is slightly different but substantively the same. 
HR 5. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain different section references to reflect different bill structures. 
LC 6. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different section references to re-flect different bill structures. 
LC 7. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different section references to re-flect different bill structures. 
LC 
8. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different section references to re-flect different bill structures. 
LC 9. The Senate bill modifies the definition 
of ‘‘core academic subjects’’ and the House amendment eliminates it. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert the 
following: 
(11) W
ELL-ROUNDED EDUCATION .—The term 
‘‘well-rounded education’’ means courses, ac-tivities, and programming in subjects includ-ing English, reading or language arts, writ-ing, science, technology, engineering, mathe-matics, foreign languages, civics and govern-ment, economics, arts, history, geography, computer science, music, career and tech-nical education, health, and physical edu-cation, and any other subject as determined by the State or local educational agency, with the purpose of providing all students access to an enriched curriculum and edu-cational experience. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:05 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.100 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8622 November 30, 2015 
10. The Senate bill and House amendment 
define ‘‘covered program’’ in different ways, reflecting different programs in either bill. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘(B) Title II’’ 
through the period at the end and insert ‘‘(B) part C of title I; (C) part D of title I; (D) part A of title II; (E) part A of title III; (F) part A of title IV; (G) part B of title IV; (H) subpart 2 of part C of title V’’ 
11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, slightly amends this definition. 
SR 12. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, contains a definition of ‘‘direct stu-dent services’’. 
HR 13. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, modifies the ‘‘distance learning’’ definition and renames it ‘‘distance edu-cation’’. 
HR 14. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition of ‘‘dual or concurrent enrollment’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(17) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘dual or concurrent en-
rollment program’ means a program offered by a partnership between at least one insti-tution of higher education and at least one local educational agency through which a secondary school student who has not grad-uated from high school with a regular high school diploma is able to enroll in one or more postsecondary courses and earn post-secondary credit that is transferable to the institutions of higher education in the part-nership and applies toward completion of a degree or recognized educational credential. 
15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition of ‘‘early childhood education program’’. 
HR 16. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment includes a definition of ‘‘early college high school’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘transfer-
able’’ and insert ‘‘that are transferable to the institutions of higher education in the part-nership’’ 
17. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging’’ 
academic standards. 
HR 18. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use different cross-references. 
HR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, has a definition for ‘‘evidence- based’’. 
HR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing: 
(23) E
VIDENCE -BASED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘evidence-based’, when used with respect to a State, local edu-cational agency, or school activity, means an activity that— 
(i) demonstrates a statistically significant 
effect on improving student outcomes or other relevant outcomes based on— 
(I) strong evidence from at least 1 well-de-
signed and well-implemented experimental study; 
(II) moderate evidence from at least 1 well- 
designed and well-implemented quasi-experi-mental study; or 
(III) promising evidence from at least 1 
well-designed and well-implemented correla-tional study with statistical controls for se-lection bias; or 
(ii) (I) demonstrates a rationale that is 
based on high-quality research findings or positive evaluation that such activity is likely to improve student outcomes or other relevant outcomes; and 
(II) includes ongoing efforts to examine the 
effects of such activity. (B) D
EFINITION FOR SPECIFIC ACTIVITIES  
FUNDED UNDER THIS ACT .— The term ‘evi-
dence-based’, means a State, local edu-cational agency, or school activity that meets the requirements of subclause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(i) when used with respect to interventions or improvement ac-tivities or strategies funded under section 1003. 
(C) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—If requested 
by State or local educational agencies, re-gional educational laboratories shall provide technical assistance to such State or local educational agency in meeting the require-ments of this paragraph. 
20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, has a definition of ‘‘expanded learning time’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘instruc-
tion and enrichment in core academic sub-jects, other academic subjects, and other ac-tivities that contribute to’’ and insert ‘‘activi-ties and instruction for enrichment in’’ 
21. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have different methods for defining ‘‘extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate’’. The Senate bill refers to the 2008 regu-lation and the House amendment defines ‘‘extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate’’. 
SR with an amendment to strike and re-
place with the following: 
(20) E
XTENDED -YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT  
GRADUATION RATE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘extended-year 
adjusted cohort graduation rate’ means the ratio where— 
(i) the denominator consists of the number 
of students who form the original cohort of entering first-time 9th grade students en-rolled in the high school no later than the ef-fective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Edu-cation Statistics under section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act, adjusted by— 
(I) adding the students who joined that co-
hort, after the time of the determination of the original cohort; and 
(II) subtracting only those students who 
left that cohort, after the time of the deter-mination of the original cohort, as described in subparagraph (B); and 
(ii) except as provided in subclause (III), 
the numerator— 
(I) consists of the number of students in 
the cohort, as adjusted under clause (i), who earned a regular high school diploma before, during, or at the conclusion of— 
(aa) one or more additional years beyond 
the fourth year of high school; or 
(bb) a summer session immediately fol-
lowing the additional year of high school; and 
(II) consists of all students with the most 
significant cognitive disabilities assessed using the alternate assessment aligned to al-ternate academic achievement standards under section 1111(b)(2)(D) awarded a State- defined alternate diploma that is standards- based and aligned with the State require-ments for the regular high school diploma, and obtained within the time period for which the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public education under sec-tion 612(a)(1) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act; 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ in-
tent that the State shall determine require-ments for both the regular high school di-ploma and for the State-defined alternate di-ploma described in this subclause. Require-ments determined by the State for the alter-nate diploma must be aligned to the State’s requirements for the regular high school di-
ploma and should be reflective of the State’s requirements for a regular high school di-ploma with respect to satisfactory 
coursework completion or competency dem-onstrations that reflect professional judg-ment as to the highest possible standards achievable by such students.’’ 
(III) shall not consist of any student 
awarded a GED or other recognized equiva-lent, certificate of completion, certificate of attendance, or similar lesser credential. 
(B) C
OHORT REMOVAL .—To remove a stu-
dent from a cohort, a school or local edu-cational agency shall require documentation to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, trans-ferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is deceased. 
(C) T
RANSFERRED OUT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-
graph, the term ‘transferred out’ means a student who the high school or local edu-cational agency has confirmed, according to clause (ii), has transferred— 
(I) to another school from which the stu-
dent is expected to receive a regular high school diploma; or 
(II) to another educational program from 
which the student is expected to receive a 
regular high school diploma. 
(ii) C
ONFIRMATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
(I) D OCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The con-
firmation of a student’s transfer to another school or educational program described in clause (i) requires documentation from the receiving school or program that the student enrolled in the receiving school or program. 
(II) L
ACK OF CONFIRMATION .—A student who 
was enrolled, but for whom there is no con-firmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the denominator of the extended-year adjusted cohort. 
(iii) P
ROGRAMS NOT PROVIDING CREDIT .—A 
student who is retained in grade or who is enrolled in a GED or other alternative edu-cational program that does not issue or pro-vide credit toward the issuance of a regular high school diploma shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the ex-tended-year adjusted cohort. 
(D) S
PECIAL RULE .—For those high schools 
that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State edu-cational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act. 
22. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a definition for ‘‘high-qual-ity academic tutoring’’. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a definition of multi-tier system of supports. 
HR with an amendment to strike (33) and 
insert a new (33) as follows: 
‘(33) M
ULTI-TIER SYSTEM OF SUPPORTS .—The 
term ‘multi-tier system of supports’ means a comprehensive continuum of evidence-based, systemic practices to support a rapid re-sponse to students’ needs, with regular ob-servation to facilitate data-based instruc-tional decision making.’; 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the intent of the 
Conferees that the full range of students’’ needs, including academic needs and behav-ioral needs, be addressed through a school’s use of a multi-tier system of supports.’’ 
24. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, eliminates the definition of ‘‘men-toring’’. 
HR 25. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill update the definition of ‘‘outlying areas’’ in different ways. 
SR 26. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition of ‘‘para-professional’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:05 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.101 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8623 November 30, 2015 
HR 
27. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different section references in sub-paragraph (D). 
LC 28. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a definition for ‘‘Pay For Success Initiatives’’. 
SR with an amendment to strike the defini-
tion and insert the following: 
PAY FOR SUCCESS INITIATIVE.—The 
term ‘‘pay for success initiative’’ means a performance-based grant, contract, or coop-erative agreement awarded by a public enti-ty in which a commitment is made to pay for improved outcomes that result in social ben-efit and direct cost savings or cost avoidance to the public sector. Such an initiative must include— 
(1) a feasibility study on the initiative de-
scribing how the proposed intervention is based on evidence of effectiveness; 
(2) a rigorous, third party evaluation that 
uses experimental or quasi-experimental de-sign or other research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal infer-ences to determine whether the initiative has met its proposed outcomes; 
(3) an annual, publicly available report on 
the progress of the initiative; and 
(4) except as provided as under paragraph 
(2), a requirement that payments are made to the recipient of a grant contactor or coop-erative agreement only when agreed upon outcomes are achieved. 
29. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment both include a definition of ‘‘profes-sional development’’ but they are different. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘the term 
‘professional development’ —’’ and everything that follows through the ‘‘.’’ at the end and in-sert after ‘‘PROFESSIONAL DEVELOP-MENT—’’ the following: 
The term ‘‘professional development’’ 
means activities that— 
(A) are an integral part of school and local 
educational agency strategies for providing educators (including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, paraprofessionals, and, as applicable, early childhood edu-cators) with the knowledge and skills nec-essary to enable students to succeed in the [core academic subjects] and to meet chal-lenging State academic standards; and 
(B) are sustained (not stand-alone, 1-day, 
or short term workshops), intensive, collabo-rative, job-embedded, data-driven, class-room-focused, and may include activities that— 
(i) improve and increase teachers’— (I) knowledge of the academic subjects the 
teachers teach; 
(II) understanding of how students learn; 
and 
(III) ability to analyze student work and 
achievement from multiple sources, includ-ing how to adjust instructional strategies, assessments, and materials based on such analysis; 
(ii) are an integral part of broad 
schoolwide and districtwide educational im-provement plans; 
(iii) allow personalized plans for each edu-
cator to address the educator’s specific needs identified in observation or other feedback; 
(iv) improve classroom management skills; (v) support the recruiting, hiring, and 
training of effective teachers, including teachers who became certified through State and local alternative routes to certification; 
(vi) advance teacher understanding of— (I) effective instructional strategies that 
are evidence-based; and 
(II) strategies for improving student aca-
demic achievement or substantially increas-ing the knowledge and teaching skills of teachers; (vii) are aligned with, and directly related 
to academic goals of the school or local edu-cational agency; 
(viii) are developed with extensive partici-
pation of teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, representatives of Indian tribes (as applicable), and administrators of schools to be served under this Act; 
(ix) are designed to give teachers of chil-
dren who are English learners, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowl-edge and skills to provide instruction and ap-propriate language and academic support services to those children, including the ap-propriate use of curricula and assessments; 
(x) to the extent appropriate, provide 
training for teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the use of technology (in-cluding education about the harms of copy-right piracy), so that technology and tech-nology applications are effectively used in the classroom to improve teaching and learning in the curricula and academic sub-
jects in which the teachers teach; 
(xi) as a whole, are regularly evaluated for 
their impact on increased teacher effective-ness and improved student academic achievement, with the findings of the eval-uations used to improve the quality of pro-fessional development; 
(xii) are designed to give teachers of chil-
dren with disabilities or children with devel-opmental delays, and other teachers and in-structional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and academic support services to those children, including positive behavioral interventions and supports, multi-tiered systems of supports, and use of accommodations; 
(xiii) include instruction in the use of data 
and assessments to inform and instruct classroom practice; 
(xiv) include instruction in ways that 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and school administrators may work more effectively with parents and families; 
(xv) involve the forming of partnerships 
with institutions of higher education, includ-ing, as applicable, Tribal Colleges and Uni-versities as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c (b)), to establish school-based teacher, prin-cipal, and other school leader training pro-grams that provide prospective teachers, novice teachers, principals, and other school leaders with an opportunity to work under the guidance of experienced teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, and faculty of such institutions; 
(xvi) create programs to enable paraprofes-
sionals (assisting teachers employed by a local educational agency receiving assist-ance under part A of title I) to obtain the education necessary for those paraprofes-sionals to become certified and licensed teachers; 
(xvii) provide follow-up training to teach-
ers who have participated in activities de-scribed in this paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the teachers are implemented in the classroom; and 
(xviii) where applicable and practical, pro-
vide jointly for school staff and other early childhood education program providers, to address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness.’ 
30. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a definition of ‘‘regular high school diploma’’. 
SR with an amendment to strike and re-
place with the following: 
‘(37) REGULAR HIGH SCHOOL DI-
PLOMA—The term ‘regular high school di-ploma’ means the standard high school di-ploma awarded to the preponderance of stu-dents in the State that is fully aligned with State standards, or a higher diploma. Such 
term shall not include a GED or other recog-nized equivalent of a diploma, a certificate of attendance, or any lesser diploma award. 
31. The Senate bill definition for ‘‘school 
leader’’ is structured differently from the definition in the House amendment and con-tains specific references to ‘‘elementary school’’ and ‘‘secondary school’’. 
HR 32. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, refers to optimum conditions for student learning. 
HR 33. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have a different structure for the definition of ‘‘specialized instructional support per-sonnel’’. 
LC 34. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes school nurses, speech language pathologists, and school librarians in the definition for ‘‘specialized instruc-tional support personnel’’. 
HR 35. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, updates the definition for ‘‘tech-nology’’. 
SR 36. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition for ‘‘uni-versal design for learning’’. 
HR Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ in-
tent that the term ‘‘universal design for learning’’ refers to efforts that reduce bar-riers in instruction, that ensure appropriate accommodations and supports, and that allow all students, particularly those with disabilities and English learners, to meet high academic achievement expectations. The term refers to a scientifically valid framework for guiding educational practice that provides flexibility in the ways informa-tion is presented, in the ways students re-spond or demonstrate knowledge and skills, and in the ways students are engaged.’’ 
37. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different title references. 
LC 38. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes the requirement for States to demonstrate a majority of funds come from non-federal sources. 
HR 39. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an additional use of funds 
HR 40. The location of section 9203(b) amend-
ments is out of order in the Senate bill. 
LC 41. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an additional use of funds related to fiscal support teams. 
HR 
42. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, strikes a reference to ‘‘including measurable goals and objectives’’ 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, includ-
ing program objectives’’ after ‘‘effectiveness’’ 
43. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, removes ‘‘nonprofit’’ from ‘‘public and private agencies’’. 
SR 
44. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, removes requirement for the private agency to be nonprofit in 2(A) and 2(B). 
SR 45. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an option for rural dis-tricts and educational service agencies to submit a consolidated plan. 
HR 46. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, removes the cross reference to State plans being submitted pursuant to current law section 9305 or separately. 
SR 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:05 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.103 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8624 November 30, 2015 
47. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, removes requirement for the private agency to be nonprofit 
SR 48. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for the local educational agency to request a waiver through the state educational agency and for schools to request waivers through the local educational agency who then may request it through the state educational agency. 
HR 49. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill contain different exceptions. 
HR 50. The House amendment also contains 
limitations. 
HR 51. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the Secretary to waive stat-utory or regulatory requirements for the state educational agencies, Indian tribes, or schools who submit a waiver pursuant to the subsection. 
HR 52. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements for the contents of the waiver applications. 
HR 53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, maintains the requirement that the application describe how the waiver will increase the quality of instruction for stu-dents and improve the academic achieve-ment of students. The House amendment in-cludes a requirement that the application reasonably demonstrate how the waiver will improve instruction and advance student academic achievement. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘reason-
ably demonstrates that the waiver will im-prove instruction for students and’’ and in-sert ‘‘describes how the waiving of those re-quirements will’’ 
54. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the entity seeking a waiver to regularly evaluate the effective-ness of the waiver. 
HR 55. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a provision that re-quires waiver plans to only include informa-tion directly related to the waiver request. 
SR with an amendment to insert a new sub-
paragraph (E) as follows: ’’(E) includes only information directly related to the waiver re-quest; and’’ 
and amend subparagraph (E) of current law 
by inserting the following: 
, and, if the waiver relates to provisions of 
section 1111(b) or [(h)], how the State edu-cational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe will maintain or improve trans-parency in reporting to parents and the pub-lic on student achievement and school per-formance, including the achievement of the subgroups of students identified in section 1111[(b)(2)(B)(xi)]’’ after ‘‘requested’’ 
56. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill have different lead-ins before subpara-graph (A). 
LC 57. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment contain similar language. 
HR 58. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a cross-reference to the language preceding clause (i) permitting the State to act on behalf of local educational agencies. 
HR 59. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, inserts ‘‘the public’’ and ‘‘provide input’’ in clause (i). 
SR 60. The House amendment refers to 
‘‘LEAs’’ while the Senate bill refers to ‘‘any interested LEAs.’’ HR 
61. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a requirement that the state provide this information to any LEA to the extent the waiver request impacts that LEA. 
HR 62. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘input’’ to clause (ii). 
SR 
63. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the States to describe how they addressed comments when submitting the request to the Secretary. 
SR 64. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds opportunities for comment in a reasonable time to the public and LEAs in clause (iii). 
SR 65. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a requirement for the SEA to approve any LEA waiver request in ac-cordance with subsection (a)(2) before sub-mission. 
HR 66. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘and the public’’ at the end. 
SR 67. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds reasonable opportunities for the State and public to comment on waiver requests. 
SR 68. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a peer review requirement. 
HR 69. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different paragraph numbers. 
HR 70. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to issue a written determination regarding the approval or disapproval and the House amendment requires the Secretary to ap-prove the waiver unless certain conditions are met. 
HR with amendment to insert ‘‘initial’’ after 
‘‘regarding the’’ and strike ‘‘submitted,’’ and all that follows and insert ‘‘submitted.’’ Initial disapproval of such request shall be based on the determination of the Secretary that—’’ 
71. The Senate bill includes a 90 day 
timeline, the House amendment includes 60 days. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘90’’ and in-
sert ‘‘120’’ 
72. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes clauses (iii) and (iv). 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘clause (iii)’’ 
insert all that follows: 
‘(iii) the plan that is required under para-
graph (1)(C), provides insufficient informa-tion to demonstrate that the waiving of such requirements will advance student academic achievement consistent with the purposes of this Act; or 
72A. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have the same subparagraph (B). 
HR/SR with amendment to strike ‘‘If the 
Secretary determines’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section,’’ and insert ‘‘Upon the ini-tial determination of disapproval under sub-paragraph (A),’’ 
73. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment adds a mention of ‘‘through the State educational agency’’. 
HR 74. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to provide detailed reasons for the waiver de-termination and permits the reasons to be posted online. The House amendment says the detailed reasons have to be provided at the request of the SEA. 
HR 75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment includes ‘‘through the SEA’’. 
HR 76. The Senate bill and House amendment 
refer to the 60 day timeline in different ways. HR 
76a. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have the same clause (iii). 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘public’’ 76b. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment have the same subparagraph (C). 
HR/SR with amendment to insert ‘‘ulti-
mately’’ after ‘‘The Secretary may’’ 
77. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘through the SEA’’. 
HR 78. The House amendment contains ‘‘if re-
quested’’ at the end of subclause (II). 
SR. 79. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different provisions on external con-ditions. 
HR 80. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes Indian tribes in paragraph (1). 
SR 81. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, removes the paragraph related to maintenance of effort. 
HR 82. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill removes the paragraph related to 
charter schools. The Senate bill updates a cross reference in paragraph (8) of the Senate bill. 
HR 83. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes changes to current law para-graph (9) (paragraph (7) in the House amend-ment) regarding prohibitions. 
HR/LC 84. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different section references. 
LC 85. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes updates to paragraph (10) of the Senate bill to reflect a change in bill structure. 
SR 86. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, shortens the length of possible waiv-er approval time from 4 years to 3 years. 
HR 86a. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, changes ‘‘Secretary determines’’ to ‘‘State demonstrates’’. 
SR 87. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different provisions related to limi-tations. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘any cri-
terion that specifies, defines, describes, or prescribes’’ and all that follows to ‘‘improve’’ and insert ‘‘any specific elements of’’ 
88. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different reporting requirements. 
HR 89. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements for the termi-nation of waivers. 
HR 90. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for the re-peal of waivers. 
SR 91. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan approval process for all State and local ap-plications and plans in the bill, including consolidated State and local plans. 
Note not needed. 92. The Senate bill redesignates current 
law section 4303 as section 9573, and updates references to early childhood. The House amendment repeals current law section 4303. 
HR 93. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan approval process for all State applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated State plans. The House amendment includes similar language for Title II State applica-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.104 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8625 November 30, 2015 
HR with amendment to read as follows: 
(3) by inserting after section 9401 the fol-
lowing: 
PART E—APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL 
OF STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICA-TIONS 
SEC. 9451. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
STATE PLANS. 
(a) A PPROVAL —A plan submitted by a State 
pursuant to section [2101(d), 4103(d), or 9302] shall be approved by the Secretary unless the Secretary makes a written determina-tion (which shall include rationale sup-porting such determination), prior to the ex-piration of the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary received the plan, that the plan is not in compliance with section [2101(d) or 4103(d) or part C], respec-tively; and 
94. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan disapproval process for all State applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated State plans. The House amendment includes similar language for Title II State applica-tions. 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
(E) conduct a hearing within 30 days of the 
plan’s resubmission under subparagraph (C), unless a State declines the opportunity for such hearing; and 
(F) request additional information, only as 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the plan compliant. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—A plan submitted under 
section [ section 2101(d), 4103(d), or 9302] shall not be approved or disapproved based upon the activities proposed within such plan if such proposed activities meet the applicable program requirements.’’ 
(3) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notifica-tion described in paragraph (2)(A) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the notification, and resubmits the plan with the requested information described in para-graph (2)(C), the Secretary shall approve such plan unless the Secretary determines the plan does not meet the requirements of this part. 
95. The Senate bill ensures consolidated 
State plans related to Part A are subject to Title I peer review. 
HR 96. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan approval process for all local applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated local plans. The House amendment includes similar language for Title II local applica-tions. 
HR with amendment to read as follows: 
SEC. 9452. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AP-PLICATIONS. 
(a) A PPROVAL —An application submitted 
by a local educational agency pursuant to section [2102(b), 4104(b), or 9305], shall be ap-proved by the State educational agency un-less the State educational agency makes a written determination (which shall include the supporting information and rationale for such determination), prior to the expiration of the 90 day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the application, that the application is not in compliance with section 2102(b) or 4104(b), or part C, respectively. 
97. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan disapproval process for all local applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated local plans. The House amendment includes similar language for Title II local applica-tions. 
HR with amendment to read as follows: (b) D
ISAPPROVAL PROCESS — 
(E) conduct a hearing within 30 days of the 
application’s resubmission under subpara-graph (C), unless a local educational agency declines the opportunity for such hearing; and 
(3) R
ESPONSE —If the local educational 
agency responds to the State educational agency’s notification described in paragraph (2)(A) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the local educational agency received the notification, and resub-mits the application with the requested in-formation described in paragraph (2)(C), the State educational agency shall approve such application unless the State educational agency determines the application does not meet the requirements of this part. 
98. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make different changes to participation re-quirements for private school children. 
STRIKE 99. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, adds ‘‘or their representatives’’. 
HR 100. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds an ombudsman. 
SR 101. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes changes to expenditures, including adding provisions for obligations of funds and notice of allocation. 
HR 102. The House amendment includes a (B) 
for obligation of funds. 
SR with amendment to strike clause (ii) Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees in-
tent to ensure that the agency shall provide services to eligible students under this provi-sion in a timely manner to ensure such serv-ices will be provided in the year in which the funds were received by such agency. If the agency does not provide equitable services in the year in which the funds were received, such funds should not be redistributed for general use because such services were not provided.’’ 
103. House amendment adds paragraph (C). SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘deter-
mine’’ through all of clause (ii) and insert ‘‘provide notice in a timely manner to the ap-propriate private school officials in the State of the allocation of funds for educational services and other benefits under this sub-part that the local educational agencies have determined are available for eligible private school children.’’ 
104. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have equitable participation provisions apply to different programs in the Act. 
SR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following: (A) Part C of title I; (B) Part A of title II; (C) Part A of title III; (D) Part A of title IV; and (E) Part B of title IV; 
105. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different changes to subsection (c)(1). 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘in order to 
reach an agreement, with appropriate pri-vate school officials during the design and development of the programs under this Act, on issues such as’’ and insert ‘‘. Such agency and private school officials shall both have the goal of reaching agreement on how to provide equitable and effective programs for eligible private school children,’’ 
106. The House and Senate make different 
changes to subparagraph (E). 
HR 107. The House amendment adds ‘‘or rep-
resentatives’’ to subparagraph (F). 
HR 108. The Senate bill but not the House 
amendment includes contract before serv-ices. 
SR 109. The House amendment includes a sub-
paragraph (G). 
HR 110. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar policy in subparagraph (G) of the Senate bill and subparagraph (H) of the House amendment. 
HR 110a. The House amendment includes sub-
paragraph (I). 
SR 111. The House amendment includes ‘‘or 
representatives’’ in paragraph (2). 
HR 112. The House amendment makes changes 
to paragraph (2). 
HR 113. The House amendment adds paragraph 
(5) on documentation. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or rep-
resentatives’’ and to insert after ‘‘indicate’’ ‘‘that such officials’ belief’’ (See EP #33) 
114. The House amendment adds paragraph 
(6) on compliance. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or rep-
resentatives’’ and insert ‘‘make a decision that treats’’ after ‘‘or did not’’ 
115. The House amendment adds subpara-
graph (C) in paragraph (6) on state services. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘and institu-
tions, if —‘‘ and all that follows through the end and insert ‘‘and institutions, if the appro-priate private school officials or their rep-resentatives have— ‘(I) requested that the State educational agency provide such services directly; and ‘(II) demonstrated that the local educational agency involved has not met the require-ments of this section in accordance with the procedures for making such a request, as pre-scribed by the State educational agency;’’ 
116. The House amendment and Senate bill 
reference different sections in 6502 and 6503. 
LC 117. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds a 45 day timeline for com-plaints to be resolved by the states. 
SR 118. The House amendment changes the 
Secretary’s timeline to 90 days. 
SR 119. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for mainte-nance of effort. 
HR 120. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a change to this provi-sion for school prayer. 
HR 121. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment both include prohibitions on Federal government and use of funds, but include dif-ferent language. 
SR with amendment to read as follows: 
SEC. 8XXX. PROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL 
MANDATES, DIRECTION, OR CON-TROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No officer or employee of 
the Federal Government shall, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements, mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or pro-gram of instruction developed and imple-mented to meet the requirements of this Act (including any requirement, direction, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other aca-demic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, in-structional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards), nor shall anything in this Act be construed to authorize such officer or employee to do so. 
(b) F
INANCIAL SUPPORT .—No officer or em-
ployee of the Federal Government shall con-dition or incentivize the receipt of any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:42 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.105 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8626 November 30, 2015 
grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, 
the receipt of any priority or preference under such grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, or the receipt of a waiver under section [8401] upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adoption or implementa-tion of specific instructional content, aca-demic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction developed and im-plemented to meet the requirements of this Act (including any condition, priority, or preference to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other aca-demic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, in-structional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards). 
SEC. 8XXX. PROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL GOVERN-
MENT AND USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS. 
(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government, in-cluding through a grant, contract, or cooper-ative agreement, to mandate, direct, or con-trol a State, local educational agency, or school’s curriculum, program of instruction, or allocation of State or local resources, or mandate a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act 
122. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include prohibitions on the endorse-ment of curriculum, but include different language. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘directly or 
indirectly’’ 
123. The House amendment includes a pro-
tection for local control. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘directly’’ 
or indirectly’’ 
124. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include a prohibition on Federal ap-proval of standards using different language. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘directly’’ 
or indirectly’’ 
125. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a rule of construction. 
HR with an amendment to strike subpara-
graph (A) and to strike in subparagraph (B) ‘‘Nothing in this section’’ and insert ‘‘Nothing in this Act’’ 
125a. The House amendment and Senate 
bill have different references, but the same policy. 
LC 126. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains provisions on prohib-ited uses of funding for construction, med-ical services, drug treatment, and other uses. 
SR 
126a. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, has a prohibition for construc-tion in (1) 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘title IV or 
otherwise authorized’’ 
126b. The House amendment and Senate 
bill includes different paragraph (2)s. 
HR 126c. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, has a paragraph on transpor-tation prohibition. 
SR 126d. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes changes to (4) and (5). 
HR 127. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include an Armed Forces Recruiter Ac-cess policy, but use different language in (a)(1). 
SR 128. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, amends the opt out process. 
SR 129. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds a rule of construction on opt-in processes. 
SR 130. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds a provision on parental con-sent. 
SR 130a. The House amendment includes a ref-
erence to the bill title. 
LC 131. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include a prohibition on federally spon-sored testing, but use different language. 
HR 132. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment updates an ESRA reference. 
HR 133. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, also includes a rule of construc-tion. 
SR 134. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include a limitation on national test-ing or certification for teachers, but use dif-ferent language. 
HR with an amendment to insert in the 
heading ‘‘, principals, or other school lead-ers’’ after teachers 
135. The Senate bill adds ‘‘principals’’ after 
‘‘teachers’’. 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: ‘‘(1) by inserting ’, principals, or other 
school leaders,’ after ‘teacher’; and’’ insert ‘‘, or other school leaders’’ before the period. 
136. The Senate bill adds ‘‘or incentive re-
garding’’ after ‘‘administration of’’. 
HR 137. The House amendment moves the pro-
hibition regarding state aid and changes ‘‘title viii’’ to ‘‘title iv’’ to reflect a change of structure in the House amendment, but otherwise the provisions are identical. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘title 
VIII’’ and insert ‘‘title VII’’ 
138. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision on prohibi-tions regarding requiring state participation. 
SR 139. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision on con-sultation with Indian tribes. 
HR to strike the Senate language and in-
sert the following: 
SEC. XX. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES 
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To ensure timely and 
meaningful consultation on issues affecting American Indian and Alaska Native stu-dents, an affected local educational agency shall consult with appropriate officials from Indian tribes or tribal organizations ap-proved by the tribes located in the area served by the local educational agency prior to the affected local educational agency’s submission of a required plan or application for a covered program under this Act or for a program under Title VII of this Act. 
(b) D
OCUMENTATION .—Each affected local 
educational agency shall maintain in the agency’s records and provide to the State educational agency a written affirmation signed by the appropriate officials of the par-ticipating tribes that the consultation re-quired by this section has occurred. If such officials do not provide such affirmation within a reasonable period of time, the af-fected local educational agency shall forward documentation that such consultation has taken place to the State educational agency. 
(c) A
FFECTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CY.—In this section, the term ‘affected local 
educational agency’ means a local edu-cational agency— (1) with an enrollment of American Indian or Alaska Native students that is not less than 50 percent of the total enrollment of the local educational agency; or ‘(2) that received a grant in the previous fis-cal year under Title VI, Part A, Subpart 1 that exceeded $40,000. .’. 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE OFFICIALS .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘appropriate officials’’ means tribal officials who are elected or appointed 
tribal leaders or officials designated in writ-ing by an Indian tribe for this specific con-sultation purpose. 
(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION . Subject to the 
requirement in (a), nothing in this section shall be construed to require the local edu-cational agency to determine who are the ap-propriate officials nor shall the local edu-cational agency be liable for consultation with appropriate officials that the tribe de-termines were not the correct individuals. 
(g) L
IMITATION . 
(1) Consultation required under this section shall not interfere with the timely submis-sion of the plans or applications required under this Act.. 
140. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision on com-petitive grants applications from BIE. 
SR 141. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision on out-reach and technical assistance for rural local educational agencies. 
HR 142. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision on con-sultation with the governor. 
HR 143. The Senate bill and House amendment, 
include provisions to protect local control, but use different language. 
HR 144. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment includes a rule of construction regarding travel to and from school. 
HR 145. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision regarding abortion and school-based health centers. 
SR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following: 
SEC. 6532. SCHOOLCHILDREN’S PROTECTION 
FROM ABORTION PROVIDERS.’’ 
and all that follows and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. XXXX. LIMITATIONS ON SCHOOL–BASED 
HEALTH CENTERS. 
Notwithstanding section [8102], funds used 
for activities under this Act shall be carried out in accordance with the provision of sec-tion 399z–1(a)(3)(C) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 280h—5(a)(3)(C)). 
146. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision regarding state control over standards. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or any 
other specific standards,’’ and insert ‘‘or oth-erwise revise their standards.’’ 
147. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include similar provisions, except that the House amendment adds ‘‘as prescribed under section 1401.’’. 
HR 148. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision for peer re-view to relate to the whole bill. 
HR 149. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision for parental consent. 
HR 150. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision for reduc-tion in federal spending. 
HR 
151. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes findings and a sense of Congress on protecting student privacy. 
SR 152. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a provision for States retaining rights and authorities they do not expressly waive. 
HR 153. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains a provision on realloca-tion among the states. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.106 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8627 November 30, 2015 
HR/SR Strike all and replace with the fol-
lowing: 
Sense of the Congress.—It is the Sense of 
Congress that State and local officials should be consulted and made aware of the requirements that accompany participation in activities authorized under this Act prior to a State or local educational agency’s re-quest to participate in such activities. 
154. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains a definition for State with a biennial legislature. 
HR 155. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains a provision related to the intent of Congress. 
HR 156. The House amendment requires the 
Secretary to ensure that grantees under-stand their responsibility to protect student privacy. The Senate bill does not include this provision in this title. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘ensure’’ 
and insert ‘‘require an assurance that’’ 
157. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, eliminates current law section 9532 regarding ‘‘Unsafe School Choice Op-tion.’’ 
HR 158. The Senate bill and the House amend-
ment include a part on Evaluations, but in-clude different provisions. 
HR 159. The Senate bill requires and prioritizes 
evaluations, studies, and dissemination. The House amendment just allows these things. 
HR 160. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make evaluating effects and efficiencies of programs allowable, but use different struc-tures. 
HR 161. The Senate bill and House amendment 
allow funds to be used to increase evaluation usefulness, but use different language. 
HR 162. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funds to assist grantees in collecting and analyzing data related to evaluations. 
HR 163. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both require an evaluation plan, but use dif-ferent language around the requirements. 
HR 164. The Senate bill requires the National 
Assessment of Title I funds to go directly to this section, and excludes other Title I funds to be reserved for evaluation. The House amendment prohibits the reservation of Title I funds. 
HR 165. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision on con-solidation. 
HR 166. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain similar language related to evalua-tion activities authorized elsewhere, but the House amendment includes ‘‘other than Title I’’ and refers to ‘‘or project’’ in two places. 
HR 167. The House amendment redesignates 
several sections of current law in Title VI, General Provisions 
LC 167a. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, repeals Title IX. 
HR 168. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different section references and titles. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike Sec.
9117 and insert the following: 
SEC. 9117. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-
TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3) and 9114, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the 
following: 
SEC. 9539. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-
TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A State, State edu-
cational agency, or local educational agency in the case of a local educational agency des-ignated under State law, that receives Fed-eral funds under this Act shall have laws, regulations, or policies that prohibit any person who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee, contractor, or agent in ob-taining a new job, apart from the routine transmission of administrative and per-sonnel files, if the person or agency knows, or has probable cause to believe, that such school employee, contractor, or agent en-gaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law. 
‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-
section (a) shall not apply if the information giving rise to probable cause— 
(1)(A) has been properly reported to a law 
enforcement agency with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct; and 
(B) has been properly reported to any other 
authorities as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Education 
Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and the regulations implementing such title under part 106 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, or any succeeding regulations; and 
(2)(A) the case has been officially closed or 
the prosecutor with jurisdiction over the al-leged misconduct has investigated the alle-gations and notified school officials that there is insufficient information to establish probable cause that the school employee, contractor, or agent engaged in sexual mis-conduct regarding a minor or student in vio-lation of the law; 
(B) the school employee, contractor, or 
agent has been charged with, and exonerated of, the alleged misconduct; or 
(C) the case remains open but there have 
been no charges filed against, or indictment of, the school employee, contractor, or agent within 4 years of the date on which the infor-mation was reported to a law enforcement agency. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to mandate, direct, or control the specific measures adopted by a State, State educational agency, or local educational agency under this section. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prevent a State from adopting, or to override a State law, regula-tion, or policy that provides, greater or addi-tional protections to prohibit any person who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee who engaged in sexual mis-conduct regarding a minor or student in vio-lation of the law in obtaining a new job.’’. 
169. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes the State in addition to the State educational agency and local educational agency in the prohibition. 
See note 168. 170. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that any State, State educational agency, or local educational agency that receives funds under this Act have laws, regulations, or policies in place to prohibit assisting in the transfer. 
See note 168. 171. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a local educational agen-cy or State educational ineligible for funds under this Act if they ‘‘knowingly facilitate’’ a transfer of an employee. 
See note 168. 172. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes contractors or agents in addition to school employees. See note 168. 
173. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, uses the phrase ‘‘knows or reck-lessly disregards credible information indi-cating’’. 
See note 168. Report Language: ‘‘As used in section 8546, 
Prohibition on Aiding and Abetting Sexual Abuse, the phrase ‘‘has probable cause to be-lieve’’ means that the person knows facts that would lead a reasonable person to con-clude that a school employee, contractor, or agent has previously engaged in, or is cur-rently engaging in sexual misconduct.’’ 
174. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, uses the phrase ‘‘knowingly fa-cilitates the transfer of’’. 
See note 168. 175. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes exceptions for certain circumstances. 
See note 168. 176. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a prohibition on secre-tarial authority to mandate, direct, or con-trol specific measures adopted by a State, State educational agency, or local edu-cational agency. 
See note 168. 177. The Senate bill, not the House amend-
ment, has a rule of construction regarding State’s rights and laws. 
See note 168. 
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act 
1. The House amendment has a separate 
Title VII for ‘‘Homeless Education’’. The Senate bill merges ‘‘Homeless Education’’ with ‘‘Other Laws’’ and ‘‘Miscellaneous’’ in Title X. 
HR/SR with an amendment to place in new 
Title IX 
2. The House amendment and Senate bill 
refer to the paragraph to be amended in the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act in different ways. 
LC 3. The House amendment and Senate bill 
use different language when referring to State and local educational agencies. 
SR 4. The House amendment and Senate bill 
make the same change in paragraph (3). 
LC 5. The Senate bill includes the word ‘‘chal-
lenging’’ as it relates to State academic standards. 
HR 6. The House amendment and Senate bill 
provide for different section titles. 
HR 7. The House amendment and Senate bill 
make different references to the Act to be amended. 
LC 8. The House amendment provides for a 
technical edit. 
HR 9. The Senate bill amends subsection (b) to 
be named ‘‘(b) Reservations’’ and to include two paragraphs—‘‘(1) Students in Terri-tories’’ and ‘‘(2) Indian Students’’. 
SR 10. The Senate bill authorizes a 0.1 percent 
reservation for certain outlying areas, which the House amendment provides for in sub-section (c)(2)(A). 
SR 11. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to transfer 1 percent of funds to the Depart-ment of Interior, which the House amend-ment provides for in subsection (c)(2)(B)(i). 
SR 12. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
and the Department to enter an agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.108 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8628 November 30, 2015 
on use and distribution of the transferred 
funds, which the House amendment provides for in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii). 
SR 13. The House amendment strikes the re-
quirement that the Secretary must provide to a State, at a minimum, the amount a State received in 2001 under section 722(c) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Education Assistance Act as one option under ‘‘State Allocations.’’ 
HR 14. The House amendment strikes para-
graph (3) that excludes certain outlying areas from being considered a ‘‘State’’ for purposes of fund allocations. 
HR 15. The Senate bill redesignates paragraph 
(3) as paragraph (4). 
SR 16. The Senate bill renames subsection (c) 
to be titled ‘‘(c) Allotments’’. 
SR 17. The Senate bill makes technical 
changes to subsection (c) ‘‘Allotments’’. 
SR 18. The Senate bill creates a new paragraph 
allowing the Secretary to ratably reduce State allotments under this section if insuf-ficient funds are available, which the House amendment provides for in subsection (c)(1)(B). 
SR 19. The House amendment makes a tech-
nical change to change a reference to ‘‘Grants’’ to ‘‘Grant funds from a grant made to a State’’. 
HR 20. The Senate bill adds ‘‘and youths’’ as it 
relates to the identification of homeless chil-dren. 
HR 21. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar changes to this required use of funds, but the Senate bill changes ‘‘or’’ to ‘‘including.’’ 
HR 22. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘for the Office’’ to clarify what entity the described duties in the subtitle are for. 
LC 23. The House amendment expands grant 
activities to include professional develop-ment opportunities for the homeless liaison and other local educational agency personnel to better identify and respond to the needs of homeless children and youth. 
SR 24. The House amendment removes the 
word ‘‘sums’’ and inserts ‘‘grant funds under this subsection’’ to describe funds made available under the subtitle. The House amendment makes a technical edit to a ref-erence to account for a previous change. 
HR on first sentence. LC on second sen-
tence. 
25. The Senate bill makes a technical edit 
to a reference to account for a previous change. 
SR 26. The House amendment describes when a 
State may use funds available for State ac-tivities—after it distributes subgrants to local educational agencies. 
SR 27. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes a technical change to remove a reference to a section that no longer exists in the amendment. 
SR 28. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical edit to a ref-erence to account for a later change. 
HR 29. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, makes the report on separate schools and local educational agencies an an-nual report as opposed to a one-time report. HR 
30. The House amendment adds a require-
ment in the annual report for the Secretary to review homeless students’ educational progress under the States academic stand-ards for those students who are in separate schools. 
SR 31. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make identical changes in clause (iii). 
LC 
32. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different text to describe modifica-tions to be made to subsection (f). 
LC 33. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include identical language in paragraph (1), except a technical difference in subpara-graph (A) where the Senate bill adds ‘‘which shall be’’ when describing how the number of homeless children will be posted. 
LC 34. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 35. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘reasonably’’ before ‘‘require, a report’’. 
HR 36. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes ‘‘support’’ before services. 
HR 37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths in each State to conduct monitoring of the local educational agencies to ensure compli-ance with various requirements, in addition to providing them technical assistance. 
HR 38. The Senate bill and House amendment 
refer to the local educational agency liaison by differing terms. 
HR 39. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths in each State to provide training for local educational agency personnel and the local educational agency liaison on the definitions of terms related to homelessness throughout the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, and pro-
vide training on the definitions of terms re-lated to homelessness specified in sections 103, 401, and 725 to the liaison’’ after youths 
40. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill offers ad-ditional clarifying language on how the pro-vision relates to unaccompanied youths. 
HR 41. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different text to describe modifica-tions to be made to subsection (g). 
LC 42. The House amendment adds additional 
qualifying language to this paragraph to de-scribe how a State will submit a plan in order to be eligible for funds. 
HR 43. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘challenging’’ in describing State academic standards. 
HR 44. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 45. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 46. The Senate bill includes additional 
school personnel who must be included in programming intended to heighten aware-ness of the specific needs of homeless chil-dren and youths. 
HR with amendment to insert ‘‘other’’ be-
fore ‘‘school leaders’’ 46a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes reference to subpara-graph (J)(ii). 
LC 47. The Senate bill strikes ‘‘runaway and 
homeless youths’’ and inserts ‘‘of homeless children and youths, including such children and youths who are runaway and homeless youths;’’ 
HR 48. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 49. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 50. The Senate bill includes language re-
quiring that homeless children have access to ‘‘the same’’ State and local public pre-school programs as other children in the State and adds qualifying language on how the same access for homeless children will be achieved. The House amendment requires homeless children have ‘‘equal’’ access to public preschool programs as other children. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘equal’’ 51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that States implement policies and practices to ensure that home-less youths and youths separated from public schools receive appropriate credit for full or partial coursework satisfactorily completed while attending a prior school as an example of how homeless youths are accorded equal access to appropriate secondary education and support services. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘services; 
and’’ and insert the following: 
services, including by identifying and re-
moving barriers that prevent youths de-scribed in this clause from receiving appro-priate credit for full or partial coursework satisfactorily completed while attending a prior school, in accordance with State, local and school policies. 
52. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes specific types of Fed-eral, State, or local education programs in which the State must ensure homeless chil-dren are able to participate, if such programs are available at the State or local levels. 
SR with amendment to strike clause (iv) 
and in clause (iii) from ‘‘are able’’ and all that follows and insert the following: 
do not face barriers to accessing academic 
and extra-curricular activities, including magnet school, summer school, career and technical education, advanced placement, online learning opportunities, and charter school programs, if such programs are avail-able at the State and local levels 
Report Language: ‘‘When considering bar-
riers, the Conferees intend for homeless stu-
dents to be afforded the same opportunities to participate in academic and extra-curricular activities as other students, but not for policies to be applied to homeless students who do not meet relevant eligibility criteria for such activities. Academic and ex-tracurricular activities should make every effort to offer opportunities to homeless stu-dents by revising the policies and procedures that create barriers specifically related to the students’ homelessness and not to other factors that may compromise program integ-rity.’’ 
53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to describe pro-cedures to ensure State and local policies and practices are adopted to promote home-less children and youths’ academic success. 
SR 54. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 55. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.108 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8629 November 30, 2015 
56. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes examples to specific barriers to the enrollment and retention of homeless youths. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘State, in-
cluding’’ and all that follows and insert the following: 
‘‘State, including barriers to enrollment 
and retention due to outstanding fees and fines, or absences. 
57. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are similar. 
LC 58. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 
59. In clause (ii), the Senate bill requires 
assurances the homeless liaison will have sufficient training and time to carry out re-quired duties. 
SR with an amendment to add ‘‘able to 
carry out the duties described in paragraph (6)(A)’’ after ‘‘person’’ and strike ‘‘to carry out the duties described in paragraph (6)(A) after ‘‘youths’’ and to add a new (iv) at the end that reads ‘‘(iv) the state and its local edu-cational agencies will adopt policies and practices to ensure participation by liaisons described in clause (ii) in professional devel-opment and other technical assistance activi-ties provided pursuant to paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (f), as determined appro-priate by the Office of the Coordinator.’’ 
60. In clause (iii), the Senate bill adds 
clarifying language that a homeless child’s school of origin may include a preschool. 
SR 61. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 62. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes an additional requirement for the State to describe how homeless youths will receive assistance from coun-selors to improve college readiness. 
SR 63. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical. 
LC 64. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill changes ‘‘or’’ to ‘‘and’’ between sub-clauses (I) and (II) within clause (i). 
HR 65. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 66. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 67. The Senate bill adds ‘‘or (in the case of 
an unaccompanied youth) the youth’’ to clarify to whom the presumption applies when discussing the best interest of an unac-companied youth. 
HR 68. The House amendment adds the words 
‘‘student-centered’’ when discussing the fac-tors related to a child’s best interest. The Senate bill and House amendment contain different language with the same intention as it relates to giving priority to the request of a parent, guardian, or unaccompanied youth. 
HR with an amendment to add ‘‘student- 
centered’’ before ‘‘factors related’’. 
69. The House amendment requires that if 
a local educational agency determines that it is not in the child or youth’s best interest to attend the school of origin, the local edu-cational agency must provide a written ex-planation in a manner and form understand-able to parents, guardians, or an unaccom-panied youth and information regarding the right to appeal the decision. The Senate amendment requires such information to be provided after already sending a child or youth to the new school. SR 
70. In clause (iv), the Senate bill requires 
an unaccompanied youth’s views to be con-sidered and taken into account when deter-mining such youth’s best interest. The House amendment requires such youth’s views to be prioritized. 
SR 71. The Senate bill adds ‘‘immediate’’ to 
the subparagraph title. 
HR 72. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 73. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 74. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘health 
records’’ when describing the relevant health records needed to be obtained for an enroll-ing homeless child or youth and the House amendment refers to ‘‘other required health records’’. 
SR 75. The Senate bill contains clarifying lan-
guage regarding who shall be referred to the homeless liaison in the case of unaccom-panied youths. 
HR 76. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘health 
records’’ in describing records in the sub-paragraph and the House amendment refers to ‘‘other required health records’’. 
SR 77. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, expands the enrollment dis-putes process to apply to disputes over eligi-bility for enrollment. 
SR with an amendment to add 
‘‘eligibility, ’’ after ‘‘over’’ 
78. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language clarifying that enrollment in a public school includes a public preschool. 
SR 79. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 80. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes clarifying language around how the clause applies to unaccompanied youth and that de-cisions related to school selection and en-rollment will require a written explanation be provided to parents, guardians, or an un-accompanied youth. 
HR 81. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are similar. 
SR 82. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 83. The Senate bill includes this as a new 
subparagraph (G). The House amendment in-cludes this in a new subparagraph (I). The Senate exchanges the content of subpara-graphs (G) and (I). 
LC 84. The Senate bill contains language clari-
fying language that information on a home-less student’s living situation should be treated as a student education record, and not directory information, under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act. The House amendment includes similar lan-guage, and clarifies that information will not be released to certain individuals, per specific regulations. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and not 
as directory information’’ and insert ‘‘and shall not be deemed directory information’’ 
85. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 86. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical, except the Senate bill includes this definition as subparagraph (I)(i) and the House amendment includes this as subpara-
graph (G)(i). 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, includ-
ing a preschool’’ before the period at the end. 
87. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill uses dif-ferent language to describe how a receiving school is a school of origin and does not in-clude ‘‘for all feeder schools’’ at the end of the clause. 
SR 88. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes an additional requirement for schools to ensure homeless children and youth are held to the same State academic standards to which other students are held. 
HR 89. The Senate bill and House amendment 
require that homeless children and youth are provided comparable services, including transportation. The Senate bill clarifies that such transportation may include transpor-tation to a preschool. 
SR 90. The Senate bill includes access to char-
ter and magnet school programs as examples of comparable services homeless students must receive. 
SR 91. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 92. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 93. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 93a. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 94. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes transportation and transfer of records as ex-amples of inter-district activities rather than as two separate categories. The Senate bill structures the clause differently than the House amendment. 
SR 95. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 
96. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 
97. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 98. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except the House amendment includes a comma after ‘‘access to’’ and before ‘‘available’’ 
SR 99. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 100. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill does not include a reference to section 504 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973. 
SR 101. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except the House amendment adds outreach activities in clause (i) in addition to coordination activi-ties, which will be used by school personnel to identify homeless children. 
SR 102. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 103. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill includes specific references to other laws where services for homeless youth are also provided to which such youth should have access. 
HR 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.110 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8630 November 30, 2015 
104. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill refers to ‘‘families and homeless children and youths’’ and the House amendment uses ‘‘families, children, and youths’’. 
HR 105. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 106. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 107. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 108. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 109. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 110. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 111. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill adds ‘‘challenging’’ to the description of State academic standards.The House amendment also includes ‘‘and practices’’ after ‘‘poli-cies’’ as it relates to required access to sec-ondary education and support services. 
HR 112. The Senate bill allows unaccompanied 
youths to obtain assistance to receive verification of homelessness for FAFSA eli-gibility. The House amendment requires that unaccompanied youths receive verification as homeless for FAFSA eligibility. 
HR 113. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill adds ‘‘who are in secondary school’’ in describing the homeless youth who must be informed of the duties of the homeless liaison. 
SR 114. The Senate bill and House amendment 
use virtually identical language to describe the annually required list of liaisons on the State website. 
LC 115. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill includes a reference to ‘‘information and data’’ needed to meet a requirement in an-other subsection. The House amendment just refers to ‘‘data’’. 
SR 116. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new subparagraph requir-ing homeless liaisons to participate in pro-fessional development as determined appro-priate by the State coordinator. The House amendment includes no such requirement. 
SR 117. The Senate bill allows homeless liai-
sons or members of the personnel of a local educational agency who receive appropriate training to certify a child who is eligible for McKinney Vento services under this Act, or a parent or family of such a child or youth, as eligible for services under Title IV of McKinney Vento. 
HR with an amendment to strike para-
graph (E) and insert the following: 
(E) H
OMELESS STATUS .—A local educational 
agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii) who receives training described in subsection (f)(6) may affirm without further agency action by the Department of Housing and Urban Development a child or youth who is eligible for and participating in a program provided by the local educational agency, or the immediate family of such a child or youth, who meets the eligibility require-ments of this Act for a program or service authorized under title IV, as eligible for such program or service. 
118. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, removes ‘‘that receives assist-ance under this subtitle’’ to require all 
States to review and revise policies that may act as barriers to the enrollment of homeless children and youths in schools. The Senate bill adds reviewing and revising policies re-lated to identification of homeless children and youths. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘identi-
fication of homeless children and youth or’’ before ‘‘enrollment’’ 
119. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 120. The Senate bill adds language expand-
ing requirements regarding special attention to ensure a focus on identification of home-less children and youth who are not cur-rently attending school. 
HR 121. The House amendment reauthorizes 
subsection (h), which provides for a special rule for emergency assistance for students made homeless due to home foreclosure, through 2019 and updates language for au-thorization levels to reflect this change. The Senate bill strikes subsection (h). 
HR 122. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain different section titles and refer to McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act in different ways. 
HR 123. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except Senate bill adds ‘‘of homeless children and youth’’ after ‘‘identification of’’. 
SR 124. The House amendment strikes clause 
(iii), which requires McKinney-Vento funds to be used to expand or improve services as part of a regular academic program, but not to replace such services. The Senate bill maintains such clause. 
HR 125. The Senate bill includes a technical, 
clarifying edit, and the House amendment includes no such edit. 
HR 126. The House amendment includes a para-
graph limiting the duration of the subgrants that is included in the Senate bill under Sec-tion 723(c)(4). 
LC 127. The Senate bill requires an assurance 
that subgrant applicants will spend not less than 90 percent of the local educational agency’s combined fiscal effort per student or aggregate expenditures of that agency and the State from the previous year. The House amendment eliminates such maintenance of effort provision. 
HR 128. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar provisions, except the Senate bill includes a references to ‘‘information and data requested by the State Coordi-nator’’ and the House amendment only refers to ‘‘data requested by the State coordi-nator’’. 
SR 129. The Senate bill requires that sub-
grantees assure they will meet all local edu-cational agency requirements. The House amendment requires that subgrantees assure they will remove barriers to local edu-cational agency compliance with removing barriers to identifying, enrolling, and retain-ing homeless youth. 
HR 130. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a technical edit to ad-dress a later change in removing authoriza-tion levels. 
HR 131. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes a reference to ‘‘pre-school’’ to ‘‘early childhood education and other preschool programs’’. HR 
132. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 133. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 134. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 135. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 136. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 137. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical. Note clause (iii) of the House amendment amending subparagraph (G) moves to note 140. 
LC 138. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires that when determining the quality of an application, the State edu-cational agency consider how local edu-cational agencies applying for funds will le-verage resources by maximizing nonsubgrant funding for the homeless liaison position and providing transportation. 
SR 139. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are identical, except the reference to section 1113 is different. 
LC 140. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the House amendment strike ‘‘case management or related’’. 
HR 141. The Senate bill includes this descrip-
tion above as a new section 723(b)(7). See 
note 129. 
HR 142. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill adds ‘‘challenging’’ to describe State academic standards. 
HR 143. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 144. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill appears to have a technical drafting error. 
SR 145. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 146. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill refers to ‘‘other health records’’ and the House amendment refers to ‘‘other required health records’’ when describing required transfer-ring records for homeless students. 
SR 147. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘and guardians’’ after ‘‘education and train-ing to the parents’’ and an additional tech-nical clarification in the latter phrase of the paragraph. 
SR 147a. The Senate bill adds an additional 
clarification in the latter sentence of the paragraph. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘of the’’ 
and insert ‘‘of such’’ before ‘‘children’’. 
148. The House amendment and Senate bill 
are identical. 
LC 149. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill uses ‘‘or parental mental health’’ and the House amendment includes ‘‘and paren-tal mental health’’. 
SR 150. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, amends the paragraph to ex-pand the provision of emergency assistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.111 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8631 November 30, 2015 
to ensure that homeless children are able to 
enroll and succeed in school beyond just at-tending school. The Senate bill clarifies that school includes preschool programs. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘and par-
ticipate fully in school activities’’ after ‘‘school’’. 
150a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, clarifies that school includes preschool programs. 
SR 151. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are virtually identical, except in for how they reference the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act. 
LC 152. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes dissemination of the re-quired notice to program grantees. 
HR 153. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, refers to Technical Assistance in the subsection title. 
HR 154. Both the Senate bill and House amend-
ment add technical assistance to the re-quired activities of the Secretary. 
LC 155. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, changes references to ‘‘applica-tions for grants’’ to ‘‘plans for the use of grant funds’’. 
HR 156. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, extends the period of application submission and grant distribution. 
SR 157. The Senate bill and House amendment 
are similar, except the Senate refers to sup-porting areas where documented barriers to education persist. The House amendment does not use the term ‘‘documented.’’ 
HR 158. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to develop, issue, and publish ‘‘guidelines’’, whereas the House amendment requires the Secretary to develop, issue, and publish ‘‘strategies.’’ 
HR 159. The Senate bill contains minor tech-
nical differences to the House amendment in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
LC 160. The Senate bill requires the Secretary 
to collect and disseminate data on homeless students not less than every two years. The House amendment requires the Secretary to collect and disseminate data periodically, but does not specify a time period. 
SR 161. The Senate bill and House amendment 
contain slightly different language ref-erencing how the location of homeless chil-dren must be reported. The Senate bill only requires location reporting in cases in which the child or youth’s location can be identi-fied. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘location’’ 
and insert ‘‘primary nighttime residence’’ 
162. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a technical edit related to a later change. 
SR 163. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a technical edit related to a later change. 
SR 164. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a requirement for the Sec-retary to report on the academic progress of homeless students, including progress on academic assessments, as well as the per-centage or number of homeless students par-ticipating in such assessments, not less than every 2 years. 
SR 165. The Senate bill and House amendment 
reference their respective Act titles. LC 
166. The House amendment provides for 
technical reference edits not included in the Senate bill. 
SR with an amendment to strike paragraph 
1 and in paragraph 2, to strike ‘‘6101’’ and in-sert ‘‘8101’’ 
167. The Senate bill strikes ‘‘awaiting fos-
ter care placement’’ in the definition of ‘‘homeless children and youths’’. 
HR 168. The Senate bill clarifies that the term 
‘‘unaccompanied youth’’ includes a homeless child or youth. 
HR 169. The Senate bill provides for an effec-
tive date of the change to the definition of ‘‘homeless children and youths’’. 
HR 170. The Senate bill defines ‘‘covered state’’ 
for the purposes of the date of enactment for the change to the definition of ‘‘homeless children and youths’’. 
HR 171. The Senate bill authorizes such sums 
for this Act through 2021. The House amend-ment authorizes $65,042,000 for this Act each year through 2019. 
SR to strike ‘‘$65,042,000 for each of fiscal 
years 2016 through 2019’’ and insert ‘‘$85,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
M
ISC. ANDOTHER LAWS 
1. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, amends IDEA to repeal the defini-tion for ‘‘highly qualified’’ as it applies to special education teachers. 
SR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Further amend the Individuals with 
Disabilities Education Act by— 
(A) striking ‘‘highly qualified teacher’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘teachers that meet qualifications as described in sec-tion 612(a)(14)(C)’’; and 
(B) amending section 612(a)(14)— (i) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘school 
is highly qualified by the deadline estab-lished in section 1119(a)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting: school— 
(i) has obtained full State certification as 
a special education teacher (including cer-tification obtained through alternative routes to certification), or passed the State special education teacher licensing examina-tion, and holds a license to teach in the State as a special education teacher, except that any teacher teaching in a public charter school such teacher meets the requirements set forth in the State’s public charter school law; 
(ii) has not had special education certifi-
cation or licensure requirements waived on an emergency, temporary, or provisional basis; and 
(iii) holds at least a bachelor’s degree.’’; 
and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘high-
ly qualified personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘per-sonnel that meet the applicable require-ments described in this paragraph’’; and 
(2) by striking section 302(a) of the Individ-
uals with Disabilities Education Improve-ment Act of 2004 and inserting— 
(a) Parts A, B, and C, and subpart 1 of part 
D of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act, as amended by title I, shall take effect on July 1, 2005.’’. 
Report Language: ‘‘The Conferees intend 
that the requirement for a special educator to hold a bachelor’s degree can be met by a teacher holding any bachelor’s degree. The Conferees do not intend for the Secretary to require special education teachers to receive a bachelor’s degree in any particular subject or field.’’ 2. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes a Sense of Congress on transfers of teachers accused of sexual mis-conduct. 
SR with an amendment to read as follows: 
SEC. 801. FINDINGS; SENSE OF THE CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds as fol-
lows: 
(1) There are significant anecdotal reports 
that some schools and local educational agencies have failed to properly report alle-gations of sexual misconduct by employees, contractors or agents; 
(2) instead of reporting the alleged mis-
conduct to the appropriate authorities such as the police or child welfare services, re-ports suggest that some schools or local edu-cational agencies have kept the information private or entered into confidentiality agree-ments with the employee who agrees to leave his or her employment with the school or local educational agency; and 
(3) this practice can facilitate the exposure 
of other students in other jurisdictions to sexual misconduct. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE CONGRESS .—It is the sense 
of the Congress that— 
(1) confidentiality agreements between 
local educational agencies or schools and child predators should be prohibited; 
(2) local educational agencies or schools 
should not facilitate the transfer of child predators; and 
(3) states should require local educational 
agencies and schools to report any and all in-formation regarding allegations of sexual misconduct to law enforcement and other ap-propriate authorities. 
3. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the Department of Edu-cation OIG contact information to be promi-nently displayed by all grant or subgrant re-cipients; the notification of Department of Education employees of their responsibility to report fraud; and the notification of appli-cants for grants or subgrants of their obliga-tion to be accurate and truthful when apply-ing for grants. 
SR with an amendment to strike and re-
place with the following: 
SEC. 802. PREVENTING IMPROPER USE OF TAX-
PAYER FUNDS. 
To address misuse of taxpayer funds, the 
Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) require that each recipient of a grant or 
subgrant under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) display in a public place the Depart-ment of Education Office of Inspector Gen-eral hotline contact information so any indi-vidual who observes, detects, or suspects im-proper use of taxpayer funds can easily re-port such improper use; 
(2) annually notify employees of the De-
partment of Education of their responsibility to report fraud; and 
(3) require applicants— (A) for grants under such Act—to provide 
an assurance to submit truthful and accu-rate information when applying for grants and responding to monitoring and compli-ance reviews; 
(B) for subgrants under such Act to provide 
a similar assurance to grantees. 
4. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, includes requirements for moni-toring and oversight. 
SR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 8003. Accountability to Taxpayers Through 
Monitoring and Oversight 
To improve monitoring and oversight of 
taxpayer funds authorized to be appropriated under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6 6301 et seq.), and to deter and prohibit waste, fraud, and abuse of such funds, the Secretary of Edu-cation—. . . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.112 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8632 November 30, 2015 
(1) shall notify each recipient of a grant 
under such Act (and, if applicable, require the grantee to inform each subgrantee) of its responsibility to— 
(A) comply with all monitoring require-
ments under the applicable program or pro-grams; and 
(B) monitor properly any subgrantee under 
the applicable program or programs. 
(2) shall review and analyze the results of 
monitoring and compliance reviews— 
(A) to understand trends and identify com-
mon issues; and 
(B) to issue guidance to help grantees ad-
dress these issues before the loss or misuse of taxpayer funding occurs; 
(3) shall publically report the work under-
taken by the Secretary to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse; and 
(4) shall work with the Office of Inspector 
General in the Department of Education as needed to help ensure that employees of such department understand how to monitor grantees properly and to help grantees mon-itor any sub-grantees properly. 
5. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, prohibits states from requiring school districts that use ESEA funds to hire or pay the salary of teachers to use such funds to make contributions to pension sys-tems beyond the normal cost, and defines ‘‘normal cost’’. 
HR 6. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, provides a Sense of Congress on First Amendment rights on the free exercise of religion. 
SR with an amendment to strike the provi-
sion and insert the following: 
[SEC. 805] SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FIRST 
AMENDMENT RIGHTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that a student, 
teacher, school administrator, or other school employee retains their rights under the First Amendment during the school day or while on elementary or secondary school grounds. 
7. Both the Senate bill and the House 
amendment specify the definition of the term ‘Highly Qualified’ in other laws. The Senate bill includes the language in section 10201, while the House amendment includes the language in section 603, and they have different section headings. The languages of the provisions have only minor technical dif-ferences. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike the 
language in both bills and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 9XX. USE OF TERM ‘‘HIGHLY QUALIFIED’’ IN 
OTHER LAWS. BEGINNING ON THE DATE OF THE ENACTMENT OF THIS ACT. 
(a) any reference in sections 420N, 428J, 
428K, and 460 of the Higher Education Act to the term ‘‘highly qualified’’ as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 shall be treated as a reference to such term under section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 as in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(b) any other reference in law to the term 
‘‘highly qualified’’ as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as such Act was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act shall mean that the teacher meets applicable State certification and licensure require-ments, including alternate certification re-quirements 
8. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on Department of Education staff. The Senate bill includes this language as a stand-alone provision in title X of the bill. The House amendment in-cludes the language in the general provisions of the Act. SR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following: 
SEC. 6549. DEPARTMENT STAFF. 
The Secretary shall—1) not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, identify the number of Department employees who worked on or ad-ministered each education program and project authorized under this Act, as such program or project was in effect on the day before such enactment date, and publish such information on the Department’s website; (2) not later than 60 days after such enactment date, identify the number of full- time equivalent employees who work on or administer programs or projects authorized under this Act, as in effect on the day before such enactment date, that have been elimi-nated or consolidated since such date; 3) not later than 1 year after such enactment date, reduce the workforce of the Department by the number of full-time equivalent employ-ees the Department calculated under para-graph (2); and 4) not later than 1 year after such enactment date, report to the Congress on—(A) the number of employees associated with each program or project authorized under this Act administered by the Depart-ment; (B) the number of full-time equivalent employees who were determined to be associ-ated with eliminated or consolidated pro-grams or projects under paragraph (2); (C) how the Secretary reduced the number of employees at the Department under para-graph (3); (D) the average salary of the em-ployees described in subparagraph (B) whose positions were eliminated; and (E) the aver-age salary of the full-time equivalent em-ployees who work on or administer a pro-gram or project authorized under this Act by the Department, disaggregated by employee function with each such program or project. 
9. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different timelines 
See note 8. 10. The House amendment and Senate bill 
refer to the Department, ESEA, and the bill titles differently. 
See note 8. 11. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, refers to a timeline. 
See note 8. 12. The House amendment and Senate bill 
refer to ESEA differently. 
See note 8. 13. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, has a provision on reducing the number of Department employees. 
See note 8. 14. The Senate bill and House amendment 
refer to ESEA differently. 
See note 8. 15. The Senate bill requirement 
disaggregation by employee function in paragraph (2). The House amendment re-quires it in subparagraph (E) 
See note 8. 16. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different paragraph references. 
See note 8. 17. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, requires the report to describe how the Secretary reduced employees. 
See note 8. 18. The House amendment, but not the Sen-
ate bill, has two provisions on average salary of eliminated employees and FTE employees working on ESEA programs. 
See note 8. 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the report to show how the Secretary addressed report findings re-lating to FTE employees working on elimi-nated programs. 
See note 8. 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to pre-pare and submit a report updating relevant 
Committees on continued implementation of OIG recommendations concerning charter schools. 
HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
SEC. 10203. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT ACTIONS 
TO ADDRESS OFFICE OF THE IN-SPECTOR GENERAL REPORTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Edu-cation shall prepare and submit to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and to the public via the Department’s website, a report containing an update on the Department of Education’s implementation of recommendations con-tained in reports from the Office of Inspector General. The review shall include— 
(1) a general review of the department’s 
work to implement or address findings con-tained in OIG reports to improve monitoring and oversight of federal programs, including (A) the March 9, 2010, final management in-formation report of the Office of the Inspec-tor General of the Department of Education, addressing oversight by by local educational agencies and authorized public chartering agencies; 
(B) the September 2012 report of the Office 
of the Inspector General of the Department of Education entitled ‘The Office of Innova-tion and Improvement’s Oversight and Moni-toring of the Charter Schools Program’s Planning and Implementation Grants Final Audit Report’; and 
(2) a description of the actions the Depart-
ment of Education has taken to address the concerns described in outstanding Office of Inspector General audit reports, including the reports listed in (1). 
21. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides for a GAO study of the current federally funded services and pro-grams across all agencies with the purpose of benefitting children and how to best coordi-nate, organize, and integrate these pro-grams. 
SR with an amendment to insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 9204. STUDY ON THE TITLE I FORMULA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Part A of Title I provides funding to 
local educational agencies through four sep-arate formulas that have been added to the law over time, and which have ‘‘distinct allo-cation patterns, providing varying shares of allocated funds to different types of local educational agencies or States,’’ according to a 2015 report from the Congressional Re-search Service. 
(2) Minimal effort has been made by the 
Federal government to determine if the four formulas are adequately delivering funds to local educational agencies with the highest district wide poverty averages. 
(3) The formulas for distributing Targeted 
Grants and Education Finance Incentive grants use two weighting systems, one based on the percentage of children included in the determination of grants to local educational agencies (percentage weighting), and another based on the absolute number of such chil-dren (number weighting). Both weighting systems have five quintiles with a roughly equal number of children in each quintile. Whichever of these weighting systems re-sults in the highest total weighted formula child count for a local educational agency is the weighting system used for that agency in the final allocation of Targeted and Edu-cation Finance Incentive Grant funds. 
(4) The Congressional Research Service has 
also said the number weighting alternative is generally more favorable to large local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.114 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8633 November 30, 2015 
educational agencies with much larger geo-
graphic boundaries and larger counts of eli-gible children than smaller local educational agencies with smaller counts, but poten-tially higher percentages, of eligible chil-dren, because large local educational agen-cies have many more children in the higher weighted quintiles. 
(5) In local educational agencies that are 
classified by the National Center for Edu-cation Statistics as ‘‘Large City’’, 47 percent of all students attend schools with 75 percent or higher poverty. 
(b) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall complete a study on the effec-tiveness of the four existing title I formulas to deliver funds to the most economically disadvantaged communities. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Such study shall include— 
(A) an analysis of the distribution of title 
I funds under the four current formulas; 
(B) an analysis of how title I funds are dis-
tributed among local educational agencies in each of the 12 locale types classified by the National Center on Education Statistics. 
(C) the extent to which the four formulas 
unduly benefit or unduly disadvantage any of the local educational agencies described in subparagraph (B); 
(D) the extent to which the four formulas 
unduly benefit or unduly disadvantage high- poverty eligible school attendance areas in the local educational agencies described in subparagraph (B); 
(E) the extent to which the four formulas 
unduly benefit or unduly disadvantage lower population local educational agencies with relatively high percentages of districtwide poverty; 
(F) the impact of number weighting and 
percentage weighting in the formulas for dis-tributing Targeted Grants and Education Fi-nance Incentive Grants on each of the local educational agencies described in subpara-graph (B); 
(G) The impact of number weighting and 
percentage weighting on targeting Title I–A funds to eligible school attendance areas with the highest concentrations of poverty in local educational agencies described in subparagraph (B), and local educational agencies described in subparagraph (B) with higher percentages of districtwide poverty; 
(H) an analysis of other studies and reports 
produced by public and non-public entities examining the distribution of title I funds under the four current formulas; and 
(I) recommendations, as appropriate, for 
amending or consolidating the existing for-mulas to better target title I funds to the most economically disadvantaged commu-nities and most economically disadvantaged eligible school attendance areas. 
(3) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study conducted under this section— 
(A) in a timely fashion; (B) to— (i) the public; and (ii) the Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and 
(C) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or the De-partment of Education. 
22. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides for a Sense of Congress that it remains the sense of Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, reauthorizes the Educational Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘(2) Title 
VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act. (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.).’’ 
24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, creates the American Dream Accounts program. 
SR 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a provision requiring IES to conduct a study on the impact of state plan requirements in Sec. 1111 on re-ducing the number of students who drop out. 
HR 
26. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a study on Native American language education. 
HR with an amendment to strike and insert 
the following language after SEC. 6005 in the redesignated Title VI: 
(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) I NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(3) N
ATIVE AMERICAN ; NATIVE AMERICAN  
LANGUAGE .—The terms ‘‘Native American’’ 
and ‘‘Native American language’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act of 1990 (25 U.S.C. 2902). 
(4) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘State educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(b) S
TUDY .—By not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall— 
(1) conduct a study to evaluate all levels of 
education being provided primarily through the medium of Native American languages; and 
(2) report on the findings of such study. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the 
study conducted under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consult with— 
(1) institutions of higher education that 
conduct Native American language immer-sion programs, including teachers of such programs; 
(2) State educational agencies and local 
educational agencies; 
(3) Indian tribes and tribal organizations, 
as such terms are defined by section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) that sponsor Native American language immersion schools; and 
(4) experts in the fields of Native American 
or Alaska Native language and Native Amer-ican language medium education, including scholars who are fluent in Native American languages. 
(d) S
COPE OF STUDY .—The study conducted 
under subsection (b) shall evaluate the com-ponents, policies, and practices of successful Native American language immersion schools and programs, including— 
(1) the level of expertise in educational 
pedagogy, Native American language flu-ency, and experience of the principal, teach-ers, paraprofessionals, and other educational staff; 
(2) how such schools and programs are 
using Native American languages to provide instruction in reading, language arts, mathe-matics, science, and, as applicable, other academic subjects; (3) how such schools and programs assess 
the academic proficiency of the students, in-cluding— 
(A) whether the school administers assess-
ments of language arts, mathematics, science, and other academic subjects in the Native American language of instruction; 
(B) whether the school administers assess-
ments of language arts, mathematics, science, and other academic subjects in English; and 
(C) how the standards measured by the as-
sessments in the Native American language of instruction and in English compare; and 
(4) the academic outcomes, graduation 
rate, and other outcomes of students who have completed the highest grade taught pri-marily through such schools or programs, in-cluding, when available, college attendance rates compared with demographically simi-lar students who did not attend a school in which the language of instruction was a Na-tive American language. 
(e) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collabo-ration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall— 
(1) develop a report that includes findings 
and conclusions regarding the study con-ducted under subsection (b), including rec-ommendations for such legislative and ad-ministrative actions as the Secretary of Edu-cation considers to be appropriate; 
(2) consult with the entities described in 
subsection (c) in reviewing such findings and conclusions; and 
(3) submit the report described in para-
graph (1) to each of the following: 
(A) The Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(B) The Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives. 
(C) The Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate. 
(D) The Subcommittee on Indian, Insular 
and Alaska Native Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
J
OHNKLINE, 
VIRGINIA FOXX, 
DAVID P. R OE, 
GLENN THOMPSON , 
BRETT GUTHRIE , 
TODDROKITA , 
LUKEMESSER , 
GLENN GROTHMAN , 
STEVE RUSSELL , 
CARLOS CURBELO , 
ROBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT, 
SUSAN A. D AVIS, 
MARCIA L. F UDGE , 
JARED POLIS, 
FREDERICA S. W ILSON , 
SUZANNE BONAMICI , 
KATHERINE M. C LARK , 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
LAMAR ALEXANDER , 
MICHAEL B. E NZI, 
RICHARD BURR, 
JOHNNY ISAKSON , 
SUSAN M. C OLLINS , 
LISAMURKOWSKI , 
MARKKIRK, 
TIMSCOTT, 
ORRIN HATCH , 
PATROBERTS , 
BILLCASSIDY , 
PATTY MURRAY , 
BARBARA A. M IKULSKI , 
BERNARD SANDERS , 
ROBERT P. C ASEY , JR., 
ALFRANKEN , 
MICHAEL F. B ENNET , 
SHELDON WHITEHOUSE , 
TAMMY BALDWIN , 
CHRISTOPHER MURPHY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.116 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8634 November 30, 2015 
ELIZABETH WARREN , 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
f 
DOMESTIC ENERGY STRATEGY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ZELDIN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
because of the number of Members wishing to participate this evening, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the topic of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
as the House begins to consider and de-bate important energy legislation this week, I want to take just a moment to reflect on the opportunities America has in energy development. 
Our energy landscape has tremen-
dously changed in recent years. Thanks to new innovative technologies, we have gone from a Nation of scarcity to one of energy abundance. Our new and existing natural resources have created jobs, lowered energy costs, and spurred new investments in manufacturing and chemical industries. 
Today the United States has an op-
portunity to take advantage of this era of energy abundance. Congress must first ensure our laws reflect this new energy-abundant era so that we can fully harness our potential as the world’s dominant energy superpower. The legislation we are considering this week will allow our country to do just that. 
Unfortunately, the rules and regula-
tions coming out of this administra-tion conflict with this type of energy- independent and secure vision. Most concerning is the Office of Surface Mining’s proposed rule to further regu-late the coal mining industry, which has already lost more than 40,000 jobs since 2011. If the administration allows this rule to go into effect, an addi-tional 40,000 to 78,000 coal mining jobs will be at risk. 
Dubbed the stream protection rule, 
this regulation will amend or modify 475 existing rules and add new rules on top of that. Make no mistake about it. This is not an effort to protect streams. It is an effort to regulate the coal mining industry out of business. In fact, between 95 and 100 percent of coal operations occurring in the States that account for almost 75 percent of the Nation’s coal production have no offsite impacts. 
So what does this rule accomplish? 
This rule means increased energy costs for families and small businesses. At least 22 States, including mine, Ohio, rely on coal for their primary fuel source. Not surprisingly, these States’ 
electricity prices are well below the national average. I fear, however, that will no longer be the case if we allow this rule to go into effect. 
Consequently, companies will be 
forced to pay more for their energy bills instead of hiring additional em-ployees. Families will be forced to make tougher decisions as well, like paying the increasing electric bill or putting food on the table, clothes on the kids, and providing for their edu-cation. 
Furthermore, U.S. household income 
is stagnant and the economy remains mired by sluggish economic growth. We need to be enacting policies that en-courage an economic recovery, not pro-moting further stagnation by shutting down access to America’s most abun-dant and lowest cost energy resource. What is worse, this is not the only reg-ulation currently threatening our en-ergy security, reliability, and low elec-tricity costs. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy’s Clean Power Plan will also change how we generate, distribute, and con-sume electricity by forcing States to comply with CO
2targets through a 
Federal takeover of electric power gen-eration. 
It is for this reason I will be voting in 
favor of S.J. Res. 23 and 24 this week. These resolutions of disapproval send a clear message to the President that a majority of the Senate, the House, and America do not approve of higher elec-tricity prices and an unreliable electric grid. 
Mr. Speaker, America was built on 
ingenuity and resourcefulness. Unlike the stream protection rule and the Clean Power Plan, H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act, will encourage that en-trepreneurial spirit, not hinder it. 
It will pave the way for a resurgence 
of manufacturing where new innova-tive products are designed and built right here in America, and it will keep America in our rightful place as a lead-er in the global economy. 
I am proud to support this legisla-
tion, which the House will be consid-ering this week. H.R. 8 will modernize our energy infrastructure, protect the electricity grid and the delivery sys-tem, improve energy efficiency, and strengthen our energy diplomacy. 
Based on language that I have intro-
duced and that previously passed the House with bipartisan support, this legislation includes a streamlined proc-ess for natural gas export projects cur-rently pending before the Department of Energy. 
This language will help strengthen 
America’s standing as a world-class ex-porter of natural gas, create tens of thousands of new jobs, add billions to our economy, and help our allies abroad by providing a reliable source of energy. 
I am honored to lead this Special 
Order that will highlight the House’s approach to a truly all-of-the-above do-mestic energy strategy, a strategy that 
focuses on a secure and reliable energy sector with affordable electricity rates for hardworking taxpayers as well as small businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from the great State of Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ). 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my friend from Ohio for the oppor-tunity to be able to provide some re-marks this evening. 
It is no secret that American coal 
production and coal-fired electric gen-eration is experiencing regulatory and legal obstacles at every turn. In 2008, the President famously outlined an en-ergy vision in which he stated, ‘‘So if someone wants to build a coal-fired power plant, they can. It is just that it will bankrupt them.’’ There is no ambi-guity in that statement. The adminis-tration is certainly not seeking to en-courage coal production. Indeed, it is just the opposite. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy just finalized its so-called Clean Power Plan, a carbon emissions rule that will force States to submit com-plex plans to meet federally mandated emission goals. The EPA estimates the annual cost of this rule to be anywhere from $5.5 billion to $8.8 billion annu-ally, but other credible estimates are much higher, ranging from $366 billion to $479 billion from 2017 to 2031. 
Now, why is this important? Often-
times, when we are talking about fees about taxes that are going to be ap-plied, we assume that someone else gets to pay them. Here is the real re-ality: These costs are being shouldered by hardworking Americans who will see their energy bills increase. 
They impact the most vulnerable 
people in our society, including senior citizens on fixed incomes and low-in-come families who will have to make tough decisions in their already tight household budgets just to be able to heat their homes. 
In my own district in rural western 
Colorado, upwards of 500 coal mining jobs in Delta County, with wages and benefits exceeding 66 million, have al-ready been lost and more are threat-ened due to anticoal lawsuits. Another 220 are threatened in Moffat and Rio Blanco Counties for the same reason. There is no shortage of examples such as these in the coal-producing States. 
Now, I think we need to be very 
clear. As Americans, people in Colo-rado, we want to be able to see blue skies and clear streams. Here is the op-portunity for us to be able to dem-onstrate that we can create a win-win with the technologies in place. 
If you want to be able to see blue 
skies and a coal-fired power plant, come with me to Moffat County, visit Craig, Colorado, to be able to see hard-working people in the coal mining in-dustry and a coal-fired power plant being able to do it the right way and being able to provide affordable elec-tricity for the citizens at home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.117 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8635 November 30, 2015 
The Department of the Interior has 
also laughably announced it will be re-viewing whether the public is receiving a fair return on coal production when it is in the Federal Government’s own policies and the actions of its lawsuit- happy allies that are actively sup-pressing the production of coal and its associated revenues. 
b2045 
Proposing to raise the royalty rate, 
which cuts into the profitability of coal production and makes it less at-tractive to mine, while simultaneously pushing other policies like the Clean Power Plan that make coal less attrac-tive as a power source will mean the death of the industry. 
These are the same industries that 
are providing tax revenues that help support our children’s schools, help support the public library in rural areas like mine to be able to help pro-vide the revenues that are needed for the volunteer fire departments to be able to provide that public assistance. 
Let us not forget that those royalties 
are only a portion of the revenues and benefits that are generated by respon-sible coal mining. There are bonus pay-ments as well, received at the time of the lease, as companies seek to outbid one another for the development rights. Again, higher demand will re-sult in higher bonus payments. There are annual rental fees as well. 
State and local governments also ac-
crue revenues through their own as-sessed taxes and fees on equipment and production, and the high wages of em-ployees are definitely a boon to local economies. 
All told, coal production contributes 
some $2.8 billion to Colorado’s economy and provides 64 percent of its elec-tricity. While it is true that our energy portfolio is made stronger through di-versity, coal can, does, and must con-tinue to fill a vital role in that equa-tion. 
Responsible coal production provides 
a reliable fuel for baseload electrical generation. Its low cost equates to sav-ings for average Americans on their monthly energy bills, an especially critical consideration, as I mentioned, for lower income families, for seniors and others on fixed incomes, and its abundance domestically contributes toward American energy security. 
It is well worth the meetings that I 
have had, and I know my colleague from Ohio has as well, looking into the eyes of families that rely on the coal industry to be able to provide for their families. They will do it right. They will provide low-cost energy to be able to support this country and that all-of- the-above strategy. 
Over the course of the next few days, 
I look forward to a robust debate on the floor this week as we continue to push for policies that will secure all of the above when it comes to estab-lishing American energy independence. 
Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to 
thank my colleague from Ohio for this opportunity to be able to address an 
important American issue: jobs and af-fordability. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
I am reminded that even this week our President is in Europe trying to ad-vance his climate change agenda. I, too, was in Europe back in May, talk-ing to some of our key friends and al-lies within the European Union. 
Surprisingly to some, we learned 
that some of our friends in Europe, in those countries, are actually going back to a higher mix of coal in their overall energy profile because their ratepayers, their manufacturers, their consumers, their small businesses, their residential customers have fi-nally reached the tipping point where they are no longer willing to pay the exorbitant high prices for alternative sources of energy. 
Coal remains the most low-cost, af-
fordable, reliable form of energy on the planet. It is essential that coal con-tinue to be a part of our energy profile, along with oil and gas and nuclear and all of the energy capabilities that America has. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from the great State of Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), my friend and my neigh-
bor. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to pursue an en-ergy agenda that maybe makes sense for America, a AAA strategy of energy, to reach self-sustainability and secure America’s economic future. 
While we all agree on an all-of-the- 
above strategy, let’s not turn away from an all-below strategy that makes sense for America, is truly unique, and makes us totally energy self-suffi-cient—energy below that is abundant, accessible, and affordable; centuries’ worth of coal, oil, and natural gas that lie just below our surface; energy that makes America the energy envy of the world. 
It creates thousands of jobs, not just 
Republican jobs or Democrat jobs, but red, white, and blue jobs—jobs that truly make us energy self-sufficient, jobs that let us rebuild our families, our towns, our churches, our schools, and make us strong again in the world, rebuild our national security. 
As we speak here tonight and as the 
gentleman just referenced, our Presi-dent is in Paris kicking off the Paris Protocol. Again, he promises to re-shape America’s future through upsidedown policies, the cost of which will be beyond astronomical, according to Bill Gates. 
This is another example of an out-of- 
control Executive who has placed his legacy above the wants and needs and the safety and security of the Amer-ican people, the people he serves. It is not the other way around. The Paris Protocol must be a treaty; it cannot be another executive agreement. 
Let all those who participate in the 
Paris Protocol know that, without the advice and consent of America’s Sen-ate, the hardworking American tax-payers’ moneys will not be squandered 
on an ill-fated agenda that the Presi-dent lays forward. 
He sets timetables and targets—tar-
gets that are in direct defiance of America’s future, that are in direct de-fiance of America’s wellbeing, that are in direct defiance of America’s eco-nomic recovery. 
This is another example of a Presi-
dent who is not only out of touch, he is out of control. He has lost his vision of what made America great and what would keep America strong as the fu-ture goes on, about American jobs and about American self-sufficiency when it comes to energy. 
These are truly renewable sources of 
energy. What do I mean by ‘‘renew-able’’? They renew our economy. They renew our towns, our communities, our families, and our future. This is the re-newable energy that America needs. 
This is the energy that America has, and this is the energy that America needs to make the most of. 
That is why myself and Senator M
IKE 
LEEhave introduced a concurrent reso-
lution, one that says no moneys that come out of the pockets of hard-working American taxpayers will be squandered on this agenda. Unless it comes with the advice and consent of the Senate, there is no agreement, 
there are no moneys, there is no way this President can promise other coun-tries that these dollars will be coming. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
for holding this Special Order on a very timely issue and an issue that we must win if we are to maintain our national security. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank my colleague very much for his passion on this issue. He understands it. As a current businessowner, he un-derstands how important this is. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. You and 
I don’t just talk this; we walk it. We have actually gone into the mines with these people. You and I have seen com-munities that have been shut down, not just mines that have been shut down— communities that have been shut down, families that have been shat-tered now and scattered across the country, people that have lost jobs that were generational jobs. 
This President has turned his back 
on coal, America’s workhorse. We must reclaim it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Absolutely. 
Absolutely. 
You hear some of those in opposition 
to using fossil fuels talking about how they would allocate taxpayer funds to retrain people in those communities like coal production communities. Well, my question is, where are the jobs going to come from to retrain them into? 
These are communities that have had 
coal miners for generations, as Rep-resentative K
ELLY just talked about. I 
thank him for his comments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.057 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8636 November 30, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-
tleman from the great State of Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), another 
friend and neighbor. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a real honor to join my good friend and colleague from Ohio here this evening. I thank him for hosting this Special Order on such an important topic: energy. 
I rise this evening in strong support 
of jobs, consumers, and homegrown American energy. 
With the construction of the world’s 
first commercial oil well in Titusville, Pennsylvania, in 1859, energy produc-tion and natural resources have long been key pieces to our economy in the Fifth Congressional District of Penn-sylvania, which I have the honor of representing. 
Since Drake’s well, we have been for-
tunate to produce oil, natural gas, coal, and various forms of renewable energy. We are also home to the world’s first nondefense nuclear reac-tor. 
In recent years, development of the 
Marcellus shale formation has been a game changer for Pennsylvania. The Marcellus formation contains upward of 500 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. This amount is more than enough to meet the current demand for nearly 100 years, if not longer. 
It also means significant economic 
opportunities for the State and for local governments, as well as the cre-ation of tens of thousands of family- sustaining jobs throughout the region. According to the Pennsylvania Depart-ment of Labor and Industry, as of the fall of 2014, roughly 250,000 Pennsylva-nians were employed by Marcellus shale-related industries. 
The average wage in core Marcellus 
industries remains constant at $94,000 a year, which is more than $43,000 greater than the average salary for all indus-tries throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
In short, developing this resource 
means good jobs, both direct and indi-rect; lower energy prices for American consumers; and increased revenue for State and local governments. 
One of the greatest challenges we 
have right now in Pennsylvania is un-necessary processes and arduous Fed-eral roles—regulations that are both ineffective and inefficient. 
Another key challenge is moving this 
natural gas to market. Specifically, we do not have the adequate infrastruc-ture and pipelines to move this gas. A basic way we can address this chal-lenge is by streamlining processes and reducing unnecessary red tape. 
This week, the House will consider 
H.R. 8, the North American Energy Se-curity and Infrastructure Act of 2015. This legislation will address these issues by accelerating the approval process for pipelines and hydropower projects. 
The bill requires the administration 
to designate at least 10 new energy cor-ridors in the eastern United States to help prioritize construction. The bill 
also requires the Energy Department to make decisions on applications that have been submitted for the export of natural gas. 
In addition, we will also be voting 
this week on legislation disapproving the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s regulations on both existing and new power plants. 
My district has been hit hard over 
the past several years by regulations by the Environmental Protection Agency regarding coal power plants. I have opposed these unrealistic regula-tions. 
When a coal power plant is forced to 
shut down, it has a devastating effect which extends far beyond the men and women who are left jobless, to the trucking and mining jobs that are con-nected to it. Many of these are family- supporting positions which commu-nities have depended on for decades. 
I wholeheartedly support these reso-
lutions disapproving of the emissions rules on existing and new power plants. The protection of our environment is an important goal, yet these regula-tions are not a solution. 
I thank my colleagues for being here 
tonight. I am certainly going to urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on all three of the bills that will be before this body in the days to come. 
I thank my good friend from Ohio 
once again for hosting this important topic this evening. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I, too, thank 
my colleague from Pennsylvania for those eloquent remarks on a very, very important subject. I know he has a lot of other things he could be doing to-night, but this is important to him, and I appreciate him being here to sound off. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Will the gentleman yield? 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Whether we are talking families or businesses or schools, hospitals, you know, personnel, people obviously are first, but, after that, the second most important thing that people think about is energy and energy costs and having access to affordable and reliable energy. 
God has been good to the United 
States of America with what we have been blessed with. We have been blessed with these energy sources, but we have also been blessed with the technology now in 2015 to be able to ac-cess those energy sources and to utilize them consistently as good stewards of this Earth and this environment. 
b2100 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. You and I 
took a trip not too long ago from here in our Nation’s Capital to a conference meeting in Pennsylvania. We stopped at a little service station, a gas station owned by a veteran out in the middle of nowhere. In rural America, those communities are powered by small businesses. Small businesses can only 
thrive when they have affordable elec-tricity. 
The area of the country where you 
and I live and much of Appalachia is a manufacturing belt, but a lot of that manufacturing has left because of the downward pressure from Washington, D.C., in regulations of all shapes and sizes, and now with a threat to shut down the very source of energy. 
I know I have had manufacturers 
that have come to me saying they have been approached by utility companies saying: Can you idle your plant for a day because we don’t have enough en-ergy on the grid to be able to meet the peak demand in the dead of winter, in another polar vortex, or in the stifling heat of summer, when seniors and the elderly and the homebound are sitting in their homes either freezing or burn-ing up because they can’t get their HVAC systems to work because of the utility prices or the energy on the grid. 
It is appalling that it has come to 
this in America. Our allies get it in Eu-rope. China is not necessarily an ally, but it is building a new coal-fired power plant every 9 days. Germany is 
building coal-fired power plants. Bel-gium is returning to a higher mix of coal in their energy profile. We are going to be going over there again very soon to talk to more of our friends and allies across Europe about this very, very same subject. 
So, again, I appreciate your passion 
on this issue as well. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentleman. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I now yield to 
the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ), my friend and colleague, who 
is another neighbor from across the river. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. I 
thank the gentleman from Ohio. 
Our natural resources power this Na-
tion and our economy. We have abun-dant, affordable resources that provide low-cost energy and give thousands of people good-paying jobs. 
In my district of southern West Vir-
ginia, coal is struggling because of this administration’s anticoal regulations. The people who mine coal and the fam-ilies who depend on coal’s paychecks are suffering. 
We are at a critical point in the war 
on coal. I know times are tough. I see it every time I talk to a coal miner or their family. 
Our Nation is at a turning point. We 
will fight for coal each and every day. But the question is: Will we support jobs in domestic energy, or will we favor an environmental agenda at the expense of our economy and our com-munities? 
Coal must play a critical role in an 
all-of-the-above domestic energy strat-egy. We can use our resources to create jobs here at home, provide safe and af-fordable energy for businesses and fam-ilies alike, and reduce our dependence on energy from unfriendly nations. 
Unfortunately, it appears that the 
EPA and the Office of Surface Mining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.059 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8637 November 30, 2015 
are dead set on bankrupting coal. They 
have issued rule after rule that will decimate our industry—and the liveli-hoods of our coal miners. 
The proposed stream buffer zone rule 
will lead to the loss of tens of thou-sands of direct mining jobs and hun-dreds of thousands of jobs linked to mining. Likewise, the EPA’s finalized regulations on coal-fired power plants will hurt our economy and drive up electricity rates for our families, sen-iors, and small businesses. It sets unachievable emissions limits for our coal-fired power plants and forces States to adopt different energy poli-cies or else become subject to addi-tional Federal regulations and a cap- and-trade program. 
Not only will the EPA’s plan destroy 
jobs, but it will increase utility costs for consumers and lead to higher household electricity bills for all American families. Our seniors, the middle class, and Americans on fixed incomes should not have to bear the burden of increased costs. Our economy is still struggling to recover. People are struggling to survive. 
Each of us here tonight has led the 
fight against the EPA’s overregulation and overreach. On the House Appro-priations Committee, I helped to se-cure a provision in the Interior-EPA funding bill that would prohibit fund-ing for the rulemaking on power plants to proceed. I was an early cosponsor of Chairman W
HITFIELD ’s resolutions to 
block implementation of the EPA’s coal-fired power plant rule. 
This week, we will join together with 
the House to send President Obama and the EPA a strong message: No more at-tacks on coal. No more attacks on do-mestic energy. No more attacks on the people who produce energy. 
We will take up resolutions to dis-
approve of the EPA’s new regulations on new and existing coal-fired power plants. We will also vote on a broad en-ergy bill that will update our policies to allow America to take advantage of all of our domestic energy while strengthening our energy security and independence. 
Congress is standing up to this ad-
ministration’s regulatory overreach. We must send a message to President Obama and his runaway EPA and end the war on coal. 
Again, I thank the gentleman from 
Ohio for his leadership. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I thank the 
gentleman for his passion—as others have shared—on this very, very impor-tant issue. 
You and I live in a region of the 
country where we have to look into the eyes of those coal miners every single day. Oftentimes, the media talks about the coal industry as this abstract in-dustry, that it doesn’t really have an identity. But it does. It is the heart-beat of our country. 
Look at where we were even 10 years 
ago, with the majority of the energy across America provided by the coal in-dustry. In Ohio, at that time, in excess of 70 percent of our energy came from 
coal. Coal has provided the innovative engine for America’s prosperity for generations—and for us to turn our backs on it. 
One of the things that is so shocking 
that I think the American people would like to know more about right now, today, almost $2 trillion—$1.8 tril-lion, to be exact—comes out of our economy every year in the form of gov-ernment regulations. I heard a report not too long ago that new Federal reg-ulations are coming out on the average of about 10 per day. It is a cancer that is growing, and the EPA is one of the worst, with no rhyme, no reason, little consideration, and total disregard for the lives that their rulemaking im-pacts. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Will 
the gentleman yield? 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Absolutely. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. You 
and I share the Ohio River. We both have actually been in the districts to-gether. We both have seen on the faces of the people that we have the honor of representing the real impacts of this war on coal. 
I know each of us can come with a 
multitude of stories, but your remarks reminded me of attending one of these wonderful county fairs last summer. It was a year ago this summer, in Nich-olas County, in my district. A middle school teacher came up to me and kind of put a face, again, on the war on coal, and said: ‘‘I remember earlier this year in our public school in Nicholas County when the principal came on to the intercom and said, ’If there are any kids whose parent lost their job this morning in the announced coal layoffs, come on down to the office and sign up for the free lunch program.’’’ 
What a stunning indictment of 
Obama’s war on coal, to think that we have principals in our public school systems come and ask kids to come down because those rules and regula-tions just put them into the free lunch program. It is a stunningly tragic ex-ample of the impacts of this war on coal. 
Again, thank you for your leadership 
and your fight on this. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I thank the 
gentleman. 
I now yield to another colleague and 
neighbor from the great State of West Virginia, Representative A
LEX MOON-
EY. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. I 
thank Congressman B ILLJOHNSON for 
inviting me to speak this evening. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is it. This 
is one of the last chances to save the coal industry in my State of West Vir-ginia. There is no time to hesitate. We have to act now. That is why I am proud to have introduced my bill, H.R. 1644, the STREAM Act. 
In the 8 years since President Obama 
took office, our unemployment rate in West Virginia went from the fifth low-est to the highest unemployment rate in the country. This is a direct result of the Obama administration’s contin-
ued war on coal, which is a war on West Virginia’s economy. 
Three months ago, the Office of Sur-
face Mining, under the Department of the Interior, released its latest set of regulations that will cripple the coal industry not only across the country, but especially in West Virginia. 
Understand that the EPA, or the En-
vironmental Protection Agency, al-ready overregulates the coal industry. And now the Department of Interior, under this President, is doubling down and doubly overregulating the coal in-dustry. 
Even more ridiculous is the heart of 
this rulemaking, which is to fundamen-tally change the definition of a stream to include temporary puddles of water. Temporary ‘‘streams’’ are essentially ditches that fill with water after it rains. 
A recent study from the National 
Mining Association estimates that these new proposed rules will kill as many as 77,000 coal jobs across the country. 
I have a chart here showing where 
many of these jobs are going to come from. Between 5,000 and over 10,000 jobs in Western mining States will be lost here in this pink region. In the interior of America, the interior States, be-tween 5,000 and 14,000 jobs will be lost. 
My colleague from West Virginia was 
just mentioning how that affects fami-lies and how you have to make an-nouncements at schools to come and support the children because of these totally unnecessary losses of jobs through these regulations. 
And certainly last but not least, in 
the area that I represent, West Vir-ginia and the Appalachian region, we have between 30,000 and a little over 50,000 coal mining jobs that will be lost due to this new stream protection rule that the President is trying to impose. 
These new regulations would be cata-
strophic to the coal industry and all of the hardworking American families that depend on coal to keep their en-ergy costs low. In my State, 90 percent of the power is generated by coal-fired plants. If these rules come into effect, it will make it even more expensive just to keep the lights on. 
According to a recent study, if the 
Obama administration successfully im-plements its radical environmental policies, the average American family will experience an increase in their home energy costs per year of $1,707 by the year 2025. 
So, if you are listening to this: $1,707. 
This affects you and your home energy cost. Not only does it kill jobs in the coal industry, it will affect your home energy costs to the tune of $1,707 a year. 
b2115 
This is what we are trying to fight 
here. 
The average American family earned 
$53,657 last year. The average family in West Virginia earned $41,059 last year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.060 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8638 November 30, 2015 
which is $12,598 under the national av-
erage. So this home energy cost in-crease will be detrimental for all Americans, but especially for West Vir-ginians. 
Going into these long winter months, 
increased energy costs will be dev-astating to those on fixed incomes, like the elderly and the impoverished. 
According to the Applied Public Pol-
icy Research Institute for Study and Evaluation, energy costs are adversely impacting lower income seniors af-flicted by health conditions. This leads them to forgo food for a day, leads them to reduce medical or dental care, fail to pay utility bills or become ill because their home was too cold. 
This does not have to be the case. If 
we utilized the energy that our country is so blessed with, people would not have to make these tough choices. In-stead, we see these hard choices be-come commonplace under the over-reg-ulation of this administration. 
When I traveled the State of West 
Virginia asking to represent the people of the Second Congressional District in Congress, I promised that I would de-fend the coal industry. West Virginia and our country needs the STREAM Act to pass the House and Senate and be signed into law. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I thank the 
gentleman for his comments and for his passion. 
We have been fighting this Office of 
Surface Mining and Reclamation Stream Protection Rule for almost 5 years now—actually, longer than that—because we know what happened 
when the Obama administration came in. 
That was one of the first things that 
they set their targets on and, through a series of exposing their flaws and in-consistencies in their rulemaking, we were able to stop it. But they have been persistent. 
Now we need the American people to 
sound off, and we need the American people to understand how this is going to affect them. 
I thank the gentleman for his com-
ments. 
One thing, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
make sure we assert is, you know, we have heard a lot of passionate talk about the coal industry, and you may hear even more before this Special Order is over this evening. 
But I want to make sure we under-
stand we are talking about modern-izing America’s energy infrastructure. H.R. 8 is called the Architecture of Abundance. Yes, it is about coal, but it is about much more than just coal. It is about modernizing our energy infra-structure, protecting the electricity system, strengthening energy security and diplomacy across the globe, and improving energy efficiency and, im-portantly, holding the Federal Govern-ment accountable for a real all-of-the- above energy policy that guarantees America’s energy, security, and inde-pendence. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from the great State of Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), our majority whip, my 
Boudin-loving colleague. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my friend from Ohio, who also loves Boudin, for yielding and for bringing up this important issue of en-ergy. 
Mr. Speaker, American energy means 
jobs. When we come here on this House floor and talk about ways to get our economy moving again, ways to help Americans who want to get back to work, there is a very clear-cut, com-monsense answer to get our economy moving again, and that is just to open up more of the resources of this great Nation. 
Just on the placard right there above 
us, Mr. Speaker, inscribed on the walls of this House Chamber is a plaque that starts off, that says, ‘‘Let us develop the resources of our land.’’ It is on the House Chamber. 
And, yet, President Obama, through 
his policies, through his radical regula-tions—every single day his unelected bureaucrats wake up figuring out more ways to close off those resources, to kill those American jobs. 
When my colleagues come here on 
the House floor and tell story after story about things like the war on coal, these are real wars that this Obama administration is waging upon American workers. 
The war on coal is real. I have seen it 
in the eyes of coal workers when I went to my colleague’s district in Ohio. We sat out before a whole room full of coal workers, many of them multi-genera-tional. These aren’t people who have their first job in the industry. For many of them, their father, their grandfather, worked in the coal indus-try. 
When you look out at coal workers 
today, as I saw in Eastern Ohio, you see the look of fear, not because they face global competition. They can beat global competition. What they can’t 
beat right now is the barrage of radical regulations coming from the Obama administration killing American jobs. 
It has got a real direct impact on 
workers across this country, people who are part of the middle class today that the President loves talking about. Yet, that middle class dream is under attack by these policies. 
They have real impacts, Mr. Speaker. 
In fact, one of the other things I went out and saw when I was out in Eastern Ohio, was the Utica shale play, another example of great American ingenuity. 
These aren’t just American jobs. This 
is American ingenuity that is figuring out how to explore new areas of energy, to allow us not only to create good jobs in America, but to be completely en-ergy independent, to export our energy to other countries, including some of our friends in the world, our allies around the world right now that have to get energy from countries like Rus-sia, who use energy as a weapon against those very countries who would love to get energy from America. 
What is the President’s answer to 
them? The President’s answer is to make it more difficult to create that 
energy here through rules, through regulations. 
What are some real examples? Just 
this week, Mr. Speaker, the President is in Paris not to talk about ways to combat ISIS and the global threat of terrorism. 
The President is over in Paris talk-
ing about global warming. As people are walking around this town in parkas right now because it is so cold, the President is trying to focus on ways to make our economy in America less competitive globally. 
So this week we are bringing up more 
legislation to push back on those kind of regulations. One example is later this week, under the Congressional Re-view Act, we are going to be bringing up legislation to reverse President Obama’s new source performance standard. 
This was one of the many radical 
rules coming out of the EPA. One of the biggest threats to jobs in America is the unelected bureaucrats over the EPA who have another brilliant idea, again, dreamed up by people that are unelected, that now have a plan to ac-tually make it more difficult to create electricity in America, not only more difficult, Mr. Speaker, but dramati-cally more expensive for hardworking taxpayers in this country to buy elec-tricity. So we are going to bring up a bill on the House floor this week to re-verse that radical regulation. 
As we bring that up, we are going to 
have this debate about something very specific in terms of a policy brought up by the President that is going to make it much harder for our country to be competitive, much harder for middle class families to achieve that Amer-ican Dream, because it is going to make things more expensive for them, 
things that they buy, not just their electricity, but it cascades into all the other things that people buy when they go to grocery stores, when they go do their Christmas shopping. These are having real impacts on real people. 
Something else we are going to be 
taking on is the Department of the In-terior right now, one of the other agen-cies of President Obama, coming out with a well control rule that is going to make it very difficult to drill for oil in the Gulf of Mexico, a place where we, through American ingenuity, have figured out ways to generate more en-ergy in America that we can use not only to help our economy, but to help our friends all around the world. 
So what is the President’s answer? 
Using unelected bureaucrats, once again, to propose a rule that is going to make it more difficult to create those American jobs. 
Then, of course, as my colleague 
from Ohio was talking about, this week we are also going to bring up a bill called the Architecture of Abundance, a bill to create more American jobs, to create real American energy security, again, to open up those natural re-sources that are being shut down by this President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.062 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8639 November 30, 2015 
So when you talk about getting the 
economy back on track, you don’t need a team of economists to come in and figure out some new way to invent the wheel. 
Mr. Speaker, the answer is sitting 
right underneath our feet. In many cases, it is the energy that is trapped, not trapped by the lack of ingenuity, because Americans, more than anybody in the world, have figured out great ways to go and use technology, to go and get those resources, attract those resources, explore and then produce those resources. 
But, unfortunately, their biggest 
challenge every day is not the competi-tion from other States, not the com-petition from other companies. It is the challenge of the threatening regu-lations from this Obama administra-tion that are trying to shut those op-portunities down. It has real impacts on real people, the coal industry, the oil industry, the natural gas industry, all across the board. 
When our allies around the world are 
looking to us and saying, ‘‘We want to trade with the United States,’’ we want to be able to buy the oil that America is generating, that we have now a sur-plus of and, yet, the President wants to issue a veto threat when we say let’s allow for exporting of oil, for goodness sake. 
We have an abundance of it. People 
are getting laid off in the United States, those middle class workers that the President loves talking about at photo-ops, who are being laid off be-cause of his policies. 
We have got the technology. We have 
got the expertise. We are the world leader, Mr. Speaker. All we need is for the right policies to unleash that po-tential, to unleash that opportunity, to create those American jobs. 
So as we have been talking about to-
night, the House will actually be tak-ing action—not sitting on the sidelines, not just criticizing, but taking action— bringing bills on the House floor this week to open up those opportunities for hardworking taxpayers, to create more middle class opportunities for people who want to be a part of this in-dustry, but also to lower costs for these middle class families who are strug-gling under these tough economic times to be able to have more opportu-nities for themselves and their fami-lies. 
Hopefully, we will continue this de-
bate throughout this week and throughout the rest of this Congress as we bring these good pieces of legisla-tion to open up those resources again, as the placard says at the top of the House Chamber here, to develop the re-sources of this land so that America can be the world leader in energy. 
So we don’t have to get our energy 
from countries who don’t like us, but we can actually export and create more job opportunities and help our allies around the world by undermining coun-tries like Iran and Russia and others 
who want to do them harm. 
I look forward to continuing this de-
bate. I am so proud to be a part of this effort in the House to create more en-ergy opportunities in America. 
I thank my colleague from Ohio for 
leading in this effort. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Our whip comes from a State that 
has a very rich heritage, a rich legacy of energy production, both onshore and offshore. And so you have lived it. The people that you represent live it every day. I thank you for your passion on this issue as well. 
Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how 
much time I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 9 minutes remaining. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
seeing as there are no further Members to speak this evening, I will summa-rize. 
I mentioned earlier that coal-fired 
power had provided the energy for America’s innovative engine for gen-erations. We have now got new energy resources that have become available to us. 
I can remember—and I am sure many 
Members can—where they were the day that Neil Armstrong stepped foot out on the Moon. I am reminded of the ex-citement and the energy that we felt, the enthusiasm, the pride that we felt, when President John F. Kennedy an-nounced that we were going to put a man on the Moon within the next dec-ade. 
b2130 
That was in 1960, I believe, when he 
made that statement. It didn’t take us until the end of the decade. We did it in 1969. 
Mr. Speaker, look what happened as 
a result of that. Every institution in America—academia, the medical indus-try, and the scientific community—ev-eryone got behind the Moon race. 
We have got a stagnant economy 
struggling to get its feet underneath us in light of the staggering pressure from Federal regulations from the likes of the EPA, the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, the In-terior, and so forth. Imagine what would happen if we had an all-of-the- above energy policy that sounded something like this: starting today, we are going to set a goal to become en-ergy independent and secure by the year 2020. That is only 5 short years from now. 
But we have made tremendous 
progress. We are going to continue to use the vast coal resources that we have at our disposal. We are going to harvest and use the natural gas and oil resources that we possess. We are going to expand on our nuclear energy capa-bility. And, yes, we are going to let a private sector free market pursue al-ternative forms of energy—not at tax-payer expense, but at entrepreneur ex-
pense where brilliant minds will try and break the code of being able to store up and harness, for future use, en-ergy from the wind and the Sun. They can’t meet our heavy-lifting energy needs today, but who knows what great discoveries that we will find in the fu-ture? 
I believe if we had an energy vision, 
a true, all-of-the-above energy vision that sounded like that, you would, once again, see our young people lining up to get into institutions to prepare themselves for careers in energy pro-duction, storage, distribution, and usage. You would find companies with the certainty to be able to grow and ex-pand. You would see a resurgence of manufacturing as America, once again, began to innovate and put its research and development ingenuity to work to find new products and new discoveries. 
The Pope stood right here on this 
House floor just a few short weeks ago. He said: Why do so many people around the world want to come to America? I am paraphrasing, but he said that they want to come here because America is the land of dreamers. 
We are the problem solvers. From the 
discovery of electricity, the invention of the light bulb, the invention of the combustion engine, mass production of automobiles, flight, space travel, com-puting and telecommunications inno-vation, and medical marvels beyond be-lief, so much of what the world enjoys today came from the ingenuity and the innovation of the American Dream—a dream powered by the coal industry, a dream powered now by a combination of oil, gas, coal, and nuclear energy. 
Mr. Speaker, we now know that our 
policies in the energy sector have been based on fears of scarcity, but we no longer have to yield to those fears. We have the resources, the know-how, and the wherewithal to be energy inde-pendent and secure. With H.R. 8, the Architecture of Abundance, we are going to be giving the Senate and the President an opportunity to launch America into this next great vision of energy independence and security by the end of the decade. I hope they will take that opportunity seriously. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today through De-
cember 3 on account of medical issues. 
Mr. F ARR (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of illness. 
Mr. D EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of med-
ical leave. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30NO7.063 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8640 November 30, 2015 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
AMENDMENT TO THE RULES OF THE COMMITTEE  
ON WAYS AND MEANS FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
Washington, DC, November 30, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : I am pleased to submit 
for printing in the Congressional Record, pursuant to Rule XI, clause 2(a) of the Rules of the House, a copy of the Rules of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, which were adopted at the organizational meeting of the Committee on January 21, 2015, and were re-vised at the business meeting of the Com-mittee on November 18, 2015. 
Sincerely, 
K
EVIN BRADY , 
Chairman. 
(As Adopted by the Committee on November 
18, 2015) 
A. GENERAL  
RULE 1 . APPLICATION OF HOUSE RULES  
The rules of the House are the rules of the 
Committee on Ways and Means and its sub-committees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, is a non-debatable motion of high privilege in the Committee. 
Each subcommittee of the Committee is 
part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. Written rules adopted by the Committee, not incon-sistent with the Rules of the House, shall be binding on each subcommittee of the Com-mittee. 
The provisions of rule XI of the Rules of 
the House are incorporated by reference as the rules of the Committee to the extent ap-plicable. 
RULE 2 . MEETING DATE AND QUORUMS  
The regular meeting day of the Committee 
on Ways and Means shall be on the second Wednesday of each month while the House is in session. However, the Committee shall not meet on the regularly scheduled meeting day if there is no business to be considered. 
A majority of the Committee constitutes a 
quorum for business; provided however, that two Members shall constitute a quorum at any regularly scheduled hearing called for the purpose of taking testimony and receiv-ing evidence. In establishing a quorum for purposes of a public hearing, every effort shall be made to secure the presence of at least one Member each from the majority and the minority. 
The Chairman of the Committee may call 
and convene, as he considers necessary, addi-tional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pend-ing before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. The Com-mittee shall meet pursuant to the call of the Chair. 
RULE 3 . COMMITTEE BUDGET  
For each Congress, the Chairman, in con-
sultation with the Majority Members of the Committee, shall prepare a preliminary budget. Such budget shall include necessary amounts for staff personnel, travel, inves-tigation, and other expenses of the Com-mittee. After consultation with the Minority 
Members, the Chairman shall include an amount budgeted by Minority Members for staff under their direction and supervision. 
RULE 4 . PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE  
DOCUMENTS  
Any Committee or Subcommittee print, 
document, or similar material prepared for public distribution shall either be approved 
by the Committee or Subcommittee prior to distribution and opportunity afforded for the inclusion of supplemental, minority or addi-tional views, or such document shall promi-nently display near the top of its cover the following: ‘‘Majority [or Minority] Staff Re-port,’’ as appropriate. 
The requirements of this rule shall apply 
only to the publication of policy-oriented, analytical documents, and not to the publi-cation of public hearings, legislative docu-ments, documents which are administrative in nature or reports which are required to be submitted to the Committee under public law. The appropriate characterization of a document subject to this rule shall be deter-mined after consultation with the Minority. 
RULE 5 . OFFICIAL TRAVEL  
Consistent with the primary expense reso-
lution and such additional expense resolu-tion as may have been approved, the provi-sions of this rule shall govern official travel of Committee Members and Committee staff. Official travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the full Committee for any Member or any Committee staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authoriza-tion of the Chairman. Official travel may be authorized by the Chairman for any Member and any Committee staff member in connec-tion with the attendance of hearings con-ducted by the Committee, its Subcommit-tees, or any other Committee or Sub-committee of the Congress on matters rel-evant to the general jurisdiction of the Com-mittee, and meetings, conferences, facility inspections, and investigations which in-volve activities or subject matter relevant to the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writ-ing the following: 
(1) The purpose of the official travel; (2) The dates during which the official 
travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the official travel is being made; 
(3) The location of the event for which the 
official travel is to be made; and 
(4) The names of the Members and Com-
mittee staff seeking authorization. 
In the case of official travel of Members 
and staff of a Subcommittee to hearings, meetings, conferences, facility inspections and investigations involving activities or subject matter under the jurisdiction of such Subcommittee, prior authorization must be obtained from the Subcommittee Chairman and the full Committee Chairman. Such prior authorization shall be given by the full Committee Chairman only upon the rep-resentation by the applicable Subcommittee Chairman in writing setting forth those items enumerated above. 
Within 60 days of the conclusion of any of-
ficial travel authorized under this rule, there shall be submitted to the full Committee Chairman a written report covering the in-formation gained as a result of the hearing, meeting, conference, facility inspection or investigation attended pursuant to such offi-cial travel. 
RULE 6 . AVAILABILITY OF COMMITTEE RECORDS  
AND PUBLICATIONS  
The records of the Committee at the Na-
tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in ac-cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chairman shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of Rule VII, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any Member of the Committee. The Committee shall, to the maximum extent feasible, make its publica-
tions available in electronic form. 
RULE 7 . COMMITTEE WEBSITE  
The Chairman shall maintain an official 
Committee website for the purpose of fur-thering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including commu-nicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee members and other members of the House. The ranking minority member may maintain a similar website for the same purpose, including communicating information about the activities of the mi-nority to Committee members and other members of the House. 
B. SUBCOMMITTEES  
RULE 8 . SUBCOMMITTEE RATIOS AND  
JURISDICTION  
All matters referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means involving revenue meas-ures, except those revenue measures referred to Subcommittees under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 shall be considered by the full Com-mittee and not in Subcommittee. There shall be six standing Subcommittees as follows: a Subcommittee on Trade; a Subcommittee on Oversight; a Subcommittee on Health; a Sub-committee on Social Security; a Sub-committee on Human Resources; and a Sub-committee on Tax Policy. The ratio of Re-publicans to Democrats on any Sub-committee of the Committee shall be con-sistent with the ratio of Republicans to Democrats on the full Committee. 
1. The Subcommittee on Trade shall con-
sist of 16 Members, 10 of whom shall be Re-publicans and 6 of whom shall be Democrats. 
The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on 
Trade shall include bills and matters re-ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to customs and customs adminis-tration including tariff and import fee struc-ture, classification, valuation of and special rules applying to imports, and special tariff provisions and procedures which relate to customs operation affecting exports and im-ports; import trade matters, including im-port impact, industry relief from injurious imports, adjustment assistance and pro-grams to encourage competitive responses to imports, unfair import practices including antidumping and countervailing duty provi-sions, and import policy which relates to de-pendence on foreign sources of supply; com-modity agreements and reciprocal trade agreements involving multilateral and bilat-eral trade negotiations and implementation of agreements involving tariff and non-tariff trade barriers to and distortions of inter-national trade; international rules, organiza-tions and institutional aspects of inter-national trade agreements; budget author-izations for the customs revenue functions of the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. International Trade Commission, and the U.S. Trade Representative; and special trade-related problems involving market ac-cess, competitive conditions of specific in-dustries, export policy and promotion, access to materials in short supply, bilateral trade relations including trade with developing countries, operations of multinational cor-porations, and trade with non-market econo-mies. 
2. The Subcommittee on Oversight shall 
consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Re-publicans and 4 of whom shall be Democrats. 
The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on 
Oversight shall include all matters within the scope of the full Committee’s jurisdic-tion but shall be limited to existing law. Said oversight jurisdiction shall not be ex-clusive but shall be concurrent with that of the other Subcommittees. With respect to matters involving the Internal Revenue Code 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.036 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8641 November 30, 2015 
and other revenue issues, said concurrent ju-
risdiction shall be shared with the full Com-mittee. Before undertaking any investiga-tion or hearing, the Chairman of the Sub-committee on Oversight shall confer with the Chairman of the full Committee and the Chairman of any other Subcommittee having jurisdiction. 
3. The Subcommittee on Health shall con-
sist of 18 Members, 11 of whom shall be Re-publicans and 7 of whom shall be Democrats. 
The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on 
Health shall include bills and matters re-ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to programs providing payments (from any source) for health care, health de-livery systems, or health research. More spe-cifically, the jurisdiction of the Sub-committee on Health shall include bills and matters that relate to the health care pro-grams of the Social Security Act (including titles V, XI (Part B), XVIII, and XIX thereof) and, concurrent with the full Committee, tax credit and deduction provisions of the Inter-nal Revenue Code dealing with health insur-ance premiums and health care costs. 
4. The Subcommittee on Social Security 
shall consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Republicans and 4 of whom shall be Demo-crats. 
The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on 
Social Security shall include bills and mat-ters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the Federal Old Age, Survivors’ and Disability Insurance System, the Railroad Retirement System, and em-ployment taxes and trust fund operations re-lating to those systems. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on So-cial Security shall include bills and matters involving title II of the Social Security Act and Chapter 22 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Railroad Retirement Tax Act), as well as provisions in title VII and title XI of the Act relating to procedure and administration involving the Old Age, Survivors’ and Dis-ability Insurance System. 
5. The Subcommittee on Human Resources 
shall consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Republicans and 4 of whom shall be Demo-crats. 
The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on 
Human Resources shall include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the public assist-ance provisions of the Social Security Act, including temporary assistance for needy families, child care, child and family serv-ices, child support, foster care, adoption, supplemental security income, social serv-ices, eligibility of welfare recipients for food stamps, and low-income energy assistance. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Human Resources shall in-clude bills and matters relating to titles I, IV, VI, X, XIV, XVI, XVII, XX and related provisions of titles VII and XI of the Social Security Act. 
The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on 
Human Resources shall also include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the Federal-State system of unemployment compensation, and the financing thereof, including the pro-grams for extended and emergency benefits. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the 
Subcommittee on Human Resources shall also include all bills and matters pertaining to the programs of unemployment compensa-tion under titles III, IX and XII of the Social Security Act, Chapters 23 and 23A of the In-ternal Revenue Code, and the Federal-State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970, and provisions relating thereto. 
6. The Subcommittee on Tax Policy shall 
consist of 14 Members, 9 of whom shall be Re-publicans and 5 of whom shall be Democrats. 
The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on 
Tax Policy shall consist of those revenue measures that, from time to time, shall be 
referred to it specifically by the Chairman of the full Committee. 
RULE 9 . EX-OFFICIO MEMBERS OF  
SUBCOMMITTEES  
The Chairman of the full Committee and 
the Ranking Minority Member may sit as ex- officio Members of all Subcommittees. They may be counted for purposes of assisting in the establishment of a quorum for a Sub-committee. However, their absence shall not count against the establishment of a quorum by the regular Members of the Sub-committee. Ex-officio Members shall neither vote in the Subcommittee nor be taken into consideration for the purposes of deter-mining the ratio of the Subcommittee. 
RULE 10 . SUBCOMMITTEE MEETINGS  
Insofar as practicable, meetings of the full 
Committee and its Subcommittees shall not conflict. Subcommittee Chairmen shall set meeting dates after consultation with the Chairman of the full Committee and other Subcommittee Chairmen with a view to-wards avoiding, wherever possible, simulta-neous scheduling of full Committee and Sub-committee meetings or hearings. 
RULE 11 . REFERENCE OF LEGISLATION AND  
SUBCOMMITTEE REPORTS  
Except for bills or measures retained by 
the Chairman of the full Committee for full Committee consideration, every bill or other measure referred to the Committee shall be referred by the Chairman of the full Com-mittee to the appropriate Subcommittee in a timely manner. A Subcommittee shall, with-in three legislative days of the referral, ac-knowledge same to the full Committee. 
After a measure has been pending in a Sub-
committee for a reasonable period of time, the Chairman of the full Committee may make a request in writing to the Sub-committee that the Subcommittee forthwith report the measure to the full Committee with its recommendations. If within seven legislative days after the Chairman’s written request, the Subcommittee has not so re-ported the measure, then there shall be in order in the full Committee a motion to dis-charge the Subcommittee from further con-sideration of the measure. If such motion is approved by a majority vote of the full Com-mittee, the measure may thereafter be con-sidered only by the full Committee. 
No measure reported by a Subcommittee 
shall be considered by the full Committee unless it has been presented to all Members of the full Committee at least two legislative days prior to the full Committee’s meeting, together with a comparison with present law, a section-by-section analysis of the pro-posed change, a section-by-section justifica-tion, and a draft statement of the budget ef-fects of the measure that is consistent with the requirements for reported measures under clause 3(d)(1) of Rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 12 . RECOMMENDATION FOR APPOINTMENT  
OF CONFEREES  
Whenever in the legislative process it be-
comes necessary to appoint conferees, the Chairman of the full Committee shall rec-ommend to the Speaker as conferees the names of those Committee Members as the Chairman may designate. In making rec-ommendations of Minority Members as con-ferees, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee. 
C. HEARINGS  
RULE 13 . WITNESSES  
In order to assure the most productive use 
of the limited time available to question hearing witnesses, a witness who is sched-uled to appear before the full Committee or a Subcommittee shall file with the Clerk of 
the Committee at least 48 hours in advance of his or her appearance a written statement of their proposed testimony. In addition, all witnesses shall comply with formatting re-quirements as specified by the Committee and the Rules of the House. Failure to com-ply with the 48-hour rule may result in a wit-ness being denied the opportunity to testify in person. Failure to comply with the for-matting requirements may result in a wit-ness’ statement being rejected for inclusion in the published hearing record. In addition to the requirements of clause 2(g)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House regarding infor-mation required of public witnesses, a wit-ness shall limit his or her oral presentation to a summary of their position and shall pro-vide sufficient copies of their written state-ment to the Clerk for distribution to Mem-bers, staff and news media. 
A witness appearing at a public hearing, or 
submitting a statement for the record of a public hearing, or submitting written com-ments in response to a published request for comments by the Committee must include in their statement or submission, a list of all clients, persons or organizations on whose behalf the witness appears. Oral testimony and statements for the record, or written comments in response to a request for com-ments by the Committee, will be accepted only from citizens of the United States or corporations or associations organized under the laws of one of the 50 States of the United States or the District of Columbia, unless otherwise directed by the Chairman of the full Committee or Subcommittee involved. Written statements from non-citizens may be considered for acceptance in the record if transmitted to the Committee in writing by Members of Congress. 
RULE 14 . QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES  
Committee Members may question wit-
nesses only when recognized by the Chair-man for that purpose. All Members shall be limited to five minutes on the initial round of questioning. In questioning witnesses under the five minute rule, the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member shall be recognized first, after which Members who are in attendance at the beginning of a hear-ing will be recognized in the order of their seniority on the Committee. Other Members shall be recognized in the order of their ap-pearance at the hearing. In recognizing Members to question witnesses, the Chair-man may take into consideration the ratio of Majority Members to Minority Members and the number of Majority and Minority Members present and shall apportion the rec-ognition for questioning in such a manner as not to disadvantage Members of the major-ity. 
RULE 15 . SUBPOENA POWER  
The power to authorize and issue sub-
poenas is delegated to the Chairman of the full Committee, as provided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 16 . RECORDS OF HEARINGS  
An accurate stenographic record shall be 
kept of all testimony taken at a public hear-ing. The staff shall transmit to a witness the transcript of his or her testimony for correc-tion and immediate return to the Committee offices. Only changes in the interest of clar-ity, accuracy and corrections in transcribing errors will be permitted. Changes that sub-stantially alter the actual testimony will not be permitted. Members shall have the op-portunity to correct their own remarks be-fore publication. The Chairman of the full Committee may order the printing of a hear-ing without the corrections of a witness or Member if he determines that a reasonable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.037 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8642 November 30, 2015 
time has been afforded to make corrections 
and that further delay would impede the con-sideration of the legislation or other meas-ure that is the subject of the hearing. 
RULE 17 . BROADCASTING OF HEARINGS  
The provisions of clause 4(f) of Rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives are specifically made a part of these rules by reference. In addition, the following policy shall apply to media coverage of any meet-ing of the full Committee or a Sub-committee: 
(1) An appropriate area of the Committee’s 
hearing room will be designated for members of the media and their equipment. 
(2) No interviews will be allowed in the 
Committee room while the Committee is in session. Individual interviews must take place before the gavel falls for the convening of a meeting or after the gavel falls for ad-journment. 
(3) Day-to-day notification of the next 
day’s electronic coverage shall be provided by the media to the Chairman of the full Committee through an appropriate designee. 
(4) Still photography during a Committee 
meeting will not be permitted to disrupt the proceedings or block the vision of Com-mittee Members or witnesses. 
(5) Further conditions may be specified by 
the Chairman. 
D. MARKUPS  
RULE 18 . PREVIOUS QUESTION  
The Chairman shall not recognize a Mem-
ber for the purpose of moving the previous question unless the Member has first advised the Chair and the Committee that this is the purpose for which recognition is being sought. 
RULE 19 . POSTPONEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS  
The Chairman may postpone further pro-
ceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. 
The Chairman may resume proceedings on 
a postponed request at any time. In exer-cising postponement authority the Chairman shall take reasonable steps to notify Mem-bers on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. 
When proceedings resume on a postponed 
question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an under-lying proposition shall remain subject to fur-ther debate or amendment to the same ex-tent as when the question was postponed. 
RULE 20 . MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE  
The Chairman is authorized to offer a mo-
tion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House of Representatives whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
RULE 21 . OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPTS OF MARKUPS  
AND OTHER COMMITTEE MEETINGS  
An official stenographic transcript shall be 
kept accurately reflecting all markups and other official meetings of the full Committee and the Subcommittees, whether they be open or closed to the public. This official transcript, marked as ‘‘uncorrected,’’ shall be available for inspection by the public (ex-cept for meetings closed pursuant to clause 2(g)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House), by Members of the House, or by Members of the Committee together with their staffs, during normal business hours in the full Committee or Subcommittee office under such controls as the Chairman of the full Committee deems necessary. Official tran-scripts shall not be removed from the Com-mittee or Subcommittee office. 
If, however, (1) in the drafting of a Com-
mittee or Subcommittee decision, the Office of the House Legislative Counsel or (2) in the preparation of a Committee report, the Chief of Staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation determines (in consultation with appropriate 
majority and minority committee staff) that it is necessary to review the official tran-script of a markup, such transcript may be released upon the signature and to the cus-tody of an appropriate committee staff per-son. Such transcript shall be returned imme-diately after its review in the drafting ses-sion. 
The official transcript of a markup or 
Committee meeting other than a public hearing shall not be published or distributed to the public in any way except by a major-ity vote of the Committee. Before any public release of the uncorrected transcript, Mem-bers must be given a reasonable opportunity to correct their remarks. In instances in which a stenographic transcript is kept of a conference committee proceeding, all of the requirements of this rule shall likewise be observed. 
RULE 22 . PUBLICATION OF DECISIONS AND  
LEGISLATIVE LANGUAGE  
A press release describing any tentative or 
final decision made by the full Committee or a Subcommittee on legislation under consid-eration shall be made available to each Member of the Committee as soon as pos-sible, but no later than the next day. How-ever, the legislative draft of any tentative or final decision of the full Committee or a Subcommittee shall not be publicly released until such draft is made available to each Member of the Committee. 
E. STAFF  
RULE 23 . SUPERVISION OF COMMITTEE STAFF  
The staff of the Committee shall be under 
the general supervision and direction of the Chairman of the full Committee except as provided in clause 9 of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives concerning Committee expenses and staff. 
Pursuant to clause 6(d) of Rule X of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the full Committee, from the funds made available for the appointment of Committee staff pursuant to primary and ad-ditional expense resolutions, shall ensure that each Subcommittee receives sufficient staff to carry out its responsibilities under the rules of the Committee, and that the mi-nority party is fairly treated in the appoint-ment of such staff. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1550. An act to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project man-agement in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
S. 1698. An act to exclude payments from 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
S. 2328. An act to reauthorized and amend 
the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker pro tempore, Mr. 
MESSER , on Monday, November 23, 2015, 
announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 599. An act to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstra-tion project. BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on November 19, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 3996. To provide an extension of Fed-
eral-aid highway, highway safety, motor car-rier safety, transit, and other programs fund-ed out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2262. To facilitate a pro-growth envi-
ronment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 208. To improve the disaster assist-
ance programs of the Small Business Admin-istration. 
H.R. 639. To amend the Controlled Sub-
stances Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distribu-tors seeking to conduct clinical testing. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, December 1, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3531. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report on ‘‘Protection of Military In-stallations’’ as required by the Carl Levin and Howard P. ’’Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for FY 2015, pursu-ant to Public Law 113-291, Sec. 1056; (128 Stat. 3499); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3532. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s 2014 Merger Decisions Re-port, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1828(c)(9); Sept. 21, 1950, ch. 967, Sec. 2(18) (as added by Public Law 89-356, Sec. 1); (80 Stat. 9); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
3533. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Stress Testing of Regulated Entities (RIN: 2590-AA74) re-ceived November 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3534. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s interim final rule — Mar-gin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities (RIN: 2590-AA45) received No-vember 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3535. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap En-tities (RIN: 2590-AA45) received November 20, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.038 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8643 November 30, 2015 
2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added 
by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); ; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
3536. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-
sistant General Counsel, Division of Regu-latory Services, Office of the General Coun-sel, Office of Postsecondary Education, De-partment of Education, transmitting the De-partment’s final regulations — Program In-tegrity and Improvement [Docket ID: ED- 2015-OPE-0020] (RIN: 1840-AD14) received No-vember 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3537. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-
sistant General Counsel, Division of Regu-latory Services, Office of the General Coun-sel, Office of Postsecondary Education, De-partment of Education, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final regulations — Stu-dent Assistance General Provisions, Federal Family Education Loan Program, and Wil-liam D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program [Docket ID: ED-2014-OPE-0161] (RIN: 1840- AD18) received November 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
3538. A letter from the Acting Commis-
sioner, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s Environmental Assessment report on the risks associated with genetically en-gineered seafood products, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 2106; Public Law 110-85, Sec. 1007; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3539. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Occupational Safety and Health Research and Related Activities: Removal of Regulations Regarding Administrative Func-tions, Practices, and Procedures [Docket No.: CDC-2015-0062; NIOSH-286] (RIN: 0920- AA55) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3540. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Saflufenacil; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0640; FRL-9936-71] received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3541. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — PM10 Plans and Redesigna-tion Request; Truckee Meadows, Nevada; De-letion of TSP Area Designation [EPA-R09- OAR-2015-0633; FRL-9939-48-Region 9] re-ceived November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3542. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — NESHAP for Brick and Structural Clay Products Manufacturing; and NESHAP for Clay Ceramics Manufac-turing: Correction [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0290 and EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0291; FRL-9939-35- OAR] (RIN: 2060-AP69) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
3543. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Aerospace Manufacturing and Re-work Facilities Risk and Technology Review 
[EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0830; FRL-9936-64-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AQ99) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3544. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Aureobasidium pullulans strains DSM 14940 and DSM 14941; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2010-0099; FRL-9936-50] received No-vember 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3545. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Revision to the Definition of Volatile Organic Compound [EPA-R03-OAR- 2015-0686; FRL-9939-38-Region 3] received No-vember 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3546. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; ME; Repeal of the Maine’s General Con-formity Provision [EPA-R01-OAR-2015-0593; A-1-FRL-9939-24-Region 1] received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3547. A letter from the Program Analyst, 
Financial Operations, Office of Managing Di-rector, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Assessment and Collection of Regu-latory Fees for Fiscal Year 2014 [MD Docket No.: 14-92]; Assessment and Collection of Regulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 2013 [MD Docket No.: 13-140]; Procedures for Assess-ment and Collection of Regulatory Fees [MD Docket No.: 12-201] received November 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
3548. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s Agency Financial Re-port for FY 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3549. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Report Pur-suant to the Emergency Wartime Supple-mental Appropriations Act, 2003 on Loan Guarantees to Israel’’, pursuant to Public Law 108-11, Title I Chapter 5; (117 Stat. 576); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3550. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting a declara-tion of a national emergency with respect to the unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States posed by the situation in Bu-
rundi, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(b); Public Law 95-223 Sec. 204(b); (91 Stat. 1627) (H. Doc. No. 114—80); ; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
3551. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the 2015 Annual Report on the Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholar-ship Program, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2462 note; Public Law 106-309, Sec. 304; (114 Stat. 1095); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3552. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting agreements prepared by 
the Department of State concerning inter-national agreements other than treaties en-tered into by the United States, to be trans-mitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Zablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d) Public Law 92- 403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3553. A letter from the Acting Legislative 
Director, Natural Resources Conservation Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — NRCS Procedures for Granting Equitable Relief (RIN: 0578-AA57) received November 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3554. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Persons and Modification of Certain Entries to the Entity List; and Removal of Certain Persons from the Entity List [Docket No.: 150911846-5846- 01] (RIN: 0694-AG74) received November 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3555. A letter from the Deputy Under Sec-
retary for Management and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Agency Fi-nancial Report for FY 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3516 note; Public Law 112-217, Sec. 2(c); (126 Stat. 1591) and 31 U.S.C. 3115(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); and Public Law 108-330; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
3556. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report for the pe-riod April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. 5(a); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
3557. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting the De-partment’s Agency Financial Report for FY 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3115(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3558. A letter from the Chairman of the 
Board and Chairman, Audit Committee, Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s consolidated report to the President addressing the re-quirements of the Federal Managers’ Finan-cial Integrity Act and the Inspector General Act of 1978, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. Sec. 8G(h)(2); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 8G(h)(2) (as added by Public Law 100-504, Sec. 104(a)); (102 Stat. 2525); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3559. A letter from the Chairman, Farm 
Credit System Insurance Corporation, trans-mitting the Corporation’s draft Strategic Plan for Fiscal Years 2016 through 2021, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 306(d); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3560. A letter from the Treasurer, National 
Gallery of Art, transmitting the Gallery’s Performance and Accountability Report for FY 2015, including the consolidated financial statements, federal financial statements (as 
supplementary schedules) and auditor’s re-port, complying voluntarily with the spirit of the Accountability of Tax Dollars Act of 2002, Public Law 107-289; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3561. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear 
Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Performance and Account-ability Report for FY 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30NO7.000 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8644 November 30, 2015 
3562. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Government Ethics, transmitting the An-nual Financial Report for the U.S. Office of Government Ethics for FY 2015, as submitted to the Office of Management and Budget, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3115(a); Public Law 101- 576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
3563. A letter from the Chair, Securities 
and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2015 Agency Financial Re-port, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 8G(h)(2); Public Law 100-504, Sec. 104(a); (102 Stat. 2525); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3564. A letter from the Chair, Securities 
and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Semiannual report for the pe-riod April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. 5(b); Public Law 95- 452, Sec. 5(b); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3565. A letter from the Director, U.S. Trade 
and Development Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Performance and Accountability Reports including audited financial state-ments for FY 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3115(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3566. A letter from the Staff Director, 
United States Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting the Commission’s Performance and Accountability Report for FY 2015, pur-suant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3567. A letter from the Executive Director, 
World War One Centennial Commission, transmitting the Commission’s periodic re-port for the period ended September 30, 2015, pursuant to Public Law 112-272, Sec. 5(b)(1); (126 Stat. 2450); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3568. A letter from the Director, Congres-
sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Federal Election Commis-sion Fiscal Year 2015 Agency Financial Re-port, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. Sec. 8G(h)(2); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 8G(h)(2) (as added by Public Law 100-504, Sec. 104(a)); (102 Stat. 2525); to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
3569. A letter from the Acting Principal 
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Regulations, Areas of the Na-tional Park System, Lake Chelan National Recreation Area, Solid Waste Disposal [NPS- LACH-19666; PPPWNOCAM3 PPMOMFO1Z.F00000] (RIN: 1024-AE09) re-ceived November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3570. A letter from the Administrator, 
Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Cor-poration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Corporation’s annual finan-cial audit and management report for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9105; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3571. A letter from the Chief Impact Ana-
lyst, Office of Regulation Policy, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s direct final rule — Exempting Mental Health Peer Support Services from Copay-ments (RIN: 2900-AP11) received November 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
3572. A letter from the United States Trade 
Representative, Executive Office of the President, transmitting notification to Con-
gress under Sec. 103(a) of the Bipartisan Con-gressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 of the President’s intent to agree under that section at the 2015 APEC Leaders’ meeting to reduce tariffs on the 54 environmental products, included in Annex C to the 2012 APEC Leaders’ Declaration, to five percent or less by the end of 2015, under the authority delegated by Executive Order 13701 of July 17, 2015; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3573. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicare Program; Contract Year 2016 Policy and Technical Changes to the Medicare Advantage and the Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit Programs [CMS- 4159-F2] (RIN: 0938-AS20) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
3574. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program: Hos-pital Outpatient Prospective Payment and Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Sys-tems and Quality Reporting Programs; Short Inpatient Hospital Stays; Transition for Cer-tain Medicare-Dependent, Small Rural Hos-pitals under the Hospital Inpatient Prospec-tive Payment System; Provider Administra-tive Appeals and Judicial Review [CMS-1633- FC; CMS-1607-F2] (RIN: 0938-AS42; RIN: 0938- AS11) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
3575. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Revi-sions to Payment Policies under the Physi-cian Fee Schedule and Other Revisions to Part B for CY 2016 [CMS-1631-FC] (RIN: 0938- AS40) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3490. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–345, Pt. 2). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 1755. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain im-provements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans (Rept. 114– 350). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 3279. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require annual re-ports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other ex-penses to prevailing parties in certain ad-ministrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–351). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 526. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to require the public dis-closure by trusts established under section 524(g) of such title, of quarterly reports that contain detailed information regarding the receipt and disposition of claims for injuries based on exposure to asbestos; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–352). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 539. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the joint reso-lution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relat-ing to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Green-house Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’; and pro-viding for consideration of the joint resolu-tion (S.J. Res. 24) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. (Rept. 114–353). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. KLINE: Committee of Conference. Con-
ference report on S. 1177. An act to reauthor-ize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves (Rept. 114–354). Ordered to be print-ed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. NUNES (for himself and Mr. 
SCHIFF ): 
H.R. 4127. A bill to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H.R. 4128. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide taxpayer protec-tion and assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 4129. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a program under which the Secretary enters into part-nership agreements with non-Federal enti-ties for the construction of major construc-tion projects authorized by law, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30NO7.000 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8645 November 30, 2015 
other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 4130. A bill to temporarily prohibit 
the importation of certain iron and steel ar-ticles; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HECK of Washington (for him-
self, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
COLE, and Mr. K ILDEE ): 
H.R. 4131. A bill to direct the Chief of Engi-
neers to transfer an archaeological collec-tion, commonly referred to as the Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, to the Washington State Department of Archeology and His-toric Preservation; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: 
H.R. 4132. A bill to amend section 320301 of 
title 54, Unites States Code, to require ap-proval of affected States before national monuments may be designated under that section, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 4133. A bill to amend the United 
States Housing Act of 1937 to ensure ac-countability in the provision of public hous-ing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself and Ms. 
KUSTER ): 
H.R. 4134. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to increase efficiency in the recruitment and hiring by the Department of Veterans Affairs of health care workers that are undergoing separation from the Armed Forces, to create uniform credentialing standards for certain health care professionals of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Ms. 
S
PEIER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Ms. E STY, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Ms. 
LOFGREN ): 
H.R. 4135. A bill to clarify the definition of 
nonimmigrant for purposes of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mrs. 
C
APPS ): 
H.R. 4136. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act relating to beach monitoring, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 4137. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to Simeon Booker in recognition of his achievements in the field of jour-nalism, including reporting during the Civil Rights movement, as well as social and polit-ical commentary; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Ms. 
C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. N APOLI -TANO , Mr. F ARR, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. 
COHEN ): 
H. Res. 540. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the policies of the United States should sup-port a transition to near zero greenhouse gas emissions, 100 percent clean renewable en-ergy, infrastructure modernization, green jobs, full employment, a sustainable econ-omy, fair wages, affordable energy, expand-ing the middle class, and ending poverty to promote national economic competitiveness and national security and for the purpose of avoiding adverse impacts of a changing cli-mate; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself and Mr. 
J
EFFRIES ): 
H. Res. 541. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of June 2016 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
156. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the House of Representatives of the State of Ohio, relative to House Resolution No.: 107, requesting Congress to renew funding for Save the Dream Ohio through the United States Department of the Treasury’s Hardest Hit Fund, to continue to provide assistance to homeowners in the state of Ohio at risk of foreclosure; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. NUNES: 
H.R. 4127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The intelligence and intelligence-related 
activities of the United States government, including those under Title 50 of the United States Code, are carried out to support the national security interests of the United States, to support and assist the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in the execution of the foreign policy of the United States. 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States provides, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘. . . to raise and support ar-mies. . .’’; and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H.R. 4128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 4129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 4130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. HECK of Washington: 
H.R. 4131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: 
H.R. 4132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3 states ‘‘Congress shall 
have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States.’’ 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 4133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 4134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH: 
H.R. 4135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof.’’ 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 4136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 4137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:06 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30NO7.100 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8646 November 30, 2015 
H.R. 25: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 109: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 158: Mr. C RAMER and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 267: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 465: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 524: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 551: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. K EATING , and 
Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 565: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 592: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
VELA. 
H.R. 624: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 699: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 706: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 816: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 829: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 842: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 887: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 911: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 921: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 940: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 953: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 973: Mr. S HIMKUS and Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 1220: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1221: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 1247: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1301: Ms. M OORE , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. 
VELA. 
H.R. 1303: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. A SHFORD , 
and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1401: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 1457: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Ms. 
ESHOO . 
H.R. 1459: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1588: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1635: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1655: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1670: Ms. K USTER and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1714: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. A GUILAR , and 
Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1733: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 1751: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 1761: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 1779: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 1786: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1818: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C OLE, and Mrs. 
COMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1838: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 1849: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1902: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1933: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1945: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California. 
H.R. 2148: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 2191: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mrs. D AVIS 
of California. 
H.R. 2209: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
HUDSON . 
H.R. 2215: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 2218: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
TAKANO . 
H.R. 2224: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 2255: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 2290: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2311: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2434: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2450: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2519: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 2622: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. H URT of 
Virginia. 
H.R. 2660: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 2680: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. K LINE. H.R. 2713: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2715: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 2716: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
LEVIN, and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2748: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 2808: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 2836: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. Ca ´rdenas, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. D UCKWORTH , and 
Ms. V ELE´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 2880: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 2894: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2903: Ms. K USTER and Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 2938: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2972: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C OOK, Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3160: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 3164: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 3180: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 3183: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 3222: Mr. B UCK, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 3237: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 3250: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 3268: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 3304: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3314: Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M OULTON , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. L AHOOD, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ASHFORD , and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 3338: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 3339: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3381: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3406: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3441: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 3459: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 3466: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , Mrs. N OEM, and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 3517: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 3541: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
NORTON , and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 3556: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 3558: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 3590: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 3632: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 3646: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3662: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 3668: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 3694: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
CA´RDENAS . 
H.R. 3698: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3706: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. H ECK 
of Washington, Mr. M CHENRY , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3711: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
H.R. 3760: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3765: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 3802: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3804: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 3829: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 3830: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3833: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
PAYNE , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Ms. B ASS, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C LAY, 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Ms. 
PLASKETT . 
H.R. 3845: Mr. R OSS, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 3850: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3852: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 3858: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 3861: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 3869: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 3870: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H ONDA , and 
Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3880: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 3929: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 3940: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 3984: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 3986: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 3988: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 3991: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 4006: Mr. A MASH . 
H.R. 4008: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 4009: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 4013: Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 4029: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 4032: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. 
KINGof Iowa. 
H.R. 4078: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. H ARDY , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. B ABIN, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. Z INKE, and 
Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 4079: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. V ELA, Ms. 
ESTY, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. P INGREE , and 
Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 4108: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 4113: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. C APPS , 
and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 4126: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G OSAR , and 
Mr. B UCK. 
H. Con. Res. 94: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. B UR-
GESS. 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. 
ROKITA . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H. Res. 374: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 432: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and 
Mr. A SHFORD . 
H. Res. 469: Mrs. L OVEand Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia. 
H. Res. 505: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H. Res. 506: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 514: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. 
ROTHFUS . 
H. Res, 527: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H. Res. 530: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
CONYERS . 
H. Res. 536: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART . 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2646: Mr. Y ODER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO7.040 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8647 November 30, 2015 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 37. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the Board of Chosen Freeholders, Cum-berland County, New Jersey, relative to Res-olution No.: 2015-446, supporting Senate Bill No. 1647 (DRIVE), developing a reliable and 
innovative vision for the economy; which was referred to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30NO7.002 H30NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8181 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 2015 No. 172 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Father, we acknowledge that 
in spite of the turbulence in our world, You are still God. Thank You for Your goodness, for Your mercies, and for Your steadfast love that endures for-ever. 
Bless our lawmakers. May they bring 
their fragmentary lives into the whole-ness of Your presence. Calm their rest-less spirits with the soothing strength of Your everlasting security. Make them victors and not victims on life’s great battlefield. May they find in You grace, peace, power, and adequacy to be more than conquerors. 
We pray in Your mighty Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
AUTHORIZING RETURN OF PAPERS 
REQUEST 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sec-retary of the Senate be authorized to request the return of the papers with respect to PN742; further, that when the Senate receives the papers, the Senate’s action with respect to the 
nomination on November 19, 2015, be vi-tiated. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 2329 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I understand there is a bill at the desk due a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2329) to prevent the entry of ex-
tremists into the United States under the refugee program, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
POWER PLAN REGULATIONS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
when President Obama tried to push a regressive anti-middle-class energy tax through a Democratic-controlled Con-gress, his own party said no. Undeterred, the President simply went around Congress to impose similarly regressive—and likely illegal—power plan regulations anyway. He is cur-rently trying to sell that power plan to world leaders in Paris, as proof of the American Government’s commitment to his energy priorities. But with all due respect to the President as our Commander in Chief, governments cur-rently engaged in this round of climate talks will want to know that there is more than just an executive branch in our system of government. 
More than half of the States have 
filed suit against the President’s power plan. A bipartisan majority in both Chambers of Congress have approved legislation that rejects the President’s 
plan. The courts appear likely to strike it down, and the next President could simply tear it up. This is the easily foreseeable result of intentionally sidestepping Congress to impose this anti-middle-class power plan. 
If left in place, the power plan 
threatens to punish the poor and could result in the elimination of as many as a quarter of a million U.S. jobs. For what? The power plan won’t even meaningfully affect global climate emissions, and it could actually in-crease emissions by offshoring Amer-ican manufacturing to countries that lack our environmental standards. 
That is pain for the middle class, a 
climate rounding error for negotiators in Paris. That is not a good policy for America’s working families. It cer-tainly would not be responsible to at-tempt to negotiate commitments based upon an illegal power plan, one that may not even survive much longer, in any event. 
f 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE NEW 
CONGRESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Now, Madam 
President, on another matter, in the last election the American people chose a new direction with a new Re-publican majority in Congress. We have been working hard ever since to get Congress back on their side and back to work. Over the past year, Americans have seen committees up and running again. Americans have seen bills passed again. Americans have seen meaningful bipartisan bills being signed into law again. Americans have also seen Mem-bers of opposing parties working to-gether to make progress on important issues, from trade to Medicare to cyber security. We have seen examples of it this year on some of Washington’s stickiest issues. 
We saw the Senate pass a bipartisan 
multiyear highway bill this summer, 65 to 34. The Republican chairman and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO6.000 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8182 November 30, 2015 
the Democratic ranking member 
worked closely to bring this about. We also saw the Senate pass a bipartisan replacement for the broken No Child Left Behind law last summer, 81 to 17. I would like to thank Senator A
LEX-
ANDER and Senator M URRAY for work-
ing closely across the aisle on that achievement. These represent signifi-cant accomplishments for the new Con-gress and significant wins for the American people. After all, some pun-dits said Washington could never take these issues on at all. But we did, and we now expect to finish Congress’s work on all of those matters in the coming days. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
WORK OF THE CONGRESS 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I appre-
ciate the Republican leader cheering for all of the great things that have happened here in the Senate, but the facts are that—look at any political scientist, anyone who watches what goes on here in Washington and add up the number of bills passed and the nominations confirmed in this Con-gress—this Congress is well, well be-yond anything in recent history. 
In addition to that, we have had 
more revotes—that is, voting on the same thing over and over with the same result—in the history of Congress ever. So I appreciate his trying to make things look good. I hope it gets better in the next couple of weeks be-cause we have a lot to do. We have a lot to do. I will talk about that in a minute. We have so much to do. We can accomplish a great deal if we finish the highway bill and elementary and sec-ondary education, if we do the tax ex-tenders, and if we do the omnibus spending bill. That would be terrific if we could get those done, but we only have a few days to get them done. 
f 
TRAGEDY AT PLANNED 
PARENTHOOD CLINIC 
Mr. REID. Madam President, our Na-
tion is stunned following last week’s wanton murders at the Planned Par-enthood clinic in Colorado Springs, CO. That heinous attack left three dead: a police officer, a mother of two chil-dren, and an Iraq war veteran. Nine others were wounded. It is sickening that these innocent victims were gunned down in cold blood in a medical clinic in the holiday season. 
More casualties were avoided by the 
quick and heroic action taken by re-sponding law enforcement as well as by a courageous bystander named Ke’Arre Stewart, the Iraq war veteran I just mentioned, who heroically reentered the building to provide help. While he was doing that, he was killed—mur-dered. I can only imagine the heart-
breaking anguish that the victims and their families are experiencing. I know it is of little comfort, but the Senate mourns with them. Our thoughts are with them, their families, and the first responders who brought an end to this brutal attack. 
But we in the Senate should not fail 
to see the context in which this vile as-sault took place. Last summer, a right-wing group began unleashing a series of heavily edited videos with unsubstan-tiated allegations. Since that time, Re-publicans in Congress have made it their mission to push these unsubstan-tiated allegations every chance they get. They are actually baseless. 
They also have made it their mission 
to defund Planned Parenthood, which would irreparably damage this health care provider’s future. Republicans have insisted on votes to strip Planned Parenthood from its Federal funding on two different occasions. Neither was successful. But they are still trying. 
Republicans want to stop Medicaid 
reimbursement to Planned Parenthood, among other things. Republicans also believe in politically motivated inves-tigations of Planned Parenthood. The Republican chairman of the House oversight committee, Congressman J
ASON CHAFFETZ , has admitted that he 
has uncovered no wrongdoing in his in-vestigation of Planned Parenthood to this point. 
But always willing to play a bad 
hand, that has not stopped House Re-publicans from allocating $300,000 of taxpayer money to fund a new politi-cally motivated special subcommittee dedicated to investigating Planned Parenthood. Republicans should not waste their time. I would hope that they give up before they match the millions of dollars—at last count it is more than $5 million—that they have wasted on the so-called Benghazi ‘‘let’s get Secretary Clinton’’ committee, an-other politically motivated and un-timely fruitless attack. 
We should never forget that one in 
five American women will get care from a Planned Parenthood clinic at some point in their life. Cutting off ac-cess to important health care services such as breast and cervical screenings and contraception is bad for women and bad for the country. 
In the wake of this act of domestic 
terrorism, I commend Planned Parent-hood for refusing to allow threats and violence to stand in the way of its work to ensure women have access to care. I hope everybody understands that I stand with Planned Parenthood. But we as leaders must be mindful of our words and actions. Whipping people into a frenzy of hate and anger while providing them with easy access to firearms has proven disastrous to our country. 
We have a responsibility as leaders to 
think very hard about what we say and do in this context and what the con-sequences are. We have a responsibility to fund ways to stop this violence. Democrats are working on reasonable 
gun safety proposals that will help en-sure that firearms are kept out of the hands of people intent on committing violence. It is appalling how many times I have had to make this plea. This terrible event that took place in Colorado just a few days ago is already off the news. Why? Because it happens so often in America. It is appalling how many times I have had to make this plea, but I say to my Republican col-leagues yet again: Join with us in pass-ing sensible gun safety reforms. Help us keep guns away from people intent on using them to slaughter innocent people. 
First, we must do something to close 
to loopholes that allow FBI terror sus-pects and other unhinged individuals to legally buy AK–47s and other weapons. Right now a terror suspect, someone who is listed on the watch list, can walk into a gun store or a gun show and purchase sophisticated assault weapons. To leave that loophole unaddressed is sheer recklessness by congressional Republicans. Someone on the terrorist watch list can walk in and buy a gun, any gun they want. That is not good. 
We must also strengthen our Nation’s 
background check system. We are fail-ing to flag and prevent people who are mentally ill or who have violent mo-tives from legally purchasing weapons. Improved background checks are essen-tial in keeping guns out of the wrong hands. What we are saying is if some-one is a felon, a criminal or crazy, they shouldn’t be able to purchase a gun without a background check, and they should never be able to purchase a gun—period. 
Finally, we have to close loopholes 
that allow people to illegally traffic in firearms. What does this mean? Right now we have no laws in place to ade-quately prevent individuals from pur-chasing weapons—buy huge numbers of weapons. Then what do they do with them? Sell them at a great profit and transfer them to criminals. 
For example, a person with a clean 
background can purchase an unlimited number of guns and then turn around and sell them to a cartel, a gang or a terrorist organization with no threat of prosecution. Unfortunately, as in the past, Republicans are nowhere to be found when it comes to implementing these commonsense changes to our gun laws. For example, as to the Colorado Springs murders, did we hear a single Republican running for President of the United States stand and say: We have too many guns; can’t we stop this? 
I haven’t heard a single Republican 
Senator come to the floor and say something about this terrible event that took place. Instead, they are busy fear-mongering against Syrian refu-gees, those fleeing Assad and ISIS. We have a rigorous screening process for when we accept refugees. The refugees we are accepting are women, children, and older men with families. Less than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30NO6.006 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8183 November 30, 2015 
2 percent of the men who come as refu-
gees from Syria or Iraq are of military age. The Department of Homeland Se-curity has verified that not one of the 1,800 Syrian refugees already admitted to the United States has a single con-firmed tie to terrorism, but in spite of all the facts, Republicans would focus their attention on refugees and ignore the problem we have with gun violence in America. 
Republicans would have Americans 
believe Syrian refugees are the pre-eminent threat to our national secu-rity, and meanwhile the Republican Congress is doing nothing to curb our Nation’s gun violence. It is a sad com-mentary on Republicans that they are more concerned about keeping Syrian refugees out of America than they are about keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists, those who are mentally ill, and those who are criminals. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE 
CONFERENCE 
Mr. REID. Madam President, as we 
speak, in faraway Paris, France, 194 countries are gathering to negotiate an international agreement to address cli-mate change. Fortunately for the world, President Obama is committed to doing something about that climate change. 
I send all my appreciation, my acco-
lades to the French people for going ahead with this extremely important conference and not letting those ter-rible acts that occurred stop them from doing so. Because of President Obama’s leadership, the United States is taking on a more prominent role in rolling back dangerous carbon emissions, not only from our country but from China, India, Brazil, and other major sources of climate-changing pollution. 
Before the conference in Paris even 
started, more than 170 countries rep-resenting over 90 percent of global car-bon emissions made concrete pledges to reduce carbon pollution. Climate change is among the most serious prob-lems we face today. What does the Pen-tagon say? What do all the security agencies say is the most serious prob-lem facing America today? Climate change. We are beginning to endure the devastating consequences of rising sea levels, extreme weather, and drought across America and all over the world. 
No country acting alone can halt cli-
mate change, but through American leadership and international coopera-tion, we can protect our air and cli-mate for our children and their chil-dren. I commend President Obama for his work domestically and internation-ally to address this issue. 
f 
FINISHING THE SENATE’S WORK 
Mr. REID. Madam President, this 
year is quickly drawing to a close, as I mentioned earlier. That means the Senate has precious few days left to finish vitally important legislative matters, and it is not a small list. Be-fore we leave this year, we need to ad-
dress funding to prevent a government shutdown, a surface transportation bill, the elementary and secondary edu-cation conference report, important ex-piring tax provisions, including those for the middle class, not just for the big corporations, and a growing back-log of nominations, particularly those involving national security positions. 
Each of these matters I just men-
tioned is essential. We have to get them done, and we don’t have a lot of time to do it. There is certainly no time for demagoguery and political dis-tractions such as repealing Obama Care or defunding Planned Parenthood that have been the hallmarks of the Repub-lican Congress. Instead, I hope my Re-publican colleagues will work with Democrats to accomplish all of the Senate’s work in a timely fashion. 
Madam President, Senator M
CCON-
NELL and I have finished our remarks. 
What now is the business of the day? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to finish my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PUERTO RICO 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise 
to speak on Puerto Rico’s financial and economic challenges. 
The Government of Puerto Rico tells 
us the territory has more than $73 bil-lion in debt that is, to use their words, ‘‘not payable.’’ On top of that, Puerto Rico has tens of billions of dollars in unfunded pension liabilities and very few assets to back up its pension prom-ises. The economy in Puerto Rico has persistently registered double-digit un-employment rates, staggeringly low labor force participation rates and a bloated public sector and there are growing strains on Puerto Rico’s health care system, some of which re-flected the way the so-called Afford-able Care Act was written to treat Puerto Rico and other territories, some of which reflects differing treatment between Puerto Rico, where residents do not pay Federal personal income taxes, and States where residents are included in the Federal personal in-come tax system. In short, there is very little good economic news coming from Puerto Rico these days. As a re-sult, we are seeing an ongoing debate about what the Federal Government 
can or should do in order to help the American citizens residing in Puerto Rico. 
To me, this debate boils down to four 
relatively simple questions: Question No. 1, should the Federal Government allow Puerto Rico access to chapter 9 of the Bankruptcy Code or to even broader debt resolution tools; question No. 2, will providing fresh tax incen-tives to Puerto Rico help boost the is-land’s economy by creating jobs and stimulating growth; question No. 3, should Congress increase Federal re-sources to help ease Puerto Rico’s strained health care system; and ques-tion No. 4, should we take steps to ex-empt Puerto Rico from burdensome Federal regulations—including labor, transportation, and energy regula-tions—that may be contributing to the territory’s ongoing economic strug-gles? 
Today we have seen a number of pro-
posals that attempt to address these and other questions, although, in my 
opinion, many of them do so in very awkward ways. I want to take time today to address each of these four major questions in turn and hopefully shed some light on what we have to consider as we try to address the grow-ing crisis in Puerto Rico. 
So far, the majority of these discus-
sions among policymakers with regard to Puerto Rico have focused on ques-tion No. 1, allowing access to chapter 9 bankruptcy relief. As we all know, chapter 9 applies specifically to finan-cially distressed municipalities that are seeking protection from creditors as they develop and negotiate plans to adjust their debts. Puerto Rico is not currently eligible for chapter 9 bank-ruptcy, meaning that granting them access to this type of relief will require a legislative change to the Bankruptcy Code, which may come with its own set of problems. Some proponents of the bankruptcy solutions for Puerto Rico have argued that the clear language preventing the island from accessing chapter 9 reflects some sort of drafting error. They argue further that once Puerto Rico is eligible for chapter 9 protections, it should apply to debts al-ready incurred. 
Now, whether the exclusion for Puer-
to Rico from chapter 9 was inten-tional—and I don’t believe it was—we should keep in mind that there are po-tential rule-of-law issues at stake when we talk about legislative action to retroactively alter the terms of debt contracts. Puerto Rico’s creditors en-tered into their contracts with the var-ious existing risks priced into the agreements in the form of interest rates and other terms. If the island had been eligible for chapter 9 bankruptcy prior to entering into those agree-ments, creditors would have formed different expectations, likely leading to different terms, including differing interest rates that could have reshaped the demand for Puerto Rico bonds. This is not rocket science. This is fi-nance 101. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30NO6.007 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8184 November 30, 2015 
We should be cautious about any leg-
islative action that would alter the terms of existing contracts. At the very least, we should consider what im-pact extending chapter 9 to existing Puerto Rico obligations would have on credit transactions moving forward, given that parties set credit agree-ments based upon the laws they expect 
to apply. If parties believe there is a real possibility that Congress might retroactively change those laws in the future, they are likely to seek different terms or reevaluate a contract’s poten-tial worth. Even so, it is not at all clear that our amending chapter 9 to allow access for Puerto Rico will solve the debt problems of Puerto Rico. 
Officials from the Obama administra-
tion have argued that chapter 9 would only cover about 30 percent of Puerto Rico’s outstanding obligations and, as a result, even broader debt restruc-turing authority is necessary. There-fore, those in Congress with proposed solutions that center only on chapter 9 bankruptcy are apparently not aware of the administration’s position. How-ever, the other nonbankruptcy pro-posals we have seen—which would allow Puerto Rico to handle its debt on its own—are also lacking. For example, we have seen proposals to allow the Federal Reserve to purchase debt issued by Puerto Rico and to authorize the Treasury to guarantee bonds issued by the Government of Puerto Rico or any of its instrumentalities. Of course, this approach would run the risk of set-ting very bad precedents for future in-solvent entities and is fraught with moral hazard. 
Ultimately, those pushing to restruc-
ture Puerto Rico’s debt as the sole so-lution tend to want to simply blame the problems on the creditors, using loose terms like ‘‘hedge funds’’ or ‘‘vul-ture funds.’’ For these people, pun-ishing the creditors is their desired focus, not because it is a viable solu-tion but because, at the end of the day, an opportunity for populist rhetoric is itself a valuable commodity heading into a contentious election cycle. 
While that approach may help some 
around here appeal to their political base, it does precious little to help the people of Puerto Rico and ignores the fact that a number of the creditors are middle-class investors and retirees from virtually every U.S. State and territory—from Utah to New York, to Puerto Rico itself. 
Ultimately, whatever case can be 
made for restructuring authority for Puerto Rico’s debt, there may not be an urgent need for that authority to be granted right away. This is evidenced by the fact that despite several months of debate surrounding the issues, Puer-to Rico has only recently begun negoti-ating with some of its creditors. I would hope that if the need for relief is in fact dire, the Government of Puerto Rico will waste no time in negotiating and working toward private solutions. If there is no urgency on that front, it would be hard to argue that there is an urgent need for Congress to consider 
proposals relating to chapter 9 bank-ruptcy or broader restructuring au-thority. That is question No. 1. 
Let’s talk about question No. 2, 
which deals with tax incentives to boost Puerto Rico’s economy. On the tax front we have seen proposals in Congress to allow residents in Puerto Rico to claim the earned-income tax credit and the refundable portion of the child tax credit on the same basis as other U.S. taxpayers. Likewise, the Obama administration has indicated support for a similar approach, al-though they have not provided any real details as to what their proposal would look like. 
Proposals such as these are problem-
atic for a number of reasons. As I men-tioned, the residents of Puerto Rico are exempt from the Federal personal in-come tax system, meaning that they do not pay any personal Federal income tax. Therefore, offering these refund-able tax credits would not reduce their tax burden because you can’t reduce a tax burden that is already zero. In other words, these tax credits would ul-timately be cash payments offered di-rectly to lower income residents of Puerto Rico. On top of that, the earned-income tax credit and the child tax credit are already rife with fraud and overpayments when they are of-fered to taxpayers who are required to file a return and can at least theoreti-cally incur a tax burden at some future date if their income goes up. Extending these same credits to Puerto Rico could very well introduce a number of threats to the integrity and adminis-tration of our tax system. 
Those who issue these types of pro-
posals rarely have a solution to these inherent concerns. Moreover, we haven’t seen any public information from congressional scorekeepers as to how much these proposals would cost. I also haven’t heard any proponents of this approach offer so much as a hint about how they would plan to offset the costs or if they intend to offer any offset at all. 
Long story short, most of the tax-re-
lated proposals to the Puerto Rico situ-ation leave much to be desired. That is not to say we should not do anything in this area. There are quite likely tax incentives we could offer to better incentivize growth and labor force par-ticipation and perhaps investment in the Puerto Rican economy. I think it would be safe to say Republicans would be open to such a discussion. But to date, I haven’t seen anything that re-sembles a serious solution that focuses on the Tax Code. 
This brings us to question No. 3, deal-
ing with health care policy, which has been the primary focus of a number of our colleagues when it comes to these issues. Here in Congress, we have seen some poorly constructed proposals that, when boiled down to their es-sence, would allocate more than $30 bil-lion from the general fund directly to Puerto Rico. Of course, that is not how the proponents describe their ideas. 
Typically, these proposals are couched as changes to the way Puerto Rico’s share of Federal health dollars is deter-mined under existing programs. How-ever, while the issues are admittedly complex, the result is fairly simple: Fiscal irresponsibility would be re-warded to the tune of tens of billions of 
dollars. 
Now, don’t get me wrong—we will 
very likely have to consider these ideas to alter the means by which we allo-cate Federal health funds to Puerto Rico. However, if we decide to go that route, it is essential that we move for-ward in a fiscally appropriate and re-sponsible manner. To date, I have yet to hear any concrete thoughts from proponents in Congress or from our Federal health agencies about how this can be done. I have heard, however, that the so-called Affordable Care Act is the source of some of the health care-related problems faced by Puerto Rico. I will leave it to those who wrote that law and forced it through Con-gress on a partisan basis to explain why that is the case. 
We now come to question No. 4, the 
possibility of providing Puerto Rico with relief from various Federal regu-lations. We have heard a number of ideas in this area, including reforms or exemptions from regulations governing labor markets, shipping, energy costs, and others. While I am inherently sym-pathetic to proposals to scale back Federal regulations, the issues here are very complex and would become very political in a hurry. 
For example, while I haven’t taken 
any straw polls, I think it is safe to say that many of my friends on the other side of the aisle would reflexively op-pose any attempt to mitigate the appli-cation of Federal minimum wage regu-lations to Puerto Rico. This would be puzzling given that Congress has of-fered similar relief to other ailing U.S. territories in the relatively recent past. On top of that, the Krueger Re-port, which was commissioned by the Government of Puerto Rico along with a host of economic analysts across the political spectrum, argued that allow-ing Puerto Rico the flexibility to set minimum wages that differ from the Federal levels would have a positive economic impact and that the current minimum wage levels do not fit pro-ductivity conditions on the island. Still, even in the face of all this evi-dence and precedent, my guess is that many of my colleagues would take issue with this idea. 
I would expect they would similarly 
reject out of hand any proposals to scale back environmental regulations and rules governing transportation even if it could be shown that their regulations were having a negative im-pact and contributing directly to Puer-to Rico’s fiscal and economic predica-ment. Unfortunately, Madam Presi-dent, for a number of our colleagues here in Congress, commitment to ide-ology too often does not allow room to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30NO6.008 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8185 November 30, 2015 
admit when your policies are not work-
ing. While the situation in Puerto Rico isn’t the first time we have seen that come up, I expect we will see that hap-pening a lot if we get a chance to con-sider regulatory relief as a potential solution. 
Those are the four main questions we 
face with regard to Puerto Rico. While they each come with their own sets of difficulties, those are the basic cat-egories of solutions we have seen come to light so far. Of those four categories, two of them—the tax and the health care categories—are interrelated inso-much as Members of Congress and ad-ministration officials have made them the focus of various ideas to help Puer-to Rico improve its fiscal situation and perhaps its economy. While those put-ting the tax and health proposals for-ward have largely been silent about what our official scorekeepers—the CBO and the Joint Committee on Tax-ation—will say about the costs of their CTC ideas, I have done some of my col-leagues’ homework for them. 
Adding up the refundable tax credits, 
including the EITC and the CTC, and health-related resource flows, includ-ing changes to Medicaid allocations, the overall cost looks to be well north of $30 billion and likely around $40 bil-lion over the next 10 years. Those are hardly insignificant figures. 
Questions of funding and resource al-
location are always difficult, and they implicate a number of issues. It isn’t as simple as just deciding to give more health funds to Puerto Rico or access to refundable tax credits because doing so would necessarily mean reduced funding for other Federal priorities or increased taxes or yet more Federal debt. 
True enough, Puerto Rico’s problems 
are multidimensional and complex, and I don’t know anyone in Congress who is indifferent to the plight of these Amer-ican citizens. Sadly, these facts don’t make our unpleasant budget arith-metic any easier. If anything, they make it all the more complicated. In short, there are no easy answers. 
That said, regardless of how we move 
forward, we need to have a clearer pic-ture of what is going on in Puerto Rico. We need to have the fiscal facts regarding the island’s indebtedness, funding levels, and needs. Yet, to date, we have not seen any recent audited fi-nancial statements from Puerto Rico, although we have asked for them. In-stead, we are being asked to rely on statements and cash flow analysis com-missioned by the Government of Puer-to Rico. As of right now, finances in Puerto Rico remain extremely opaque and difficult to monitor. Congress should demand independent verifica-tion of the territory’s finances before moving forward on any kind of relief package. 
Moreover, while we are hearing hor-
ror stories of inadequate cash flow and a liquidity freeze in Puerto Rico, it is difficult to ascribe much urgency to the situation when we are still seeing and reading about relatively large out-
lays for questionable expenses. Indeed, it is hard to believe an entity is in dan-ger of running out of cash when it is paying for a broad public relations and lobbying campaign and when officials are talking about protecting hundreds of millions of dollars in year-end bo-nuses for government employees. 
This brings us to yet another dif-
ficult question. I suppose you could call this question No. 5. What can we do to ensure that Puerto Rico changes its clearly unsustainable fiscal course? No matter what we do with regard to debt restructuring, tax policy, health care policy, or regulatory relief, the so-lution will ultimately be meaningless if we don’t take steps to ensure that 
Puerto Rico doesn’t simply continue on the fiscally irresponsible path that brought them to this mess in the first place. Even if every creditor gets a massive haircut and all the requested resources are channeled directly to the island, steps need to be taken to avoid getting into this situation again in the future. 
For some time Puerto Rico has spent 
more than it takes in from revenues and receipts and has covered the dif-ference with debt. The debt that has been issued has tapped out virtually every possible future receipt of the government, and basic budget arith-metic has caught up with this unsustainable fiscal recipe and has ef-fectively shut Puerto Rico out of fund-ing markets. 
In short, Puerto Rico must move to 
policies that are fiscally sustainable. Madam President, that is not me try-ing to impose on Puerto Rico’s sov-ereignty. That is not an agenda of ‘‘austerity’’ at work. It is just the sim-ple budget arithmetic of the situation. Before we undertake any efforts to pro-vide relief or assistance to Puerto Rico, we need to give this simple math its proper consideration and demand a workable plan for the future. I would like to see Puerto Rico submit such a plan, and that plan is going to have to include how they resolve the over-whelming burden of government down there when they have allowed it to grow out of control and become the employer of last resort. 
For its part, the Obama administra-
tion has chosen to remain relatively vague on this somehow. In October, we saw a joint statement from Treasury, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the National Economic Council outlining a general plan which they called a ‘‘Roadmap for Congres-sional Action.’’ This roadmap con-tained many of the same general pro-posals I have discussed today with re-gard to bankruptcy relief, tax credits, and health spending. Conspicuously ab-sent were any proposals for regulatory relief for Puerto Rico. Also absent were any real cost estimates or proposed off-sets, just some lipservice to the need to undertake these changes in a ‘‘fiscally responsible’’ way. 
I have made inquiries to various 
agencies, including Treasury and HHS, with little in the way of detailed re-
sponse to many of these issues at stake here. It remains puzzling to me that in the midst of what some in the adminis-tration are calling a ‘‘humanitarian crisis,’’ we are seeing very little en-gagement from our health agencies, particularly when so many have been arguing that the crisis stems in large 
part from the lack of health care fund-ing in Puerto Rico. 
It also seems that provisions of tax-
payer-funded technical assistance— which I would think would be consid-ered in any package aimed at Puerto Rico—may be rendered moot given that, as I understand it, Treasury offi-cials are working to wedge such a sys-tem on the sidelines into appropria-tions vehicles. Needless to say, before Congress can even begin to consider a significant legislative package to ad-dress the situation in Puerto Rico, we need more information from the ad-ministration about what it is now doing and what it plans to do in the near future. Put simply, it would not be productive for Congress to move for-ward on a legislative vehicle costing billions of dollars, if not tens of bil-lions of dollars, without knowing be-forehand if that legislation contradicts or conforms to the plans of Federal agencies. 
Long story short, Madam President, 
this will likely be a significant under-taking. There are a lot of ideas floating around. Some may work; others clearly will not. As the chairman of the Senate committee with jurisdiction over our Tax Code and most of the relevant health programs, I am more than will-ing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find a bipar-tisan path forward. To accomplish that goal, we need everyone involved to be upfront and willing to work together. That goes for Members of Congress, the administration, and the Government of Puerto Rico. Everyone needs to come clean about the current state of affairs, the specific needs and amounts re-quested, the actual costs of any legisla-tive or administrative proposal, and whether they want to offset costs or simply incur more Federal debt. Right now, too many people are willing to throw out demands and vague pro-posals—with the price tag as high as $30 billion to $40 billion—accompanied by a lot of political rhetoric. That is precisely what we do not need. 
It would be very easy to play politics 
with this issue. My hope is that enough of us will be able to set that aside to allow Congress to do right by our fel-low citizens in Puerto Rico. There are some who believe that crass politics may be playing a role here and that some would throw Puerto Rico to the dogs so that more and more people will immigrate to Florida for political pur-poses. 
I hope that is not true. I can’t believe 
that is true, but it has been stated. I hope we can come together as Demo-crats and Republicans to solve this problem. Puerto Rico is going to have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30NO6.011 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8186 November 30, 2015 
to help us to know what to do. I sus-
pect the creditors are going to have to help us, too, or we are going to have to help them as well. I stand ready, will-ing, and able as chairman of the Fi-nance Committee to solve these prob-lems. But so far we haven’t even re-ceived the right financial statements from Puerto Rico, and we can’t move ahead without having clear-cut infor-mation that shows us what is going on, what the problems are, what we have to do, and how to do it. 
I want to do whatever it takes to 
help Puerto Rico resolve these prob-lems, and I would like to see Puerto Rico itself resolve them. It may take some help from us; it may take some help from creditors. I would like to see them sit down with creditors before we come up with some colossal Federal program that is going to basically hurt everybody. But I am open, and I sure as heck want to get this problem solved. 
I like the people of Puerto Rico. I 
think they deserve better treatment than this. But they also got themselves into this problem by requiring too much of the central government and spending more and more all the time, with more and more central govern-ment employees that they don’t need. That is a large part of this problem. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, this 
Senator from Florida doesn’t think it is true that Puerto Rico is having such economic chaos that the net result is that Puerto Ricans—who are American citizens—move to Florida. The fact is that some are moving to Florida, I would say to the distinguished Senator from Utah, because of the economic deprivation of the island. 
It would seem to me, as someone who 
has looked at this issue and has been to the island and spoken to the leaders, that there is an essential element of fairness here. If the bankruptcy laws are allowed to apply to all States and municipalities, why would those bank-ruptcy laws not apply to Puerto Rico and its need to reorganize its finances as well? 
Mr. HATCH. Will the Senator yield? Mr. NELSON. I will. Let me make 
this statement. 
There is another part of unfairness, 
and that is that Puerto Ricans are not being treated the same way under the Medicare and Medicaid laws as well. To this Senator from Florida, who is close to the Puerto Rican people, it does not seem to be the fair thing. 
Regardless of what the issue is with 
regard to how they got into economic trouble, the fact is they are in eco-nomic trouble. The question is, How are we going to get them out of eco-nomic trouble? 
Of course, for purposes of a question, 
I yield to the distinguished Senator, my chairman of the Finance Com-mittee. 
Mr. HATCH. I appreciate my friend 
and colleague from Florida. I too un-derstand that he understands a lot 
about this. 
Look, bankruptcy laws do not apply. 
That doesn’t mean we can’t change that. I am not sure that is the way to do it. We are going to have to have some real information before we can move in that direction—which may be dangerous. 
I do think it is incumbent upon the 
Puerto Rican leadership to provide us with audited financial statements, so we really know what the problems are, so we can then approach this in an in-telligent, reasonable, healthy, loving way. I am for getting this problem solved, but I am not for just throwing money at it when we know their cen-tral government is completely bloated and that is what is causing some, if not most, of the problems. At least that is what we have been told. 
I am happy to look at financials. I 
am happy to look at whatever sugges-tions are made. Not that I am that im-portant, but we can move if we know what we are talking about. I am not about to move on the backs of the rest of the American taxpayers until they clean up the mess that is there, and they sit down with their creditors and see what they can work out. We ought to be encouraging them. I think their creditors want us to encourage them because they think it can be worked out—at least the one that I have spo-ken with. 
So I commit to the distinguished 
Senator. He knows I don’t make com-mitments unless I mean them. I am going to try to solve this problem. When I say ‘‘I,’’ I mean our committee and our Congress is going to try to solve this problem. But let’s do it in an intelligent way. Let’s get all the facts, let’s get some cooperation from Puerto Rico, and let’s get the right financials so we know exactly what we can work with. If we can get all that, hopefully we can find some solutions here that will bring these folks into balance and give them a shot for the future. 
Last, but not least, I agree with the 
distinguished Senator that they have not been treated fairly, and it is time for us to start treating them fairly. 
I disagree with him that there are 
not people in Congress who would love to see more and more coming to Flor-ida as Democrats. I am pretty sure that is the case, but that shouldn’t be the case. We should be working on these problems and solving them. 
I commit to the distinguished Sen-
ator from Florida who is a great Mem-ber of our committee that I will work with him, and we will see what we can do to solve these problems. But let’s get some financials we can rely on be-fore we go off on some deep end and miss the boat here. 
Mr. NELSON. The Senator is cer-
tainly entitled to the information in order to make a reasonable judgment. This Senator is advocating fairness in the system. 
There was a time that Puerto Rico 
was, in fact, included under the bank-ruptcy laws. For whatever reason, a 
couple of decades ago the law was changed and they were treated dif-ferently; the same was true with Medi-care and Medicaid payments. I think, regardless of what their financials show, Congress is going to have to take action. So when the Senator gets the information he wants, then I hope we can act forthwith because this is a problem that is with us at the moment. They are about to the point that they cannot make the payments on their debt obligations. So the day of reck-oning is basically here. 
f 
BULK TELEPHONE METADATA 
COLLECTION PROGRAM 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
came to the floor for a different reason. I want to speak about the National Se-curity Agency and the bulk telephone metadata collection program that basi-cally the new law took over, that there was reform of. Now, let me explain the old law and the new law that just took effect yesterday. 
The old law had been in effect for—I 
don’t know the exact number of years but something in excess of 5 and less than 8. The old law said that by going to the approved court that handles classified information—called the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court, known by its acronym FISA— that the government could ask for these records to come into the posses-sion of the government by showing good cause as to why those records would be held. So it was pursuant to a court order. 
What were the records to be held? 
These are business records of the tele-phone company. This is not the con-tent of the telephone call; this is the business record that says that on such and such a day, at such a time, that telephone number such and such called telephone such and such. That is called metadata. That is it; there is no con-tent. 
For almost a decade, ever since we 
had the 9/11 attacks and we passed the PATRIOT Act to try to make it much more efficient for our National Secu-rity Agencies to protect us—those records, if the telephone company com-plied with the order, would be in the data-base. But it is not the content. It is only the business records stating what I just said: Number such and such called such and such. 
Why was that important? Because 
when we suddenly got an indication that we had a terrorist that was going to strike either here or abroad and if that terrorist had a link to a number, we could see what calls that potential terrorist had made to what number and what numbers that number then called, and we could go down several different calls. It was through this that we were able to track down and prevent a num-ber of terrorist acts, including in this country. 
Earlier this year, along came the re-
form. The choice this Senator—who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30NO6.013 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8187 November 30, 2015 
supports the old law—was given was 
that either the old law is going to ex-pire and there is not going to be any law that governs the collection of these business records—nothing—or go with the reform. The so-called reform was that you had to go to the FISA Court to get an order as to a specific number and a specific reason why that number 
was something that you wanted. That sounds harmless enough, except when you are dealing in some cases with sec-onds, minutes, a few hours; you might be looking for this person about whom we suddenly got a tip—maybe from a human source—that they are about to try to do us damage. So how long is it going to take to go into court? Is it going to take months? Is it going to take weeks? Days? All the time, the potential terrorist is well ahead of us. I know our intelligence agencies are trying to be prepared so they can do it in the shortest possible time, but a judge has to be there to hear the facts and the probable cause in order to then render an order to allow the intel-ligence agencies—domestically, it would be the FBI—to go get those busi-ness records. 
If they get the business record and 
see that it goes one hop to another number, but maybe that goes another hop to another number and that goes another hop to several other numbers, under the so-called reform of the USA FREEDOM Act, there is a limitation on the number of hops. This Senator feels we shouldn’t limit those hops if we are trying to find out who the bad guy is and what he is about to do. 
Once we had that determined, then 
we go to the court again. If it is an American citizen or a person who is le-gally in the United States, they have to obtain another court order in order to be able to get the content—either listening to those calls or in the case of email records, the content of the email. 
We always said there ought to be this 
continuous tension between our right to privacy, protecting our country, and ourselves. We want that tension to be there because our right to privacy is what makes us different in this coun-try. Therefore, that is why we have the protections of having to go into court in order to get an order to get the con-tent of the communications. 
All you have to do is look to Paris 
and you can see that these guys are out to really do some mayhem. If in any way we are slowed down, then I think it is a considerable hindrance to us. I bring this to the attention of the Sen-ate simply because the new act super-seded the old act this past weekend. Naturally, when these records were spread about publicly 2 years ago by Edward Snowden, intentionally, reck-lessly, and I might say illegally, there was a fear. It made it seem like Big Brother was gathering up all of our in-formation. That is why in the initial PATRIOT Act we were so careful to keep this right of privacy protected by court order for the business records and then of course for content by a 
court order. 
I believe that program was lawful, I 
believe it was court-approved, and I be-lieve it has helped protect us from ter-rorist attacks in the past. I think the confusion in the land is because of what the bulk record was. It wasn’t content. It was business record—the dates, times, length, and the numbers dialed but not their content. 
We have this new law. It is in place. 
The National Intelligence Director, Jim Clapper, and the NSA Director, ADM Mike Rogers, assured us that the new law preserved a critical counter-terrorism capability, but these Paris attacks remind us how brutal ISIS really is and that the terrorist threat persists. 
As we look at who the terrorists in 
Paris were, there were four of them whom we knew of, whom we had on our no-fly list, and who were citizens of Eu-ropean countries. What does that mean? That means they didn’t have to go into the Embassy to get a visa so their background could be checked. They are one of the visa waiver coun-tries. But there was another one of their citizens who was one of those ter-rorists who was not on our no-fly list. I think the fact that the administra-tion has already started clamping down, doing the extra checks, we cer-tainly want to keep the Visa Waiver Program going, but it is a considerable potential threat if we are not checking and rechecking. I think from what we learned out of Paris, if the European countries will be more forthcoming to share their intelligence information with us about the potential terrorists, that will build our no-fly list for their citizens and that will be very helpful. 
We ought to permanently extend sec-
tion 702 of the FISA Amendments Act, which is going to expire in another 2 years. This crucial tool provides access to electronic communications of sus-pected terrorists and other foreign per-sons located outside of the United States. As we redouble our counterter-rorism efforts, we must maintain what works and make the necessary changes as the threat evolves. That means re-maining vigilant and using all the tools in our toolbox—including intel-ligence collection, Homeland Security protections, and the fight against ISIS on the battlefield. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
f 
HOLDS ON AMBASSADORIAL 
NOMINATIONS 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, in 
September, we learned shocking news that the U.S. Secret Service—armed agents of the Executive—violated the law to intimidate a congressman from doing his constitutional duty. Forty- five Secret Service employees accessed the personal records of Congressman J
ASON CHAFFETZ in violation of the 
Privacy Act. They shared with hun-dreds of personnel the fact that Con-
gressman C HAFFETZ had unsuccessfully 
applied to join the Service, leading to a leak of the information to the news media. 
This activity was not limited to low- 
level employees. The Service’s Assist-ant Director and head of training, Ed Lowery, encouraged the sharing of in-formation, writing in an email: 
Some information that he might find em-
barrassing needs to get out. Just to be fair. 
The Director of the Service, Joe 
Clancy, failed to act to rein in the be-havior when the information was raised to him. He had no reaction when he heard what he deemed to be a specu-lative rumor about the information. He apparently forgot that he had been in-formed of Congressman C
HAFFETZ ’s 
personal records, incorrectly telling the Homeland Security Department’s inspector general that he didn’t learn of the matter until it was about to be published in the Washington Post. 
The White House’s reaction to this 
criminal violation was equally muted. The White House implied that an apol-ogy to Congressman C
HAFFETZ would 
suffice in the absence of formal dis-cipline and a criminal investigation. This was unacceptable. To ensure that proper remedial action took place, I placed a hold on three ambassadorial nominees to send a clear message to the White House. 
I intended to lift these holds once 
two actions took place: First, I asked that the Department of Homeland Se-curity take appropriate disciplinary action against all Secret Service per-sonnel involved, including Secret Serv-ice leadership; second, I requested that a criminal investigation be initiated by the Department of Justice into viola-tions of the Privacy Act. 
Since I placed the holds, the White 
House reached out to my office and made clear that the President under-stood the gravity of the violations that occurred. In the past month, the Obama administration has finally begun to take action. The Department of Homeland Security issued discipli-nary proposals for the suspension of 42 lower level personnel involved in the misconduct. For senior-level per-sonnel—including Assistant Director Lowery—discipline proposals are being prepared, with the maximum penalty ranging up to the removal from their positions. 
This discipline may or may not be 
proper in each case, but my intent isn’t to be an HR officer for the Department of Homeland Security. Instead, when I instituted the holds on the three am-bassadorial nominees, I made it clear my aim was not to keep these nomi-nees in limbo indefinitely. My sole aim was to force action from the Obama ad-ministration, which too often ignores this separation of powers and proper enforcement of our laws. 
Because the Obama administration 
has taken partial steps to hold those who violated the law to account, I will in turn honor my word and lift two of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30NO6.014 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8188 November 30, 2015 
the three holds I have on ambassa-
dorial nominations: Mr. Samuel Heins, who is nominated to be the U.S. Am-bassador to Norway, and Ms. Azita Raji, who is nominated to be the U.S. Ambassador to Sweden. I believe both are qualified to represent our Nation abroad, and we have significant inter-ests in Scandinavia. My hope is that both nominees receive a vote and are confirmed in the Senate sooner rather than later. 
I will retain, however, the hold on 
President Obama’s Ambassador to the Bahamas. This is because the Depart-ment of Justice has yet to initiate an investigation into the unauthorized ac-cess and dissemination of Congressman C
HAFFETZ ’s personal records. 
The DHS inspector general has testi-
fied to Congress that he believes crimi-nal violations of the Privacy Act oc-curred. Secret Service Director Clancy, in his own testimony to Congress, agreed with the inspector general, ac-knowledging that the violations con-stituted, in his words, ‘‘a criminal of-fense.’’ With such agreement between the Department of Homeland Security IG and the Secret Service Director, I retain the hope and fully expect that a criminal investigation of these offenses by the Department of Justice will be forthcoming. 
That investigation and the discipline 
currently being meted out by the De-partment of Homeland Security are important to send the message that po-litically motivated crimes will not be tolerated. Consequences are needed to make clear that the separation of pow-ers will be respected and that Members of Congress acting on behalf of the peo-ple will not be intimidated. 
I also reserve the right to place new 
holds on future administration nomi-nees. What we cannot have is impunity for criminal offenses. If the discipline for the Secret Service leadership is too weak or if a criminal investigation is not initiated, I may place additional holds in order to again remind the White House of the seriousness of this matter, but in the meantime I look for-ward to continuing to work with the administration to ensure that dis-cipline is appropriate and a criminal investigation on this matter is initi-ated. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, hav-
ing just finished the Thanksgiving hol-iday season, many of us had a chance to be with our families and give thanks 
for all of the great goodness we have had showered on us as individuals and those lucky enough to live in this great Nation, but for many families this was a painful holiday weekend. It is sober-ing to realize how many American fam-ilies have their lives impacted by gun violence in America every single day. Sadly, the past holiday weekend was no exception. 
In my home State of Illinois, in the 
city of Chicago, gun violence has taken a devastating toll. There have been 436 homicides in Chicago this year—most of them by gunfire. In Chicago, the news this morning was that 8 people were killed and at least 20 others were wounded in shootings over the holiday weekend. Today the University of Chi-cago has closed its campus in Hyde Park because of a shooting threat that was made against the campus commu-nity. Classes and activities are can-celed. Extra security has been pro-vided. At a high school in Barrington, IL, in the suburbs of Chicago, students saw a lockdown after a student came to school with a gun and was arrested. 
The fact is, there is too much gun vi-
olence in America. All across the coun-try we have seen such terrible stories. 
On Friday, in Biloxi, MS, a patron at 
a Waffle House restaurant shot and killed Julia Brightwell, a waitress, after she asked him not to smoke in the restaurant. 
In Atlanta, on Saturday, 6-year-old 
Ja’Mecca Smith found a loaded hand-gun in the cushions of a sofa and fa-tally shot herself—6 years old. 
In Rome, NY, a 7-month-old infant 
was shot and killed on Saturday when a nearby 18-year-old was cleaning and loading a shotgun that was discharged. 
In Colorado Springs, CO, a gunman 
burst into a Planned Parenthood build-ing and killed three people, including police officer Garrett Swasey, and wounded nine others. The Governor of Colorado called this domestic ter-rorism, and I agree. 
An average of 297 Americans are shot 
every day, 89 of them fatally. They are shot in homicides, assaults, suicides, accidental shootings, mass shootings, and even domestic terrorism attacks like the one we just witnessed at the Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs. By one count, there have been at least 351 mass shootings in America so far this year—that is more than one every single day—and there have been more than 50 shootings in American schools so far this year. There are some people who think that the Founding Fathers, when they envisioned the fu-ture of America, envisioned an armed America with absolute, inviolate gun rights. I don’t believe it. I don’t believe for a minute they had any vision of this level of wanton violence which is taking place. 
Several weeks ago, I joined with my 
Senate Democratic colleagues. We went to the steps of the Capitol and called on the Republican majority in the Senate to do something. We urged Republicans to consider calling on the 
floor of the Senate—in light of all of this gun violence—commonsense re-forms that would keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. 
Whether or not you own a gun, 
whether or not you hunt, whatever your view is of the Constitution, can’t we all basically agree that people who have been convicted of a felony and those who are mentally unstable should not be allowed to buy a gun? That, to me, is just common sense. There are many people in my own fam-ily who are sportsmen and hunters and enjoy the firearms they bought as kids and went hunting with their dads and really appreciate it. It is part of the Midwestern culture. I have yet to meet a single person who owns a gun and uses it responsibly who doesn’t agree with the statement that we should keep guns out of the hands of convicted felons and also out of the hands of those who are mentally unstable. 
It is also hard to imagine why there 
is opposition to this issue. Did you know that even if you are on the gov-ernment’s terrorist watch list—a per-son who is suspected of terrorism—you can legally buy a gun in America? I am not talking about gun show loopholes, where there are no questions asked; I am talking about the law in America which allows suspected terrorists to buy firearms. In light of what happened in Paris, France, does it make sense that someone on the terrorist watch list can buy an assault weapon? God only knows where they would take it or what they would do with it and ulti-mately how many innocent people would be killed. We can’t even have a conversation about that on the floor of the U.S. Senate. No way. The National Rifle Association would not approve. The gun lobby does not want us dis-cussing these issues. We are talking about a Second Amendment absolute, inviolate right, in their eyes, and I think we are talking about something that is impossible to explain and de-fend, from my point of view. 
I will stand up for Second Amend-
ment rights—the rights of people to own and use guns responsibly and store them safely away from children. I will stand up for their rights, but we also have to come together and acknowl-edge that those who would misuse fire-arms because they have a criminal in-tent, with a criminal record, are men-tally unstable, or are on a suspected terrorist watch list—for goodness’ sake, we ought to be able to draw that line in the United States of America. 
f 
SYRIAN REFUGEES 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, it 
was just a few weeks ago that—I guess 10 days ago, actually—the Republican Presidential candidates went to the Presiding Officer’s State to meet with religious leaders, Christian leaders, and were seeking their support. Of course they all want the support of ev-eryone living in Iowa because the Iowa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30NO6.016 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8189 November 30, 2015 
caucus is coming up pretty soon. I 
thought about that as they went to meet these Christian leaders in Iowa, just across the river from my home State of Illinois. I thought about how they had just left their discussions here in Washington, talking about Syr-ian refugees. 
The most humbling humanitarian 
crisis in the world today is occurring in Syria. They have had a civil war which has gone on for years. Millions of peo-ple have been displaced and thousands have been killed. I met some of them just a few months ago when I went to Greece and saw these refugees stream-ing away from the camps in Syria try-ing to find a safe place. I can’t imagine what it must be like for a husband to turn to his wife and say: We have to move. Pick up the kids. Whatever you can carry is all that we are taking. We are going to try to find a safe place to live. 
I saw hundreds and thousands of 
them—families streaming out of this war-torn area. Very few of them have ever made it to the United States— about 2,000. Part of the reason is we have an elaborate, lengthy background check before anyone can be admitted as a refugee. In fact, it takes anywhere from 18 to 24 months of waiting to see if you might legally become a refugee in the United States of America. 
Well, these Republican Presidential 
candidates and 25 Governors have said: We don’t want any Syrian refugees. We are not going to allow them to come to the United States during a period of a ‘‘pause’’—as some say. Others have taken more extreme positions. It is hard to imagine. If our goal is to keep Americans safe, why are these Repub-lican candidates focusing on Syrian refugees? You see, since we have al-lowed about 2,000 refugees into the United States over the last 4 years, not one single Syrian refugee has been ar-rested and accused of terrorist activ-ity—not one. After a lengthy back-ground check, we believe we have done everything humanly possible to keep those away who would be any danger to our country. 
I met some of those Syrian refugees 
who have made it here, in the city of Chicago. If you think they are terrorist threats to the United States, for good-ness’ sake, take a few minutes and sit down and talk to them and hear their stories of how their families went through extreme hardships—some of them with children who were being killed in Syria during the war—and as they fled with the clothes on their backs, they appealed to the United States to be allowed to come here as refugees and then waited up to 2 years to go through every one of the possible background checks before they finally made it. 
What happens when they get here? 
Well, initially they need some help. Many of them don’t speak English very well. Some of them are not financially ready to take care of themselves. But do you know what happens after a few months? They find a place, go to work, 
and join a long parade of those who have come to the United States as refu-gees and called it home. That includes 400,000 Vietnamese refugees who came to the United States and are now a great part of our country. It includes 650,000 Cuban refugees who came to the United States, escaping Castro. In-cluded in those 650,000 refugees were the fathers of two U.S. Senators, one of whom is running for President of the United States. They came to the United States and made an important contribution to the Senate and our Na-tion—refugees. I heard one of them say: Well, it was different then. We are dealing with terrorism today. 
Really? What were we dealing with 
when we accepted Cuban refugees? We were dealing with a Communist regime in Cuba that was friendly with the So-viet Union, which had nuclear weapons pointed at the United States, and we were accepting refugees from that country. I am glad we did. We were liv-ing in a very dangerous time when they were accepted, and on balance we found that history has proven that those ref-ugees from Cuba have become an im-portant part of the United States. 
We accepted over 200,000 Soviet Jews 
who were being persecuted in that country and wanted to come to the United States so that they could prac-tice their religion freely. In my home-town of Springfield, IL, the synagogues opened their doors and said: We will sponsor these families as they come to our Midwestern community. We brought refugees from the Soviet Union in, and they became part of the United States. 
The story is told over and over again. 
Yet Republican Presidential nominees and Governors describe refugees as just terrorists on the run. They say they are not carefully screened and are still allowed in the United States. That is the way they describe it. It is not true. We know it is not true. 
When I consider those Republican 
Presidential nominees going to Iowa to pose for holy pictures with religious leaders after they said we would ex-clude these poor people who are simply trying to find a safe place for their families, it is hard to imagine. 
This morning’s New York Times tells 
a totally different story. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that this article in the New York Times be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Nov. 17, 2015] 
A M ANHATTAN HARDWARE STORE WELCOMES  
REFUGEES AS GOVERNORS VOWTOSHUT 
THEMOUT 
(By Jim Dwyer) 
Chris Christie of New Jersey and at least 25 
other governors have said they do not want Syrian refugees to come to their states. 
Then again, there is Wankel’s, a family- 
owned hardware store that opened on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in the 19th century. For decades, it has hired people who came to the United States fleeing violence 
and persecution. 
‘‘People coming from really bad situations, 
trying to make a better life in America,’’ said Sean Wankel, 32, vice president of Wankel’s. ‘‘Or a life.’’ 
The refugees come to Wankel’s through re-
settlement agencies like Catholic Charities or the International Rescue Committee and stay for a few months or years as they get their bearings in a new world. On a wall map, colored pins mark the three dozen countries from which the Wankel workers have come. 
Felix Royce, 39, started in the store two 
months ago. Like many before him, he is new to retail work; in Nigeria, he had been a pastor and an author. He said the picture on his book jacket made him a target of the Boko Haram, a murderous sect of anti-West-ern Islamists who rose in a swamp of official corruption and violence. Among Boko Haram’s infamous atrocities was the kidnap-ping of scores of schoolgirls in 2014. 
‘‘They organize mock street fights and 
send little kids with suicide bombs,’’ Mr. Royce said. ‘‘ISIS is more sensible than Boko Haram. You would have insiders, police offi-cers and politicians who collaborate with the Boko Haram. You didn’t know who to trust.’’ 
In fear of his life, he said, he made his way 
to Houston and applied for asylum, appear-ing without a lawyer three times in front of immigration judges before being formally admitted to the United States. He, his wife and their two children now live in the Bronx, aided by the International Rescue Com-mittee. 
‘‘I am sitting here,’’ he said, ‘‘trying to put 
my life together. We are just trying to find our feet.’’ 
Mr. Royce said he had been closely fol-
lowing the news of the attacks in Paris on Friday evening by bombers and gunmen con-nected to the Islamic State, also called ISIS or ISIL. 
A tiny fraction of the refugees leaving 
Syria have been permitted into the United States—fewer than nine a week between Oct. 1, 2011, and Sept. 30 of this year, a total of 1,854—as an estimated four million people fled the deteriorating nation. President Obama said the United States would accept 10,000 refugees from Syria in the coming fis-cal year. Republicans in Congress and in statehouses are objecting, saying that ter-rorists like those involved in the Paris at-tacks could camouflage themselves in the stream of legitimate refugees. 
Representative Paul D. Ryan, Republican 
of Wisconsin, the newly inaugurated House speaker, called for a ‘‘pause’’ in the refugee resettlement program. Mr. Christie, seeking the Republican presidential nomination, re-leased a letter he sent to the president. 
‘‘I write to inform you that I will not ac-
cept any refugees from Syria in the wake of the deadly terrorist attack in Paris,’’ he wrote, saying federal screening procedures were inadequate. ‘‘Neither you nor any fed-eral official can guarantee that Syrian refu-gees will not be part of any terroristic activ-ity.’’ 
New Yorkers might imagine police barri-
cades being set up around the World Trade Center on Sept. 11, 2001, to prevent people from fleeing the collapsing towers because no one could guarantee they would not be part of any future terroristic activity. 
It is not clear whether Mr. Christie or any 
other governor can refuse to ‘‘accept’’ refu-gees. As a practical matter, New Jersey does not have border controls, and probably could not set up traffic lanes for citizenship papers at places like the Lincoln Tunnel. 
Other Republican candidates, including 
Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush, said they would per-mit Christian refugees from Syria, but not Muslims. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30NO6.017 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8190 November 30, 2015 
At the hardware store where he has found 
work, in a city where he and his family have taken refuge, Mr. Royce was polite in assess-ing the proposed restrictions. 
‘‘Some people are saying, let them be, let 
them stay there,’’ he said. ‘‘I wouldn’t sub-scribe to that. There are innocent ones out there. This would mean there is no hope for them. If you screen, there are good ones among the bad. Everyone from Syria is not from ISIS. If you leave everybody, ISIS will take advantage of them.’’ 
Mr. Wankel was asked if his business had 
room for Syrian refugees. 
‘‘Certainly,’’ he said. ‘‘If they are coming 
through the International Rescue Committee or Catholic Charities, I’d do it. They have a tough life. If I was in Syria, I’d want to get the heck out.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, it is 
a story about a man named Sean Wankel. His family has owned a hard-ware store on the Upper East Side of Manhattan since the 19th century. For decades, the Wankel family has been hiring people who came to the United States to escape violence and persecu-tion—asylees and refugees. The owner of the store, Sean Wenkel, said: ‘‘Peo-ple coming from really bad situations, trying to make a better life in Amer-ica.’’ Wankel, of course, takes these refugees in to work in their store. They are referred to him by Catholic char-ities and the International Rescue Committee. They stay for a few months or years as they get their bear-ings in the new world. He has a wall map in the hardware store with colored pens marking three dozen countries from which these workers have come. 
The article goes on to tell the story 
of Felix Royce, who came to the United States a few months ago, from persecu-tion by terrorists in Nigeria, and got a job in this hardware store. 
It is interesting that for decades this 
man and his family have intentionally brought in these refugees and asylees and made them part of their business and life, while nearby, the Governor of New Jersey is quaking in his boots at the thought of a refugee coming into the State of New Jersey. What a con-trast. 
The gentleman at the hardware store 
said that it is not clear if the Repub-lican Governor of New Jersey even un-derstands who these people are. 
I will quote Mr. Royce from Nigeria 
again: 
Some people are saying, let them be, let 
them stay there. I wouldn’t subscribe to that. There are innocent ones out there. This would mean there is no hope for them. If you screen, there are good ones among the bad. Everyone from Syria is not from ISIS. If you leave everybody, ISIS will take advantage of them. 
It is hard for me to imagine some of 
the things that have been said recently by some of the Presidential candidates on the other side. It isn’t just a matter of turning away Syrian refugees even with the clearance practices we have, but some have gone to even more ex-treme statements, saying that we should never allow people of the Mus-lim religion to come to the United States or that they should somehow be identified in this country. If you are a 
student of history, you will know that kind of paranoia and that kind of prej-udice has exhibited itself many times in our history. We look back on it now not with pride but with sadness to think that we reached the point where we treated people that way. 
In May of 1939, when a shipload of 
Jews were trying to escape the Nazis in Germany—900 of them on the SS St. 
Louis —and came to Miami, they were 
turned away. They went back to Eu-rope. Two-hundred of those Jews per-ished in the Holocaust because they were turned away from the United States of America. And when Senator Robert Wagner of New York suggested that we allow 10,000 Jewish children to come to the United States to escape the Nazis, that was defeated in this Congress. There were Japanese intern-ment camps and other situations just like that—sad, fearful things that were done that we look back on now and say: We can’t repeat those mistakes. But the language that is coming out of many today is an echo of the past deci-sions—decisions we look back on now and say never again. Sadly, they are being suggested even today. 
Our first obligation is to keep Amer-
ica safe, and if we are going to do that, let’s look to things that truly do keep us safe. Let’s say that if you are on the terrorist watch list in the United States of America, you cannot legally purchase guns or explosives. That is not a radical idea; that is something we need to do to change the law. In-stead of focusing on 70,000 refugees who go through 2 years of background checks before they come here, let’s focus on the 20 million who visit the United States without visas each year from Europe and 38 countries around the world and make sure they have been carefully checked before they come to the United States. 
There are things we can do to keep 
America safe, but denying access to refugees who are suffering now with their children in the hopes of finding a safe place is not American. It is not who we are. It is not who we should be. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MACKENZIE BAKER 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize Mackenzie Baker, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Mackenzie is a graduate of Augusta 
Preparatory Day School in Augusta, GA. Currently, Mackenzie is attending American University, where she is a business and entertainment major. Mackenzie is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Mackenzie Baker for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to 
come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAROLINE CRINION 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize Caroline Crinion, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Caroline is a graduate of Brookings 
High School in Brookings, SD. Cur-rently, Caroline is attending George-town University, where she is majoring in international political economy. Caroline is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Caroline Crinion for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SETH GERBERDING 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize Seth Gerberding, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Seth is a graduate of Sturgis Brown 
High School in Sturgis, SD. Seth is planning on attending college next fall and majoring in math or political science. Seth is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Seth Gerberding for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY WRIGHT 
∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today 
I recognize Mary Wright, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Mary is a graduate of Walt Whitman 
High School in Bethesda, MD. Cur-rently, Mary is attending the Univer-sity of Maryland, where she is major-ing in communications. Mary is a dedi-cated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experi-ence. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Mary Wright for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO6.013 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8191 November 30, 2015 
States submitting sundry nominations 
which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT RELATIVE TO AN ALTER-
NATIVE PLAN FOR PAY IN-CREASES FOR CIVILIAN FED-ERAL EMPLOYEES COVERED BY THE GENERAL SCHEDULE AND CERTAIN OTHER PAY SYSTEMS IN JANUARY 2016—PM 33 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
I am transmitting an alternative 
plan for pay increases for civilian Fed-eral employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay sys-tems in January 2016. 
Title 5, United States Code, author-
izes me to implement alternative pay plans for pay increases for civilian Fed-eral employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay sys-tems if, because of ‘‘national emer-gency or serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare,’’ I view the adjustments that would otherwise take effect as inappropriate. 
Civilian Federal employees have al-
ready made significant sacrifices as a result of 3-year pay freeze that ended in January 2014. In January 2014 and again in January 2015, increases for ci-vilian Federal employees were limited to a 1.0 percent overall pay increase, an amount lower than the private sector pay increases and statutory formula for adjustments to the base General Schedule for 2014 and 2015. However, as the country’s economic recovery con-tinues, we must maintain efforts to keep our Nation on a sustainable fiscal course. This is an effort that continues to require tough choices. 
Under current law, locality pay in-
creases averaging 28.74 percent and costing $26 billion would go into effect in January 2016. Federal agency budg-ets cannot sustain such increases. Ac-cordingly, I have determined that under the authority of section 5304a of title 5, United States Code, locality- based comparability payments for the locality pay areas established by the President’s Pay Agent, in the amounts set forth in the attached table, shall become effective on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2016. These rates are based on an allocation of 0.3 per-cent of payroll as indicated in my Au-gust 28, 2015, alternative pay plan for adjustments to the base General Sched-ule. These decisions will not materially affect our ability to attract and retain 
a well-qualified Federal workforce. 
The adjustments described above 
shall take effect on the first applicable pay period beginning on or after Janu-ary 1, 2016. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , November 30, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on November 23, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) had signed the following en-
rolled bill: 
S. 599. An act to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstra-tion project. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:15 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3189. An act to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to establish requirements for pol-icy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish re-quirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) reported that he had signed the 
following enrolled bill, which was pre-viously signed by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ESSER ) of the House: 
S. 599. An act to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstra-tion project. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2329. A bill to prevent the entry of ex-
tremists into the United States under the refugee program, and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 1611. A bill to authorize appropriations 
for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 168). 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 1115. A bill to close out expired, empty 
grant accounts (Rept. No. 114–169). 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 2093. A bill to provide that the Secretary 
of Transportation shall have sole authority to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Directors of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (Rept. No. 114–170). 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment: 
S. 2128. A bill to require the Council of In-
spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency to submit to Congress a report on Inspector General mandates (Rept. No. 114–171). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. 
HATCH , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B LUNT , 
Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 2332. A bill to amend the National Child 
Protection Act of 1993 to establish a perma-nent background check system; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARDIN: 
S. 2333. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide taxpayer protec-tion and assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 2334. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to adopt and implement a standard identification protocol for use in the tracking and procurement of biological implants by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S HELBY , 
Mr. L EAHY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. R EID, Mr. C OCHRAN , 
and Mr. S ASSE): 
S. Res. 322. A resolution recognizing the 
60th anniversary of the refusal of Rosa Lou-ise Parks to give up her seat on a bus on De-cember 1, 1955; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 235, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 466 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 466, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to im-prove the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO6.001 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8192 November 30, 2015 
Medicaid and CHIP programs by devel-
oping maternity care quality measures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives. 
S. 542 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Maine 
(Ms. C OLLINS ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 542, a bill to enhance the home-land security of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 551 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 551, a bill to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney Gen-eral to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dan-gerous terrorists. 
S. 574 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 574, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow em-ployers a credit against income tax for employees who participate in qualified apprenticeship programs. 
S. 950 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 950, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a refundable adoption tax cred-it. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1512, a bill to eliminate discrimination and promote women’s health and eco-nomic security by ensuring reasonable workplace accommodations for work-ers whose ability to perform the func-tions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condi-tion. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1796 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1796, a bill to amend the Child Nu-trition Act of 1966 to increase the age of eligibility for children to receive benefits under the special supple-mental nutrition program for women, infants, and children and to allow States to certify infants for participa-tion in that program for a period of 2 years, and for other purposes. 
S. 1817 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. ERNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1817, a bill to improve the effectiveness of major rules in accomplishing their regulatory objectives by promoting retrospective review, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1818 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1818, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to reform the rule making process of agencies. 
S. 1820 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1820, a bill to require agencies to pub-lish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1865 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1865, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to eating disorders, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1919, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to protect rights of conscience with regard to requirements for cov-erage of specific items and services, to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activi-ties, and for other purposes. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1945, a bill to make available needed psychiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Re-membrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow cer-tain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2031, a bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for so-dium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. S. 2075 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2075, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-spon-sored health coverage and to express the sense of the Senate that the result-ing revenue loss should be offset. 
S. 2267 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2267, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to improve the fi-nancial aid process for homeless chil-dren and youths and foster care chil-dren and youth. 
S. 2295 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2295, a bill to extend the termination date for the authority to collect cer-tain records and make permanent the authority for roving surveillance and to treat individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978, and for other purposes. 
S. 2311 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2311, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression. 
S. 2323 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from 
Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) and the 
Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
2323, a bill to clarify the definition of nonimmigrant for purposes of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Hawaii 
(Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) and the Senator 
from Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Govern-ment of Iran’s state-sponsored persecu-tion of its Baha’i minority and its con-tinued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO6.009 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8193 November 30, 2015 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 322—RECOG-
NIZING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE REFUSAL OF ROSA LOU-ISE PARKS TO GIVE UP HER SEAT ON A BUS ON DECEMBER 1, 1955 
Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
S
ESSIONS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S HELBY , Mr. 
LEAHY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
NELSON , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
WARNER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K AINE, 
Mr. R EID, Mr. C OCHRAN , and Mr. S ASSE) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 322 
Whereas many historians date the begin-
ning of the modern civil rights movement in the United States as December 1, 1955; 
Whereas Rosa Louise McCauley Parks was 
born on February 4, 1913, in Tuskegee, Ala-bama, the first child of James and Leona (Edwards) McCauley; 
Whereas Rosa Louise Parks was arrested 
on December 1, 1955, in Montgomery, Ala-bama, for refusing to give up her seat on a bus to a Caucasian man, and her stand for equal rights became legendary; 
Whereas news of the arrest of Rosa Louise 
Parks resulted in approximately 42,000 Afri-can-Americans boycotting Montgomery buses for 381 days, beginning on December 5, 1955, until the bus segregation law was changed on December 21, 1956; 
Whereas the United States Supreme Court 
ruled on November 13, 1956, that the Mont-gomery segregation law was unconstitu-tional, and on December 20, 1956, Mont-gomery officials were ordered to desegregate buses; 
Whereas the civil rights movement led to 
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which broke down the barrier of legal discrimination against African-Americans; 
Whereas Rosa Louise Parks has been hon-
ored as the ‘‘first lady of civil rights’’ and the ‘‘mother of the freedom movement’’, and her quiet dignity ignited the most signifi-cant social movement in the history of the United States; 
Whereas Rosa Louise Parks was the recipi-
ent of many awards and accolades for her ef-forts on behalf of racial harmony, includ-ing— 
(1) the Congressional Gold Medal; (2) the Spingarn Award, which is the high-
est honor of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People for civil rights contributions; and 
(3) the Presidential Medal of Freedom, 
which is the highest civilian honor in the United States; 
Whereas Rosa Louise Parks was named 1 of 
the 20 most influential and iconic figures of the 20th century; 
Whereas Rosa Louise Parks sparked 1 of 
the largest movements in the United States against racial segregation, and by her quiet courage symbolizes all that is vital about nonviolent protest because of the way she endured threats of death and persisted as an advocate for the basic lessons she taught the people of the United States; 
Whereas Rosa Louise Parks and her hus-
band Raymond Parks relocated to Michigan in 1957, and remained in Michigan until the death of Rosa Louise Parks on October 24, 2005; 
Whereas, in November 2005, Congress au-
thorized the Joint Committee on the Library to procure a statue of Rosa Louise Parks to be placed in the Capitol; and 
Whereas the bus on which Rosa Louise 
Parks sparked a new era in the quest for freedom and equality in the United States 
is— 
(1) 1 of the most significant artifacts of the 
civil rights movement in the United States; and 
(2) on permanent display in the Henry Ford 
Museum in Dearborn, Michigan: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes and celebrates the 60th anni-
versary of the refusal of Rosa Louise Parks to give up her seat on a bus on December 1, 1955; 
(2) commemorates the legacy of Rosa Lou-
ise Parks to inspire all people of the United States to stand up for freedom and the prin-ciples of the Constitution; and 
(3) endeavors to work with the same cour-
age, dignity, and determination exemplified by a civil rights pioneer, Rosa Louise Parks, to address modern inequalities and injus-tices. 
Mr. DURBIN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will now proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, 2 
months ago I came to the Senate floor to urge the majority leader to schedule a vote on the nomination of Gayle Smith to serve as Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment, also known as USAID. Here we are, 7 months after the President nomi-nated her to fill this position. The Sen-ate will have a chance in a few minutes to vote on Gayle Smith’s nomination to head USAID. 
I fully expect that today’s vote will 
lead to her confirmation. We are wit-nessing a humanitarian crisis in Syria and across the Middle East that grows worse by the day, posing a risk to Eu-ropean stability and cohesion. Having someone at the head of USAID is abso-lutely critical. The United States, with our unparalleled capacity to mobilize 
international support for humanitarian relief, should continue to play a lead-ing role in assisting both Syrian refu-gees and the neighboring countries that are hosting them. 
Having an effective leader such as 
Gayle Smith at USAID is a critical part of that effort. Last month I had the opportunity to lead a delegation of three other Senators to Greece and Germany. Senator D
URBIN , Senator 
WARREN , Senator K LOBUCHAR , and I all 
went to see firsthand the plight of refu-gees from the war in Syria and the in-credible burden that both Greece and Germany are under as a result of these unprecedented refugee flows. 
Many of us—and we heard this when 
we were in Greece—believed that the rate of refugee arrivals would slow with the coming of cold weather. In fact, the exact opposite has happened, and the humanitarian situation has only become worse. 
Of course, USAID’s work is not only 
limited to the situation in Syria; it ex-tends to the 60 countries and regional USAID missions around the world, in-cluding in Afghanistan, where USAID development work is critical to the long-term success and security of that country. 
I am relieved that we are finally 
going to get to vote on Gayle Smith and that the majority has overcome the objections of the one Member who, for the last 7 months, has been holding up her nomination. That Member was willing to put at risk the massive in-vestment of resources the United States has made in Afghanistan and other parts of the world just to score political points on an issue that was completely outside of Gayle Smith’s portfolio at USAID. 
As things have moved on Gayle 
Smith, I am hoping this type of ob-struction is going to end, and we will soon vote not only on Ms. Smith’s nomination but also to confirm other critical national security nominees, es-pecially the pending Foreign Service nominations that have been approved by the Foreign Relations Committee and that could be voted on by the full Senate today. 
For example, in May the President 
nominated Tom Melia to be Assistant Administrator for USAID for Europe and Eurasia. This is a critical position not only because of the development work but because these are two regions that are under extreme pressure from Vladimir Putin. These regions would both benefit from USAID programs that would bolster their ability to act independently of Russian influence. Tom Melia is still unconfirmed, despite the fact that the Foreign Relations Committee approved his nomination in July. In addition, the nominee to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Sweden has been pending for over a year. Sweden has become a much more critical ally in terms of the refugee issue that Eu-rope is facing. The nominee to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Norway—again an-other critical ally—has been pending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO6.012 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8194 November 30, 2015 
since May. The nominee to serve as 
U.S. Ambassador to Mexico, a critical post for the United States, one of our neighbors and main allies in this hemi-sphere—these have all been pending since June. 
At a time when the world is facing 
national security challenges on a num-ber of fronts and nations are looking to the United States for leadership, we cannot afford to sideline ourselves by failing to confirm nominees for these diplomatic posts. 
I recognize Senator C
ORKER , the 
chairman of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee as well as his Demo-cratic counterpart, Senator C
ARDIN , 
who have worked very hard to secure the confirmation vote for Gayle Smith to serve as Administrator for USAID. I know we are working hard to get these other nominees to the floor, but at a time when our leadership is so impor-tant, when there are so many chal-lenges facing us around the world, to fail to have those key spokespeople for the United States in positions of so many critical situations is unaccept-able. We need to move these nominees. We need to continue the work of U.S. foreign policy. 
I am sure we will have a very broad 
bipartisan vote in support of Gayle Smith. What is unfortunate is that we couldn’t have done it 7 months ago when she passed through the com-mittee. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, first I 
thank Senator S
HAHEEN for her leader-
ship on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and for her leadership with regard to the nomination of Gayle Smith to be the Administrator of USAID. 
This is the U.S. Agency for Inter-
national Development. I mention that because we are talking about a na-tional security position. Our national security depends on having a strong military, but it also depends upon hav-ing a strong position in international development assistance in dealing with our diplomacy. The director of USAID is a critical member of our national se-curity team. 
We couldn’t have a stronger person 
for that position than Gayle Smith. I wholeheartedly support her confirma-tion. 
I thank Senator C
ORKER , the chair-
man of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, for the manner in which this nomination has been brought for-ward. He has been a strong proponent of Gayle Smith, and I thank him very much for his help in getting this nomi-nation to the floor. 
I said that I couldn’t find a stronger 
person to fill this position. She is cur-rently a Special Assistant to the Presi-dent and Senior Director at the Na-tional Security Council, where she is responsible for global development, de-mocracy, and humanitarian assistance issues. She was previously a senior fel-low at the Center for American 
Progress, cochair of the Enough Project, and the cofounder of the Mod-ernizing Foreign Assistance Network. During the Clinton administration, Gayle Smith served as the Special As-sistant to the President and Senior Di-rector for African Affairs at the NSC, so she has broad experience over a long career in Foreign Service and in serv-ing in regard to development assist-ance issues. 
For over 37 years of her professional 
career she has served in Egypt, Sudan, Ethiopia, and Eritrea. She has worked as a journalist and as a consultant to aid groups. She has worked as a senior adviser to the Administrator and Chief of Staff for USAID/East Africa. She has served twice on the National Security Council as Special Assistant to the President. She has been hailed as a strong and effective advocate on global development issues. She was voted out of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, on which I serve as a ranking member, by a unanimous vote. I am very pleased that we are now able to vote tonight for her confirmation to be the Administrator of the USAID. 
I have already pointed out that this 
is a position critically important to our national security, but let me also point out that the world is facing a host of humanitarian crises—including food insecurity and displacement in Syria, the Europe migration crisis, the Rohingya refugee crisis of Southeast Asia, and the millions of people who are displaced and starving in South Sudan, which require American leader-ship and assistance. 
Growing humanitarian needs world-
wide are outstripping available re-sources. The Administrator of USAID is a key leadership post in the effort of the United States to shape the world’s reaction to crisis and instability. 
I would go into a bit of detail on just 
one of the crises that the Adminis-trator of USAID faces so that everyone can truly understand the scale we are talking about. As a result of the war in South Sudan, 1.5 million people are in-ternally displaced. More than 730,000 have crossed borders into Sudan, Ethi-opia, and Uganda as refugees. The num-ber of people facing severe food insecu-rity has almost doubled since the start of the year, from 2.5 million to an esti-mated 4.6 million people, including ap-proximately 874,000 children under the age of 5. This is just one example and I could give you many more examples why it is critically important that we have a confirmed Administrator for USAID. 
Gayle Smith is the right person for 
the right time to serve our country. I encourage my colleagues to support her nomination. This is a person who will serve our country, continue to 
serve our country well, and I am proud to support her. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar Nos. 387, 388, 390, 391, and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; 
and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
COAST GUARD  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the grade indicated to the United States Coast Guard under title 14, U.S.C., section 271(d): 
To be rear admiral 
Peter J. Brown 
Scott A. Buschman Michael F. McAllister June E. Ryan Joseph M. Vojvodich 
AIR FORCE  
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Robert J. Becklund 
ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Arlen R. Royalty 
NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Michelle C. Skubic 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
AIR FORCE  
PN807 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-
ning DONNETTE A. BOYD, and ending PAUL D. SUTTER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN810 AIR FORCE nominations (37) begin-
ning MARIA J. BELMONTE, and ending DEVERIL A. WINT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN923 AIR FORCE nomination of Alan D. 
Murdock, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 28, 2015. 
ARMY  
PN856 ARMY nomination of David M. 
Jackson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\NOV 2015\S30NO5.REC S30NO5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8195 November 30, 2015 
PN905 ARMY nomination of Tarnjit S. 
Saini, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Oc-tober 8, 2015. 
PN924 ARMY nominations (16) beginning 
OLGA M. ANDERSON, and ending ERIC W. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of October 28, 2015. 
PN925 ARMY nominations (17) beginning 
JIMMY C. DAVIS, JR., and ending ROBERT E. WICHMAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 28, 2015. 
PN926 ARMY nomination of Spencer T. 
Price, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Oc-tober 28, 2015. 
NAVY  
PN907 NAVY nomination of Jessica L. 
Morera, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 8, 2015. 
PN908 NAVY nomination of Kari J. 
Tereick, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 8, 2015. 
PN928 NAVY nominations (52) beginning 
JOSHUA C. ANDRES, and ending BETHANY R. ZMITROVICH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 28, 2015. 
PN929 NAVY nomination of Calvin M. Fos-
ter, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Oc-tober 28, 2015. 
PN930 NAVY nomination of Tara A. Feher, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Octo-ber 28, 2015. 
f 
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PAY-
MENTS IN EUGENICS COMPENSA-TION ACT 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, as in 
legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 139, S. 1698. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1698) to exclude payments from 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1698) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1698 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Treatment 
of Certain Payments in Eugenics Compensa-tion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCLUSION OF PAYMENTS FROM STATE 
EUGENICS COMPENSATION PRO-GRAMS FROM CONSIDERATION IN DETERMINING ELIGIBILITY FOR, OR THE AMOUNT OF, FEDERAL PUBLIC BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, payments made under a State eugenics compensation program 
shall not be considered as income or re-sources in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, any Federal public benefit. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
(1) F EDERAL PUBLIC BENEFIT .—The term 
‘‘Federal public benefit’’ means— 
(A) any grant, contract, loan, professional 
license, or commercial license provided by an agency of the United States or by appro-priated funds of the United States; and 
(B) any retirement, welfare, health, dis-
ability, public or assisted housing, postsec-ondary education, food assistance, unem-ployment benefit, or any other similar ben-efit for which payments or assistance are provided to an individual, household, or fam-ily eligibility unit by an agency of the United States or by appropriated funds of the United States. 
(2) S
TATE EUGENICS COMPENSATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘State eugenics compensa-
tion program’’ means a program established by State law that is intended to compensate individuals who were sterilized under the au-thority of the State. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE REFUSAL OF ROSA LOUISE PARKS TO GIVE UP HER SEAT ON A BUS 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, as in 
legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 322, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 322) recognizing the 
60th anniversary of the refusal of Rosa Lou-ise Parks to give up her seat on a bus on De-cember 1, 1955. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 322) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
DECEMBER 1, 2015 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, December 1; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-
ings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned immediately following the resumption of legislative session upon disposition of the Smith nomination. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
VOTE ON SMITH NOMINATION  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I yield 
back. 
Mr. CARDIN. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the Smith nomina-tion? 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the 
Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CRUZ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. 
FLAKE ), the Senator from South Caro-
lina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Mr. J OHNSON ), the Senator 
from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the 
Senator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), 
the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 79, 
nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 310 Ex.] 
YEAS—79 
Alexander 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper 
Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Daines Donnelly Durbin 
Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO6.016 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8196 November 30, 2015 
Hirono 
Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski 
Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions 
Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—7 
Blunt 
Crapo Heller Lee 
Paul Risch Sasse 
NOT VOTING—14 
Ayotte 
Burr Cruz Flake Graham Johnson 
Kirk McCain Portman Rubio Sanders 
Shelby Tillis Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:14 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, December 1, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
STEVEN NATHAN BERK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM 
OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE HAROLD L. CUSHENBERRY, JR., RETIRING. 
ELIZABETH CARROLL WINGO, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE ANN O’REGAN KEARY, RE-SIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KENNETH T. BIBB, JR. COL. ANGELA M. CADWELL COL. MARTIN A. CHAPIN COL. JAMES R. CLUFF COL. CHARLES S. CORCORAN COL. SEAN M. FARRELL COL. CHAD P. FRANKS COL. ALEXUS G. GRYNKEWICH COL. TIMOTHY D. HAUGH COL. CHRISTOPHER D. HILL COL. ERIC T. HILL COL. SAMUEL C. HINOTE COL. WILLIAM G. HOLT II COL. LINDA S. HURRY COL. MATTHEW C. ISLER COL. KYLE J. KREMER COL. JOHN C. KUBINEC COL. DOUGLAS K. LAMBERTH COL. LANCE K. LANDRUM COL. JEANNIE M. LEAVITT COL. WILLIAM J. LIQUORI, JR. COL. MICHAEL J. LUTTON COL. COREY J. MARTIN COL. TOM D. MILLER COL. RICHARD G. MOORE, JR. COL. JAMES D. PECCIA III COL. HEATHER L. PRINGLE COL. MICHAEL J. SCHMIDT COL. JAMES R. SEARS, JR. COL. DANIEL L. SIMPSON COL. MARK H. SLOCUM COL. ROBERT S. SPALDING III COL. WILLIAM A. SPANGENTHAL COL. EDWARD W. THOMAS, JR. COL. JOHN T. WILCOX II COL. MICHAEL P. WINKLER 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate November 30, 2015: 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
GAYLE SMITH, OF OHIO, TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVEL-OPMENT. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED TO THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(D): 
To be rear admiral 
PETER J. BROWN SCOTT A. BUSCHMAN MICHAEL F. MCALLISTER JUNE E. RYAN JOSEPH M. VOJVODICH 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROBERT J. BECKLUND 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ARLEN R. ROYALTY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MICHELLE C. SKUBIC 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DONNETTE 
A. BOYD AND ENDING WITH PAUL D. SUTTER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 9, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARIA J. 
BELMONTE AND ENDING WITH DEVERIL A. WINT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 9, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ALAN D. MURDOCK, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID M. JACKSON, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF TARNJIT S. SAINI, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH OLGA M. ANDER-
SON AND ENDING WITH ERIC W. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON OCTOBER 28, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JIMMY C. DAVIS, 
JR. AND ENDING WITH ROBERT E. WICHMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON OCTOBER 28, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF SPENCER T. PRICE, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF JESSICA L. MORERA, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF KARI J. TEREICK, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSHUA C. AN-
DRES AND ENDING WITH BETHANY R. ZMITROVICH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON OC-TOBER 28, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF CALVIN M. FOSTER, TO BE CAP-
TAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF TARA A. FEHER, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A30NO6.015 S30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1671 November 30, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN A. WESTMORELAND 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, on 
November 19, 2015, the House of Represent-atives considered H.R. 4038, the American Security Against Foreign Enemies (SAFE) Act. Regrettably, I was unable to be present for the vote. However, had I been present, I would have supported the final passage of H.R. 4038. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NEW ORLEANS MUSICAL LEG-END ALLEN TOUSSAINT 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Mr. Allen Toussaint, ac-complished American producer, musician, songwriter and one of the most talented and prolific New Orleans musicians of my lifetime. Mr. Toussaint passed away on November 10, 2015, at the age of 77. 
Mr. Toussaint was born in 1938 and grew 
up in the Gert Town neighborhood of New Or-leans, Louisiana. As a child, he learned to play the piano through informal lessons from an elderly neighbor and picked up melodies from the radio. During his teen years in the 1950s, Mr. Toussaint performed with Earl King’s band standing in for Huey ‘‘Piano’’ Smith. The experience launched his music ca-reer when he caught the attention of Fats Domino producer Dave Bartholomew. Mr. Toussaint first recorded in 1957 as a stand-in pianist for Fats Domino on the record, ‘‘I Want You to Know.’’ 
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, Mr. Tous-
saint was a remarkably influential songwriter and producer. He played piano and wrote, ar-ranged and produced a series of hits including records like Lee Dorsey’s ‘‘Working in the Coal Mine,’’ and Jessie Hill’s ‘‘Ooh Poo Pah Doo.’’ As his sound got funkier into the 70s, he wrote songs such as ‘‘Southern Nights,’’ and produced Labelle’s, ‘‘Lady Marmalade.’’ 
Mr. Toussaint’s creativity was inspired by 
the city of New Orleans, but his impact spread beyond the Big Easy and the R&B genre. World famous rock bands, including the Roll-ing Stones, the Who and the Hollies, covered his song ‘‘Fortune Teller.’’ Mr. Toussaint also collaborated with numerous renowned musi-cians, including Elvis Costello and Paul McCartney. 
In 1998, Mr. Toussaint was inducted into the 
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Following the de-struction caused by Hurricane Katrina, he wrote ‘‘The River in Reverse,’’ which was nominated for a Grammy. In 2009 Mr. Tous-saint received a Trustees Award Grammy, and 
he was awarded the National Medal of Arts in 2013. 
Mr. Toussaint is described as a soft-spoken 
embodiment of New Orleans music’s rich his-tory. Tributes have flowed in from around the world since the death of the R&B legend, evoking words of condolences for his family and praise for his work from artists as diverse as Jimmy Buffett, the Soul Rebels, Paul McCartney, Lenny Kravitz, and the Rolling Stones. 
Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy 
of Mr. Toussaint, master craftsman of 20th- century American culture. His music will for-ever be ingrained in the culture and soul of New Orleans and this country. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 3608 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to advocate 
for a bill I introduced, H.R. 3608, which would right a wrong that has impacted over 750 busi-nesses in the United States, including in my home state of Ohio, for more than three years. My bill simply clarifies that the tax on commer-cial air transportation, also called the ‘‘ticket tax,’’ doesn’t apply to aircraft management services (AMS) for general aviation flights that don’t use tickets. 
Aviation has been a source of pride and 
jobs for Ohio ever since the Wright Brothers invented and built their aircraft in the state. Ohioans build aircraft engines, supply alu-minum for aircraft frames, design and manu-facture sophisticated avionics, and maintain and fly the planes in the largest business air-craft fleets in the country. All across America, thousands of companies use general aviation and aircraft management services to help en-sure the safe and efficient operation of their aircraft. 
In March 2012, the Internal Revenue Serv-
ice’s chief counsel released a memorandum stating that services provided in support of aviation are taxable as if the services are transportation itself. The IRS said that the tick-et tax applies to AMS businesses that supply pilots, mechanics, maintenance, scheduling and navigation, and the other services pro-vided to general aviation flights, and that is contradictory to Congressional intent. 
For decades it has been clear that commer-
cial aviation is required to pay the ticket tax, while general aviation pays the fuel tax. Con-gress noted this in the Airports and Airways Revenue Act of 1970, when it stated that ‘‘the fuel tax on general aviation is a measure of its use of the airway system, since general avia-tion . . . will not be subject to the passenger and cargo taxes.’’ However, the chief counsel of the IRS ignored this simple statement and seeks to impose a tax where Congress ex-pressly chose not to apply one. Additionally, general aviation already pays taxes through 
the excise tax on fuel. The fuel tax is paid into the Airports and Airways Trust Fund to pay for runway maintenance and improvement and air traffic control. 
The IRS can implement the tax laws, but it 
can’t create a new tax. The IRS cannot man-date that general aviation pay the ticket tax after Congress expressly chose not to apply the tax to general aviation or AMS that help people fly their own airplane. AMS are not transportation, but rather services in support of transportation, and thus should not be taxed as transportation. For more than three years, AMS companies have tried to explain that to the IRS, but the IRS has refused to acknowl-edge their mistake and withdraw their opinion. 
Meanwhile, businesses have been audited 
by the IRS and told they owe taxes based on the IRS memorandum. Many AMS companies are small businesses who cannot afford to wage multi-year arguments with the IRS. Re-cently the U.S. District Court in Columbus, Ohio, decided a case to prevent the IRS from collecting this tax. The court’s decision states that the IRS did not provide ‘‘precise and not speculative notice’’ of an AMS company’s po-tential obligation to collect the ticket tax from its customers. I’m pleased the court got it right, but if the IRS won’t correct its mistake, it’s time for Congress to do it for them, and in a way that will last. That’s why my bill pro-vides clarity that payments for AMS are ex-empt from the ticket tax. I hope my colleagues will join me in support of the bill to ensure its prompt enactment. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF REVEREND 
MICHAEL C. M CCARTHY, S.J. 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the work of Father Michael C. McCar-thy, S.J. and wish him every blessing as he begins a new and challenging chapter in his life. 
Father McCarthy, known affectionately to all 
as ‘‘Father Mick’’ has served with great dis-tinction as Edmund Campion University Pro-fessor at Santa Clara University and Executive Director of the University’s Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education for five years. In January, 2016, Father McCarthy will begin a new ca-reer at Fordham University as Vice President for Mission Integration and Planning and as Presidential Assistant for Planning. 
Father McCarthy was born on July 20, 1964 
in San Francisco, was raised in the City of St. Francis, and is the youngest of six children. He is a graduate of St. Ignatius College Prep in San Francisco where he received the Ignatian Award. He began his college career at Stanford University, but after entering the Jesuit Novitiate a year later he continued his education at Santa Clara University. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30NO8.001 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1672 November 30, 2015 
earned his Master of Divinity at the Jesuit 
School of Theology in Berkeley, his BA/MA in Philosophy and Classical Literature at Oxford University, and his Ph.D. at the University of Notre Dame. He took his First Vows in Au-gust, 1985, was ordained Deacon in March 1996, Presbyter in June 1996, and served as House Consultor of the Jesuit Community from 2007 to 2010. 
During Father McCarthy’s stellar years at 
Santa Clara he founded the ‘‘Thriving Neigh-bors Initiative’’, a community based program that serves low income minorities by providing university students to mentor and tutor ele-mentary school children and their parents. He was also Director of the Catholic Studies Pro-gram and Associate Professor with a joint ap-pointment in the Religious Studies and Classics Departments. He has published countless articles and book chapters and has made numerous presentations, most of them in his chosen research areas of early Christi-anity, early Biblical exegesis, St. Augustine, and early asceticism and spirituality. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-
resentatives to join me in honoring Father Mi-chael McCarthy for his extraordinary leader-ship at Santa Clara University and wishing him well in his new position at Fordham University where he will undoubtedly have an exceed-ingly bright future. Santa Clara’s great loss is Fordham’s enormous gain. California, and es-pecially Father McCarthy’s 95-year-old mother, will miss him greatly, but his star is bright enough to shine on all of us from wherever he is. 
f 
AMERICAN SECURITY AGAINST 
FOREIGN ENEMIES ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I stand 
in strong solidarity with our brothers and sis-ters in France. I join them in their grief over the tragic events of November 13, I keep them in my thoughts and prayers, and I hope that their healing will soon begin. 
In the wake of the heinous attacks in Paris 
and across the world, I stand here today in strong opposition to H.R. 4038, the so-called American SAFE Act. As the Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Sub-committee, my top priority is to keep the American people safe. Toward that end, our nation’s current review system for refugees is extensive and rigorous. Refugees are required to wait overseas for at least 18 to 24 months before they can be admitted into our country, and they enter only if they meet all vetting re-quirements. The current process checks bio-graphical and biometric data against law en-forcement and intelligence databases, and there is no waiver for any part of the process. 
H.R. 4038 seeks to exploit the understand-
able fear that some Americans feel by effec-tively shutting down the refugee resettlement program for Syrian and Iraqi nationals, pos-sibly for years, until a new vetting process is established. The passage of this bill will effec-tively close our doors to people seeking refuge from barbaric attacks like those that were committed in Paris. I support looking for ways to strengthen the 
screening process our nation currently has in place. However, strengthening our refugee screening process does not mean we must turn our back on some of the globe’s most vul-nerable people, especially women and chil-dren. That would go against our American val-ues and weaken our standing among our al-lies. This includes France, which, in spite of the horrors it experienced in Paris, has pledged to take in 30,000 refugees. 
The United States has been built by people 
of many nations, races, and faiths, who fled hunger and persecution in search of a better life in America. We have a long history of wel-coming the tired, the poor, and the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. For cen-turies, America has been a beacon of light and hope for those in need. Let us not dim that light in the face of fear. Let us not block the refuge that our nation can provide to the men, women, and children who suffer at the hands of extremist regimes. Let us embrace the maxim that our French brothers and sis-ters have shared with the world, one that ex-emplifies three universal values of humanity: 
Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity. 
I urge all Members to oppose this bill. 
f 
AMERICAN SECURITY AGAINST 
FOREIGN ENEMIES ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, as a 
lawmaker who has dedicated the last 12 years to working on issues of national security, I have spent thousands of hours in classified briefings on threats both domestic and abroad. I have traveled to dozens of terrorism hotspots around the globe, meeting with foreign dig-nitaries and our intelligence workers on the front lines. No one more strongly believes that our first and most important responsibility is the protection of all Americans. We must al-ways scrutinize any foreigner who wants to enter our country for any reason. 
Today, the highest level of security screen-
ing of any category traveler or immigrant be-longs to refugees. Those screenings involve health checks, biometric tests to confirm iden-tity and multiple layers of background checks along with in-person interviews by specially trained Department of Homeland Security offi-cers. The process involves not only DHS but the National Counterterrorism Center, the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center, the State Department and the Department of Defense, each of which must certify the refugee’s status at every stage. If a refugee’s background or identity cannot be confirmed at any point, their application ends. 
Syrian refugees receive an additional layer 
of screening, culminating in a process that usually takes 18 to 24 months before they set foot on U.S. soil, if they are even approved. 
As a security expert, I know that most ter-
rorists already live in the U.S. or they come via illegal means. But it would be far easier for terrorists to enter the country legally on a tour-ist visa or through the visa waiver program if they are citizens of eligible nations, including France and Belgium, which is where the Paris attackers were citizens. It is important to note that the legislation 
under consideration in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives applies only to Syrian and Iraqi refugees—but not refugees from other coun-tries with known terror networks including Yemen, Nigeria and Afghanistan. 
I am not convinced this bill would protect 
our country from foreign enemies any more than existing processes and procedures. Since 2001, only about 2,200 Syrian refugees have been admitted to the United States. Half are children and another quarter is over the age of 60. These refugees are victims of the same terrorists we are trying to defeat. Banning them would not only do nothing to strengthen our national security, it would fuel the anti- American sentiment that strengthens ISIS. The best way to address the refugee crisis is by removing the threat. 
For these reasons, I oppose the American 
SAFE Act of 2015 and support the Secure Refugee Process Act of 2015. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SUE CURRIN 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Sue Currin for her 34 years of exemplary serv-ice at San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Center, the last six years as Chief Ex-ecutive Officer. Ms. Currin has dedicated her life and career to providing every member of our community with quality health care. 
Thanks to Ms. Currin’s innovative and 
steadfast leadership, San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Center today is the sole provider of trauma and emergency psychiatric care for the City and County of San Francisco serving a diverse patient population and offer-ing a wide spectrum of inpatient and out-patient services. The medical center serves about 100,000 patients a year and provides 20 percent of the city’s inpatient care. 
Ms. Currin secured $6 million in grant fund-
ing for a nursing internship program, a medi-cation error reduction project, patient safety initiatives, and a transportation from hospital to home program. She was also essential in de-veloping the Acute Care for the Elderly unit. That unit improves patient outcomes and sat-isfaction while shortening hospital stays and reducing nursing home admissions. Additional major achievements were the development of the first Palliative Care Program for San Fran-cisco’s underserved and the Lean Manage-ment System at the hospital. And most re-cently, Ms. Currin succeeded in starting con-struction of an acute care building that is ex-pected to open in the spring of 2016. This new facility will be equipped with the most ad-vanced technology that will give every San Franciscan access to the best available healthcare. It will truly be an example of a state-of-the-art 21st century hospital and an enduring reminder of all the amazing work she has done. 
I deeply admire Sue Currin’s perseverance, 
vision and dedication to others. She started at General Hospital as a student nurse in 1975 and rose through the ranks of staff nurse, nurse educator, Director of Staff Development and Quality Management, Chief Nursing Offi-cer/Chief Operating Officer and finally CEO. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30NO8.004 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1673 November 30, 2015 
She also worked at Kaiser Permanente for 
three years where she was responsible for quality management, medical staff services, infection control, medical record, member services and risk management over four med-ical centers. Quality control is part of Ms. Currin’s DNA and inactivity alien to her char-acter. 
While Ms. Currin held one of the most de-
manding jobs in the health care profession, she made time to serve on several boards and committees, including the Hospital Councils of San Francisco and Northern and Central Cali-fornia, the American Hospital Association, the California Association of Public Hospitals, America’s Essential Hospitals Education Com-mittee and CareForce. As you can see from this list, Ms. Currin invented multitasking. 
As the daughter of a military family Sue 
Currin grew up traveling the world. After her older brother was born in Japan, her parents were transferred to Hamilton Air Force Base in California where she was born. The family then moved to France where her sister was born. From there it was back to the U.S., Illi-nois and again California. She attended Amer-ican River Community College, Tacoma Com-munity College in Washington, graduated with a BA in Science in Nursing from San Fran-cisco State University and then with a Mas-ter’s of Science in Nursing from the University of California, San Francisco. 
She and her husband of 34 years, Manny 
Ungson, have two successful and wonderful sons, Justin and Adam Currin Ungson. In her well-deserved retirement, Ms. Currin will finally have more time to quilt and to cook with her family, her favorite pastimes. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to rise with me to honor Sue Currin, an outstanding hospital leader who has shaped the health care landscape of San Francisco and the Bay Area. Her tireless efforts to im-prove the lives of others and her contributions to the city will be felt for decades to come. 
f 
HONORING ARTSWESTCHESTER 
50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, organizations that 
celebrate and promote the arts are an invalu-able part of any great community. For 50 years, ArtsWestchester has connected the en-tire Westchester community with the arts through incredible exhibitions, programming, events, and initiatives for people of all ages. Their value to our local communities and neighborhoods cannot be understated. 
Founded in 1965, ArtsWestchester in the 
largest private, not-for-profit arts council in New York State, and a recognized leader among arts councils nationwide. The ArtsWestchester mission is to provide leader-ship, vision, and support to the local arts scene, while ensuring the availability, accessi-bility, and diversity of the arts in Westchester. Every year, ArtsWestchester distributes over $1 million in grants to artists and arts organi-zations, and markets the arts for over 150 cul-tural organizations and 1,000 artists on their website, as well as in their monthly publica-tion, ArtsNews. ArtsWestchester also owns and operates 
the Arts Exchange, a historic landmark build-ing on Mamaroneck Avenue in White Plains, which serves as a haven for local artists to create, perform, rehearse, and showcase their work. The building is constantly humming with activity; and epitomizes exactly what ArtsWestchester is all about. 
In addition to the cultural impact, Arts West-
chester has also had a profound economic im-pact on the area. In 2010 alone, the arts in Westchester accounted for over $156.44 mil-lion in economic activity, due in no small part to the work of ArtsWestchester. The combina-tion of economic growth and cultural artistry is a powerful one, and its positive affect on the entire region has been felt as a result. 
On November 20, 2015 ArtsWestchester is 
celebrating its 50th Anniversary Gala. I want to congratulate the entire organization on the occasion, and thank them for all of their great contributions to Westchester. 
f 
HONORING DOUG GLAESER 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor the long career of public service pro-vided by an outstanding constituent from my district, Doug Glaeser, who has served the San Gabriel Valley and the students, profes-sors, and staff of Cal Poly Pomona University with distinction as the Director of Government affairs and a Political Science Professor for the past 30 years. 
Doug has been an invaluable resource to 
me and my staff, and will be truly missed. He has assisted my office in connecting profes-sors and students with government officials to research and find solutions for challenges fac-ing our state and nation. 
Doug has organized multiple water con-
ferences that I have held at Cal Poly which have led to University researchers working with water agencies and policy makers to im-prove water conservation for residents, busi-nesses, and agriculture. He also facilitated workforce development programs to improve the current and next generation of our water workforce. 
Doug has also established partnerships be-
tween Cal Poly and the Air Force that have created applied educational experiences for students to prepare them for careers in the public and private aerospace industry. He was successful in working with our office to garner $5 million in federal funding to improve the Engineering Department’s Aerospace Labora-tories. These laboratories have led to ex-panded educational opportunities for students, improved research capabilities for professors, and modeling and simulation assistance for the Air Force. 
Doug’s work has not been limited to the bet-
terment of Cal Poly alone; he has been a strong advocate for the California State Uni-versity system as well as all higher edu-cational institutions in California. He has been a leader in opening up opportunities for Latino students and Hispanic-Serving Institutions by advocating for legislation that seeks to im-prove federal programs which target edu-cational opportunities for Hispanic students in the Agricultural, Natural Resources, and Mili-
tary sectors. 
Mr. Speaker, I would also note that outside 
of his job at Cal Poly, Doug volunteers much of his time to organizing, managing, and offici-ating swimming and water polo competitions throughout the state of California. His commit-ment to improving both the academic and ath-letic pursuits of our students is exemplary. 
Doug’s accomplishments for our community 
are a product of the kindness, knowledge, humor and enthusiasm that he exudes every day. We will miss Doug’s visits to my office and his bright smile, his warm greeting to ev-eryone in the office, and the delicious avoca-dos he brings from the Cal Poly Farm Store. 
Doug’s proudest achievement is the suc-
cess of his children Kimberley, Kevin and Daniel, and his grandson Alex. I have been particularly fortunate to get to know Kimberley, as she was an intern in my office and has gone on to serve our country as a Naval Avi-ator. I was honored to join Doug and his fam-ily at Kimberley’s winging ceremony early this year in Pensacola, FL. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of the 
San Gabriel Valley, and the Cal Poly Pomona community, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Doug Glaeser on his retirement, and thanking him for his long career of public service to Cal Poly Pomona, the State of Cali-fornia and our nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
641 on final passage of H.R. 3189, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015, I would have voted aye, which is con-sistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOE DORSEY 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Mr. Joe Dorsey on the occasion of his 80th birthday. Mr. Dorsey has had an incredible ca-reer in sports and serving his community. 
Joe was born in 1935, in Waco, Texas, to 
Charlie and Aldora Dorsey. He had five sis-ters: Ollie, Charlie, Alta, Evelyn, and Loretta. In 1945, his family moved to California and settled in Albany. His father later opened and operated Dorsey’s Locker, a popular neighbor-hood restaurant and bar in Oakland. It was more than a social hotspot but a haven that provided jobs for members of the community for nearly 60 years. 
From 1948 to 1954, Joe attended Albany 
High School where he was a three-sport letterman. He led Albany High to four basket-ball and three baseball championships. During his senior year, he served as captain of both teams and was selected to the all-league teams to play both sports. 
Joe graduated from Albany High School in 
1954 and enrolled in Contra Costa Junior Col-lege, where he continued to play basketball 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30NO8.003 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1674 November 30, 2015 
and baseball. During his freshman year, the 
baseball team won the Junior College State Championship and the basketball team won the conference championship. His leadership and talent on the field led to his signing with the Cincinnati Reds in 1957, but a shoulder in-jury ended his career after playing with the team for only two years. Albany High School and Contra Costa Junior College later in-ducted Joe into the Hall of Fame. Albany High School also honored him as their ‘‘Athlete of the Century’’. 
Joe married his high school sweetheart 
Bettye Willis in 1957 but they divorced in 1979. He later met Corrine Tucker and mar-ried her in 1984. From his unions, seven chil-dren were born: Adrianna, Doreen, Richard, Mitchell, Bruce, Tashia, and Jamareia. 
Committed to the continued success of the 
family business, Joe became a partner in 1996, working tirelessly to ensure its success. For more than forty years, Dorsey’s Locker continued to grow and thrive in the Oakland community, even providing jobs to community members in need. It was extremely popular for its live music performances and open mic nights until its doors closed in 2015. It was a vital community institution where lively discus-sion and important events took place. 
On a personal note, I have known Joe for 
many years. He and Dorsey’s Locker have been a part of my public and private life, sup-porting all of my efforts in extraordinary ways. Joe has been a true friend to me, my sisters Mildred and Beverly, and my late beloved mother, Mildred Massey. For this, we are deeply grateful. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict celebrates the extraordinary life and serv-ice of Mr. Joe Dorsey. I wish him continued success, happiness, and well-being for many years to come. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF LOTTIE 
ALBERT’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
wish my very dear friend Lottie Albert a happy 100th birthday. Lottie was born on December 25, 1915 to Eva and Louis Wernick in New York City. Twenty-one years later, Lottie mar-ried Sol Albert and the two enjoyed 55 years of marriage, and have two lovely daughters, Harriet and Doreen. Lottie is the grandmother to Eric, Glenn, and Lowell, as well as a great- grandmother to Kyle, Samantha, Heather, and Seth. 
Lottie has been a resident and community 
leader of Broward County for over 40 years. I am truly grateful for her selflessness and tire-less service. 
In 1988, she was inducted into the Area 
Agency on Aging’s Dr. Nan S. Hutchinson Broward Senior Hall of Fame. Additionally, Broward County honored Lottie in 2005 by de-claring November 12th as ‘‘Lottie Albert Ap-preciation Day.’’ In 2012, Lottie was inducted into the Broward County Women’s Hall of Fame for her work with the Ann Storck Chil-dren’s Center, the Elderly Interest Fund’s MEDIVAN Program, and the Alzheimer’s Fam-ily Center. It has been my honor to witness Lottie’s 
commitment and passion for serving her com-munity. Her civic engagement is an example to us all. I have enjoyed a personal friendship with Lottie over many years, and look forward to celebrating her birthday with her on Decem-ber 5th in Sunrise, Florida. 
Mr. Speaker, on the momentous occasion, 
please join me in wishing Lottie Albert a happy and wonderful 100th birthday. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ABBIE LOU 
HAMPTON MARTIN 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Abbie Lou Hampton Martin for her ex-emplary service to the East St. Louis, Illinois community. 
Mrs. Martin served on the St. Clair County 
Mental Health Board for over 20 years. She was the chairman and leading fundraiser of the Mental Health Fundraiser Initiative. Addi-tionally, she was the first African American woman to serve as the Physical Education Su-pervisor for the East St. Louis School District Number 189. 
Mrs. Martin is also the only surviving charter 
member of the East St. Louis Chapter of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority. She was initiated into the Alpha Nu Chapter in 1937 at the Uni-versity of Illinois Urban and served as its president from 1946 to 1947. 
She has always been active with the soror-
ity since its founding 79 years ago. She has served on numerous committees throughout her long and service-filled career as a member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority. 
In 2011, Mrs. Martin was honored for her 
service with the Wise Owl Award, an award given to those who have displayed out-standing service and commitment to their community. 
On February 12, 2016, Abbie Lou Hampton 
Martin will celebrate her 100th birthday. I ask you to join me in both wishing her a happy birthday and thanking her for her many dec-ades of dedicated service to the East St. Louis community. 
f 
HONORING ERIC POLLARD 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Eric Pollard, a true public servant whose leadership, loyalty, and dedication to his work has left an indelible mark on the Yon-kers Public School System. 
Teachers, administrators coworkers and 
parents all have wonderful things to say about Eric and the job he has done as Head Custo-dian of the School 16 Annex, located at 759 North Broadway in Yonkers. His reputation precedes him, due to his work ethic and dedi-cation to the school. Principal Cynthia Eisner has lauded Eric, saying, ‘‘he makes sure that everything is not only in working order, but it is in tip top shape.’’ In addition to his custodial duties, Eric helps with arrivals and dismissals, 
serving as a de facto traffic officer, clearing the bus lanes of cars to ensure a smooth dis-missal every day. The school’s Assistant Prin-cipal, JoAnn DiMaria, has also praised Eric for his ‘‘leadership, loyalty, and dedication of the highest caliber in association with his respon-sibilities as Head Custodian. He supports and collaborates with custodial staff in the Main Building while consistently maintaining an im-maculate environment where our children can learn.’’ 
A Yonkers resident himself, Eric resides 
with his wife, Lisa, and daughters Kamesha and Aaliyah in the district. He is one of six children born to Mildred and Claude Lee Sr. and has been a resident of Yonkers since 1967. He attended PS 8, graduated from Roo-sevelt High School, and has been employed by the Board of Education as a custodian since 1992. Eric is Yonkers through and through, and he epitomizes the hard work and dedication the community is known for. 
On November 17th Eric is being honored 
with the 2015 Civil Service Employee of the Year Award, hosted by the Exchange Club of Yonkers and the Yonkers Public School sys-tem. It is my pleasure to congratulate Eric on this wonderful honor, and thank him for his years of service to the community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, due to pressing 
matters of public safety in my district, I missed the following roll call votes: 
Roll call No. 638. I would have voted no. 
Roll call No. 639. I would have voted no. Roll call No. 640. I would have voted yes. Roll call No. 641. I would have voted no. Roll call No. 642. I would have voted yes. Roll call No. 643. I would have voted no. 
f 
HONORING BOY SCOUT TROOP 29 
100-YEAR ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Boy Scouts of America Troop 29, which is located in East Moriches, New York. 
Troop 29 was founded in 1915 and is cele-
brating its 100-year anniversary this year. Since its inception, over 1,000 young men have been involved in Troop 29, many of whom have reached great success later in life. Impressively, in Troop 29, 61 young men have achieved the prestigious rank of Eagle Scout. 
Today, I would like to congratulate Troop 29 
on its 100-year anniversary and thank the Troop’s members for their dedicated service to our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO8.007 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1675 November 30, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF TERRY 
NAGEL 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Terry Nagel, the retiring Mayor and member of the Burlingame City Council. The word ‘‘inde-fatigable’’ comes to mind when reciting Terry Nagel’s public service. 
Mayor Nagel joined the Burlingame City 
Council in 2003 after receiving the highest number of votes in any council race. She has served three terms as Mayor. 
When she launched her council career, she 
had to do so in periodic darkness because the local power company frequently failed to sup-ply Burlingame with electricity, largely owing to antiquated infrastructure that left the city prone to blackouts during storms. It should be noted that although the power company sometimes failed to provide electricity because of this old equipment, it found a way to buy modem equipment so that Burlingame customers could receive monthly bills for the erratic elec-trical service. Over several years, Terry Nagel pressured the power company to change its priorities and to spend millions of dollars to make sure the system is reliable, both for Bur-lingame and surrounding communities. She still receives phone calls during storms from residents who thank her for keeping the lights on. 
While every council member shares in the 
success of a community, Terry Nagel initiated many of the most notable successes, including a recent rebirth of Burlingame Avenue that has given the town a beacon for families, new-comers and visitors. The project took many years to undertake and then to complete, but the results are indisputable. Burlingame’s main street is attractive and distinctive, with up-graded businesses to match the beautiful pub-lic infrastructure. Terry Nagel can rightfully claim that she helped to create a welcoming and charming cityscape that will be enjoyed by multiple generations. 
Mayor Nagel has promoted open govern-
ment, fiscal responsibility and championed emergency preparedness. She is a member of the Board of Directors of the San Mateo County Transportation Authority. She started the Burlingame Pet Parade, a fun-filled family event in Burlingame’s community calendar. In conjunction with her public service, she cre-ated the Community Wish List that connects donors with over 80 community nonprofits. 
She has extensive professional experience 
managing nonprofits and promoting such ven-
erable institutions as the Stanford Law School. She is a former reporter for our local news-paper, and she is a graduate of the University of Washington, cum laude, where she re-ceived a Bachelor of Arts degree in English. 
Mayor Nagel and her husband Jim Nagel 
have lived in Burlingame for 32 years. If you do the math, you’ll realize that her family, in-cluding sons Matt and Greg and daughter Katie, have seen Mayor Nagel walk out the door in service to the public for nearly 40% of the time that she has lived in town. This rep-resents thousands of hours outside the home, in dedication to her neighbors and generations yet to come. That’s thousands of hours away from her family, yet her family has been rock solid in its support of her vision. We rise today to honor a great leader of the 
City of Burlingame and my friend and col-league Terry Nagel. She says that her focus is on communication and building consensus. In fact, it is all of those things and more. She is the penultimate community steward, and al-though we wish her well in her next adven-tures, we can also truly say that she will be missed in the years ahead. 
f 
HONORING MARY V. KING 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my 
colleagues, Congressman M IKEHONDA and 
Congressman E RICSWALWELL , to honor the in-
spiring life of an exemplary member of the East Bay community, Mary V. King. With her passing on November 15th, 2015, we honor her career of extraordinary service to the East Bay community and her lasting legacy. 
As a young mother on public assistance, 
Mary was drawn into politics to improve the economic conditions of lower income resi-dents. She successfully led a county tax initia-tive campaign that created new sources of funding for public transit and other transpor-tation projects. In 1988, she became the first African-American woman elected to the Ala-meda County Board of Supervisors and was reelected twice. During her tenure, she au-thored several monumental policies, including the King Plan, a major land-use amendment to protect open space while maintaining sustain-able development in unincorporated areas. 
Mary also dedicated much of her time to im-
proving the social services provided to lower income residents. Because of her advocacy, the Mary V. King Health Education Center, lo-cated at the Eastmont Wellness Center in Oakland, was named in her honor. 
After leaving office in 2001, Mary worked as 
a private consultant specializing in government affairs, regional housing, and transportation issues. In 2009, she was appointed the Gen-eral Manager of AC Transit, where she served faithfully until her retirement in 2012. 
Mary also served on numerous local and re-
gional committees, including the Bay Con-servation and Development Commission (BCDC), the Association of Bay Area Govern-ments (ABAG), California Department of Cor-rections, and the Alameda County Central Committee. She also served as a Chief of Staff to Oakland Mayor Lionel J. Wilson and California State Legislator Bill Lockyer. 
Throughout her career, she received numer-
ous awards including the ‘‘Lifetime Achieve-ment Award’’ from the Conference of Minority Transportation Officials; the ‘‘Allen E. Broussard Memorial Award for Outstanding Humanitarianism’’ from the Alameda County Bar Association; and the ‘‘George Moscone Memorial Award’’ from the American Society of Public Administration. In 2014, she was awarded the Metropolitan Transportation Grant award for her leadership as Chair of the Bay Bridge Design Task Force during the construc-tion of the Eastern Span of the San Francisco- Oakland Bay Bridge. 
On a personal note, I will always remember 
Mary for her many contributions as a public servant, but more importantly, as a loving mother, grandmother, daughter, and friend. 
Mary always put her family first. She loved and cared for her beautiful mother, children, and grandchildren in ways that I witnessed and admired. I was inspired by how she bal-anced her work and her personal life, always rising to the occasion in both. Mary’s humanity was never destroyed by politics and power. She was authentic in all of her relationships, and she will be deeply missed. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes the life of a remarkable individual and devoted public servant, Mary V. King. Her service has helped countless residents of the East Bay community and her contributions are innumerable. I join all of Ms. King’s loved ones in celebrating her incredible accomplishments and offer my sincerest condolences. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE TAXPAYER 
RIGHTS ACT OF 2015 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I have been 
introducing taxpayer rights legislation since 2004, and today I am proud to introduce the Taxpayer Rights Act of 2015, a bill that con-tains important provisions to improve services for and protect the rights of American tax-payers, particularly those with modest in-comes. Senator C
ARDIN , who previously 
helped lead efforts in the House to pass the original Taxpayer Bill of Rights, is introducing companion legislation in the Senate. Many of these provisions are based on recommenda-tions from the National Taxpayer Advocate, Nina Olson, who has long been a champion of improving taxpayer services and tax adminis-tration at the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). 
As former Nixon Treasury Secretary William 
Simon said, ‘‘The nation should have a tax system that looks like someone designed it on purpose.’’ As we look for ways to improve the tax code to make it fairer and more trans-parent for all taxpayers, it is critical that ideas to help improve IRS service and accessibility are included in this conversation. Every year, 
millions of taxpayers file their returns with the IRS and inevitably issues of tax administration come to the forefront. These issues range from taxpayers not knowing their legal rights when interacting with the IRS, to taxpayers enlisting unscrupulous or poorly-trained pre-parers to help them complete one of their most important financial transactions of the year. This legislation aims to help prevent tax-payers from finding themselves in these avoid-able situations, and to build on and improve taxpayer services provided through the IRS. 
The centerpiece of this Act is the require-
ment that Treasury publish a Taxpayer Bill of Rights. The Taxpayer Bill of Rights is a simple and straightforward statement that enumerates all taxpayers’ rights and obligations. As the National Taxpayer Advocate explained in her 2011 Report to Congress: ‘‘In a time when the IRS will feel pressure to bring in additional tax revenue, it is crucial to provide taxpayers with strong protection for their rights.’’ Currently, these rights and obligations are scattered throughout the tax code and Internal Revenue Manual, making them neither accessible nor written in plain language that most taxpayers can understand. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30NO8.013 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1676 November 30, 2015 
This Act also helps improve the quality and 
accessibility of tax preparation services and advice available to taxpayers in several dif-ferent ways. First, it clarifies that the IRS has the authority to regulate tax return preparers. Ensuring tax preparers are trained, competent, and current on tax law developments will go a long way towards helping taxpayers during one of their most important financial trans-actions of the year. The Act also helps ensure moderate income taxpayers access qualified tax assistance by supporting a grant program for free income tax assistance services, like those offered by the Koreatown Youth and Community Center in my district in Los Ange-les. It also allows IRS referrals to Low Income Taxpayer Clinics, which provide representation to modest income taxpayers in their disputes with the IRS. In addition, the Act puts new protections in place to ensure taxpayer infor-mation remains confidential, and increases penalties on preparers of fraudulent tax re-turns. 
Finally, this bill includes several provisions 
that would improve IRS taxpayer services. One important provision provides greater pro-tections for taxpayers when they are faced with a Notice of a Federal Tax Lien filing (NFTL). Filing of an NFTL can result in signifi-cant, longterm hardship to a taxpayer, and may adversely affect the taxpayer’s credit, thus impairing his or her ability to conduct fi-nancial transactions or secure employment. The Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act requires the IRS to make individualized determinations be-fore the filing of an NFTL, and also requires consideration of hardship factors and a tax-payer’s history of compliance before these de-terminations are made. 
Many of the issues identified in this bill have 
caused confusion and undue hardship for tax-payers across the country. I encourage all of my colleagues to support these common sense provisions to promote taxpayer rights and services for all Americans. 
f 
HONORING PETER DIPAOLA 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a dear friend and a true community leader, Pelham Town Supervisor Peter DiPaola, who has served his community in elected office with distinction for close to 25 years. 
A resident of Pelham Manor since 1952, 
Peter has always had a love affair with Pelham Manor and its residents. He attended Siwanoy Elementary School while his future wife attended Prospect Hill, beginning a family legacy in the Pelham Elementary School sys-tem that has lasted three generations. 
In 1991, Peter began his life of public serv-
ice as a member of the Pelham Manor Plan-ning Board, and never looked back. To call Peter’s career in elected office diverse or ex-tensive would be an understatement. He served as Pelham Manor Trustee, with over-sight for administration, planning, and finance; Fire Commissioner; Police Commissioner; Commissioner of Public Works; was elected Mayor of the Village of Pelham Manor in 2001; Town Councilman in 2004; and finally Pelham Town Supervisor in 2012, the role in which he 
currently still serves. 
As Town Supervisor, Peter has worked dili-
gently to maintain the beauty and charm that has defined Pelham for decades. In spite of state mandated tax caps, he has overseen a redesign and improvement of the Town Court, a renovation of Gazebo Park, an expansion of the offerings by the Pelham Recreation De-partment, as well as an improvement of town services and programs, all while staying under the 2 percent tax cap. He has also worked hard to obtain vital funding through local, state, and federal grants, some of which my office has helped procure, for initiatives rang-ing from Superstorm Sandy repairs to im-provements to Trotta Park. Peter’s ability to deliver the services Pelham’s residents have come to expect from their local government, while exhibiting strict fiscal responsibility, has been masterful, and as Pelham’s Congress-man I have always counted myself fortunate to have such a wonderful partner in government. 
Peter and I may not come from the same 
side of the aisle, but we have always had a great relationship, built on a foundation of mu-tual respect, while working together in the spir-it of bipartisanship. As the American Legion Pelham Post 50 honors Peter at their annual Veterans Week Dinner Dance, I want to take a moment to honor him as well, and thank his wife, children, and grandchildren for sharing him with the entire community. There is no more fitting honoree than Peter, and he is most deserving of this recognition. 
f 
UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $ 18,719,613,274,893.51. We’ve 
added $8,092,736,225,980.43 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING SHAWN FRIEDKIN 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate Shawn Friedkin for receiving the Arnold H. Snider Visionary Lead-ership Award from the Reeve Foundation, rec-ognizing his many years of tireless work on behalf of disabled people. 
Twenty years ago, Shawn was a newly mar-
ried man with a young daughter when his life was forever changed. After a terrible car acci-dent, Shawn experienced unrepairable dam-age to his spinal cord and would never walk again. 
On November 19, the Reeve Foundation 
held its 25th Annual ‘‘A Magical Evening’’ fundraiser in New York, where Mr. Friedkin’s hard work was recognized. In 1997 Shawn 
founded Stand Among Friends, an organiza-tion to help people with disabilities live life to their full potential. Since then he has been in-volved in raising funds for neurological re-search and creating programs to support peo-ple with disabilities in our community. As President of this organization, Mr. Friedkin opened a disability center on Florida Atlantic University’s campus in 2006, which has helped place over 800 people in jobs. 
Shawn is an inspiration, and I am pleased 
to recognize him today and wish him the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
643 on final passage of H.R. 4038, the Amer-ican SAFE Act of 2015, I would have voted aye, which is consistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, due to a flight 
delay on March 23, 2015, I was unable to at-tend House Roll Call Vote numbers 130 and 131. If present, I would have voted yes on H.R. 360 and H. Res. 162. 
f 
HONORING MASTER SERGEANT 
FRANK NORWOOD 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
recognize Master Sergeant Frank Norwood, an outstanding Maine veteran and patriot who has distinguished himself with his outstanding service to our country, state, and veterans. 
Master Sergeant Norwood is well known in 
my state for his role as the Maine Military Fu-neral Honors Coordinator, a post in which he has earned statewide respect from military, government, and civilian communities. Since 2005, his team has performed 12,000 military funerals and, over the last five years, has been at every single Maine veteran’s funeral. This incredible feat—unmatched by any other state—is a true show of respect to the vet-erans who have defended our country. 
In addition, Master Sergeant Norwood has 
led the Maine State Select Honor Guard to be-come the pride of the Maine Army National Guard. During his tenure there, he has coordi-nated over 700 events and personally partici-pated in over 500 of them, ranging from gu-bernatorial inaugurations, posting colors at major sporting events, and performing military funerals for our fallen heroes. Additionally, he has instructed numerous veterans’ organiza-tions and community groups on ceremonial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30NO8.015 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1677 November 30, 2015 
and flag etiquette, often volunteering his per-
sonal time. 
I would also like to recognize Master Ser-
geant Norwood’s many years of distinguished service in the Army and the Maine Army Na-tional Guard. He served in Grenada, helped ready Maine’s Guard members for an over-seas deployment in the War on Terror, and earned numerous military honors and awards. 
Frank Norwood is a great leader and patriot. 
The people of Maine are honored by his dedi-cation, and I thank him wholeheartedly for his service to our veterans and our nation. 
f 
TEACHING HISTORY AND SERVING 
TEXAS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Terri Wenzel from Pearland, Texas for being named President of the Texas Council for the Social Studies (TCSS). 
Ms. Wenzel is a fourth grade teacher at 
Pearland’s Challenger Elementary. For almost 15 years, she has been involved with TCSS in order to promote Texas social studies around our great state. From encouraging develop-ment for her fellow teachers, to bringing his-tory to life in her classroom, Ms. Wenzel has truly shown her commitment to Texas. She begins serving on the TCSS Executive Council in January 2016 and will begin her term as president in 2017. Ms. Wenzel is making Pearland and Challenger Elementary proud. TCSS made a great decision by selecting her. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Terri. Thank you for teaching young Texans about our great state. 
f 
HONORING ANGELO MARTINELLI 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a leader in the Yonkers community, Angelo R. Martinelli, who for 20 years has led the Yonkers Chamber of Commerce as Chair-man with great distinction and integrity. 
Originally born in the Bronx in 1927, Angelo 
grew up in Mount Vernon, attending A.B. Davis High School. Following his graduating in 1945, he enlisted in the United States Army where he served until 1946 as a Sergeant. 
After leaving the Army, Angelo returned 
home to work in his family’s business, The Yonkers Daily Times, while swiftly moving to buy the Gazette Press in 1948. This shift, as well as meeting the love of his life, Carol Madatto, led to the purchase of their first home in Yonkers in 1960, where Angelo still currently lives. 
In 1974, Angelo ran and was elected Mayor 
of the City of Yonkers, serving from 1974– 1979 and again from 1982–1987. He has earned a reputation as an effective and force-ful advocate of municipal government inter-ests, like seniors, anti-crime programs, and the reactivation of the Yonkers Police Athletic League. In 1983, with the closing of the PAL 
seeming imminent, Mayor Martinelli helped form a new Board of Directors, and today the PAL is a vibrant organization, with Angelo continuing to serve as its President since 1991. Angelo was the owner and Chairman of the Board of Gazette Press, Inc., and is cur-rently Chairman of the Board for Today Media, Inc. From 1990 until May, 2012 he served as a director of Hudson Valley Bank. 
In January 1984, Mercy College conferred 
upon him an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters. In January 1995 he became Chairman of the Yonkers Chamber of Commerce, a po-sition he still holds. In August 2015, HBO aired the miniseries, ‘‘Show Me a Hero,’’ with Angelo, who was delighted to be portrayed by actor Jim Belushi. 
But Angelo’s passion was always his family. 
He and Carol, to whom he was married to and loved for 65 years, have six sons, Michael, Paul, Robert, Richard, Thomas and Ralph, and five daughters-in-law, 12 grandchildren, and five great grandchildren. Angelo is an ac-tive parishioner of St. Eugene’s Church, Yon-kers. 
This year, the Yonkers Chamber of Com-
merce is honoring Angelo at the 122nd Annual Business Hall of Fame Dinner, commemo-rating his 20 years of service as Chairman of the Board. I want to thank him for his incred-ible leadership and for helping to make Yon-kers the great city it is today. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO KRISTIN JOHNK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Kristin Johnk of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the American Future Farmers of America Degree Award. The American Future Farmers of America Degree is the highest honor a FFA member can achieve. 
From October 28th through October 31st 
the FFA held their annual National Convention in Louisville, Kentucky. It was then that Kristin was awarded the American FFA Degree for her abilities and outstanding achievements in agriculture business, production, processing and service programs. Kristin has a wide range of experience in agriculture related jobs. She has worked in floriculture, turf and land-scaping management, as well as vegetable production. Her experience in these jobs have opened her eyes to future career opportunities and allowed her to develop some of the skills she will need to succeed in them. 
Eligibility requirements for this prestigious 
FFA award include: earning at least $10,000 and productively investing $7,500 through a supervised agriculture experience program or working in an existing agriculturally-focused position, completing 50 hours of community service, as well as demonstrating outstanding leadership abilities. Kristin met and exceeded each of these requirements through her dedi-cation to the organization and the agriculture community. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Kristin for earning this award. She is a shining example of how hard work, determination, and dedication can help you achieve your goals. I am honored to recognize her today. I ask that 
my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Kris-tin for her accomplishments and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO WYATT SAEUGLING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Wyatt Saeugling of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the American Future Farmers of America Degree Award. The American Future Farmers of America Degree is the highest honor a FFA member can achieve. 
From October 28th through October 31st 
the FFA held their annual National Convention in Louisville, Kentucky. It was there that Wyatt was awarded the American FFA Degree for his abilities and outstanding achievements in agriculture business, production, processing and service programs. He has always been in-volved in agriculture, from helping his grandpa on their dairy farm to starting his own cow herd. 
Eligibility requirements for this prestigious 
FFA award include: earning at least $10,000 and productively investing $7,500 through a supervised agriculture experience program or working in an existing agriculturally-focused position, completing 50 hours of community service, as well as demonstrating outstanding leadership abilities. Wyatt met and exceeded each of these requirements through his dedi-cation to the organization and the agriculture community. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
young leaders like Wyatt in the United States House of Representatives. He is a shining ex-ample of how hard work, determination, and dedication can help you achieve your goals. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating him for his accomplishments and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO TUCKER SAGER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Tucker Sager of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the American Future Farmers of America Degree Award. The American Future Farmers of America Degree is the highest honor a FFA member can achieve. 
From October 28th through October 31st 
the FFA held their annual National Convention in Louisville, Kentucky. It was then that Tucker was awarded the American FFA Degree for his abilities and outstanding achievements in agriculture business, production, processing and service programs. Tucker has always had an interest in agriculture, and his passion has only been reinforced through his work as a farm hand. 
Eligibility requirements for this prestigious 
FFA award include: earning at least $10,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30NO8.021 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1678 November 30, 2015 
and productively investing $7,500 through a 
supervised agriculture experience program or working in an existing agriculturally-focused position, completing 50 hours of community service, as well as demonstrating outstanding leadership abilities. Tucker met and exceeded each of these requirements through his dedi-cation to the organization and the agriculture community. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Tucker for earning this award. He is a shining example of how hard work, determination, and dedication can help you achieve your goals. I am honored to recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Tucker for his accomplishments and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CHANCEY 
RICHARDS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Chancey Richards of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the American Future Farmers of America Degree Award. The American Future Farmers of America Degree is the highest honor an FFA member can achieve. 
From October 28th through October 31st 
the FFA held their annual National Convention in Louisville, Kentucky. It was then that Chancey was awarded the American FFA De-gree for his abilities and outstanding achieve-ments in agriculture business, production, processing and service programs. After start-ing his sophomore year of high school Chancey learned of his love for the agriculture industry. He began helping out at a local cattle operation by doing odd jobs around the farm along with raising his own horse, Chicago. This experience taught him about the respon-sibilities that come with operating your own cattle farm and how to be successful. 
Eligibility requirements for this prestigious 
FFA award include: earning at least $10,000 and productively investing $7,500 through a supervised agriculture experience program or working in an existing agriculturally-focused position, completing 50 hours of community service, as well as demonstrating outstanding leadership abilities. Chancey met and exceed-ed each of these requirements through his 
dedication to the organization and the agri-culture community. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Chancey for earning this award. He is a shin-ing example of how hard work, determination, and dedication can help you achieve your goals. I am honored to recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating him for his accomplishments and wish-ing him nothing but continued success. A TRIBUTE TO TODD ASHBY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Todd Ashby, Executive Director of the Des Moines Area Metropolitan Planning Organization, for being recognized by the Association of Metropolitan Planning Organizations (AMPO) as this year’s recipient of the Ronald F. Kirby Memorial National Award for Outstanding Individual Leadership. 
To earn this prestigious national award the 
recipient must display outstanding efforts in metropolitan transportation planning and plan-ning leadership. They must also display and exemplify at least two of the following criteria: innovation, impact of profession, implementa-tion, and coordination. Todd has embodied each of the four criteria and has worked tire-lessly to promote his profession and the city of Des Moines. 
Todd has worked behind-the-scenes on his 
most recent project to establish the Des Moines Transload Facility. It will serve as a hub for surrounding area businesses by con-necting the trucking network to the rail net-work. Based on recent findings, it will be a sig-nificant improvement over what is available today in central Iowa. It will allow businesses to reach areas of the state, and country that were unreachable before the facility. It is esti-mated that the Transload Facility will be com-pleted by 2016. 
Mr. Speaker, Todd has displayed a work 
ethic and dedication to success that is matched by few. I am honored to represent him and Iowans like him, in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Todd for receiving this outstanding award and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO L AVERNE AND 
PEGGY GOSS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate LaVerne and Peggy Goss of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wed-ding anniversary. They were married in 1955. 
LaVerne and Peggy’s lifelong commitment 
to each other, their children, their grand-children, and their great-grandchildren, truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Gosses that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this special couple 
on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. A TRIBUTE TO DUANE AND 
SHARON STEFFENS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Duane and Sharon Steffens of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on September 19, 1965, at the Methodist Church in Cum-berland, Iowa. 
Duane and Sharon’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Todd, Stacy, Denny, and Tracy, along with their grand-children truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Steffens’s that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this special couple 
on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JOE AND MARY 
NELSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Joe and Mary Nelson of Anita, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on September 18, 1965, at Zion Lutheran Church in Atlantic, Iowa. 
Joe and Mary’s lifelong commitment to each 
other, their children Jeff and Kim, and their grandchildren, truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Nelsons that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this special couple 
on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SANDY SCHUBERT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Sandy Schubert for the grand opening of her new business, Hedgie’s Books, Toys & More, in Bedford, Iowa. 
Sandy opened her new business on Sep-
tember 29th, 2015. She and her husband Kevin want to give back to their community and are striving to provide needed products in this small rural town that would otherwise not be available. They sell a wide range of items from books and toys for all ages, to local Iowa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30NO8.026 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1679 November 30, 2015 
wines. Small businesses, like Hedgie’s Books, 
Toys & More, are the backbone of small rural economies. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Sandy and her 
family for their commitment to their commu-nity. It is an honor to represent hardworking Iowans like the Schuberts in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on their new busi-ness venture and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MARK M CNEES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mark McNees, as he was named President of the Iowa Firefighters Association at the Associa-tion’s 137th annual meeting. Mark also serves as the Fire Chief for the City of Atlantic, Iowa, where he has served as a firefighter for 25 years. 
The mission of the Iowa Firefighters Asso-
ciation revolves around improving Iowa’s fire services and protecting the public. They work to uphold these goals through the enactment of legislation, improving training practices, fire prevention, and increasing access to public safety information. Mark has displayed a com-mitment to the core principals of the Iowa Fire-fighters Association and is truly deserving of this important role within the Association. 
Mr. Speaker, Mark has dedicated himself to 
serving and protecting his community. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating him and wishing him and the Iowa Fire-fighters Association nothing but continued suc-cess as he settles into his new role. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, De-
cember 01, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 2 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine Department 
of Defense personnel reform and strengthening the all-volunteer force. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine agri-
culture’s role in combating global hun-ger. 
SR–328A 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine protecting 
trade secrets, focusing on the impact of trade secret theft on American com-petitiveness and potential solutions to remedy this harm. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine reforming 
the federal budget process, focusing on modernizing budget concepts to im-prove accuracy and transparency. 
SD–608 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of G. Kathleen Hill, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malta, Eric Seth Rubin, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Bulgaria, Kyle R. Scott, of Arizona, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ser-bia, and David McKean, of Massachu-setts, to be Ambassador to Luxem-bourg, all of the Department of State, and Carlos J. Torres, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps. 
SD–419 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 1125, to 
authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reserva-tion, the State of Montana, and the United States, and S. 1879, to improve processes in the Department of the In-terior; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Tribal Law and Order Act (TLOA), fo-cusing on whether the justice systems in Indian country have improved. 
SD–628 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Administration’s alien removal policies. 
SD–226 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine consoli-
dating non-Department of Veterans Af-fairs care programs. 
SR–418 
4 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To receive a closed briefing on Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action over-sight, focusing on the International Atomic Energy Agency’s report on the possible military dimensions of the Ira-nian nuclear program. 
SH–219 DECEMBER 3 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To receive a closed briefing on the 
United States role in the Middle East. 
S–116 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine supporting 
the warfighter of today and tomorrow. 
SD–106 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
implementation of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act of 1980, including perspectives on the Act’s impacts in Alaska and sugges-tions for improvements to the Act. 
SD–366 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Robert A. Salerno, and Darlene Michele Soltys, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the Dis-trict of Columbia for the term of fif-teen years, and Carol Waller Pope, of the District of Columbia, to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Labor Relations Au-thority for a term of five years expir-ing July 1, 2019 (Reappointment). 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 247, to 
amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 1318, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for protection of maritime navigation and prevention of nuclear terrorism, and the nomina-tions of Dana J. Boente, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of Virginia for the term of four years, and John P. Fishwick, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the West-ern District of Virginia for the term of four years. 
SD–226 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine the eco-
nomic outlook. 
SH–216 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
DECEMBER 8 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition 
Policy and Consumer Rights 
To hold hearings to examine the AB 
InBev/SABMiller merger and the state of competition in the beer industry. 
SD–226 
DECEMBER 15 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 2257, to 
prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of protecting our national parks’ natural, historic, and cultural resources for present and future gen-erations. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30NO8.032 E30NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1248 Monday, November 30, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8181–S8196 
Measures Introduced: Three bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2332–2334, and S. Res. 322.
                                                                  Page S8191 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1611, to authorize appropriations for the Coast 
Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–168) 
S. 1115, to close out expired, empty grant ac-
counts, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–169) 
S. 2093, to provide that the Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall have sole authority to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Directors of the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. (S. Rept. No. 114–170) 
S. 2128, to require the Council of Inspectors Gen-
eral on Integrity and Efficiency to submit to Con-gress a report on Inspector General mandates, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–171)
       Page S8191 
Measures Passed: 
Treatment of Certain Payments in Eugenics 
Compensation Act: Senate passed S. 1698, to ex-
clude payments from State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligi-bility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. 
                                                                                            Page S8195 
Recognizing Rosa Louise Parks: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 322, recognizing the 60th anniversary of the refusal of Rosa Louise Parks to give up her seat on a bus on December 1, 1955.
                               Page S8195 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to 
an alternative plan for pay increases for civilian Fed-eral employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems in January 2016; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. (PM–33)
      Page S8191 Tai-Ching Kan Nomination—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Secretary of the Senate be authorized to re-quest the return of the papers with respect to Derek Tai-Ching Kan, of California, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years; and that when the Senate receives the papers, the Senate’s action with respect to the nomination on Thursday, November 19, 2015, be vitiated. 
                                                                                            Page S8181 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By 79 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. EX. 310), Gayle 
Smith, of Ohio, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. 
                                                                                    Pages S8195–96 
1Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 1Army nomination in the rank of general. 5Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admiral. 1Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S8193–96 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Steven Nathan Berk, of the District of Columbia, 
to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 
Elizabeth Carroll Wingo, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fif-teen years. 
36 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S8196 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8191 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S8181, S8191 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8191–93 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S8193 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S8190 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—310)                                                         Pages S8195–96 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30NO5.REC D30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1249 November 30, 2015 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:14 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, De-cember 1, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-
marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8196.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 4127–4137; 2 and resolutions, and H. Res. 540–541 were introduced.
                 Pages H8644–45 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H8646 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 3490, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–345, Part 2); 
H.R. 1755, to amend title 36, United States 
Code, to make certain improvements in the congres-sional charter of the Disabled American Veterans (H. Rept. 114–350); 
H.R. 3279, to amend titles 5 and 28, United 
States Code, to require annual reports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in cer-tain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–351); 
H.R. 526, to amend title 11 of the United States 
Code to require the public disclosure by trusts estab-lished under section 524(g) of such title, of quarterly reports that contain detailed information regarding the receipt and disposition of claims for injuries based on exposure to asbestos; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–352); 
H. Res. 539, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and di-plomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other purposes; pro-viding for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congressional disapproval 
under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 24) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, 
United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (H. Rept. 114–353); and 
Conference report on S. 1177, to reauthorize the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves (H. Rept. 114–354). 
                                                               Pages H8444–H8634, H8644 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Denham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8417 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4 p.m.                                                           Page H8418 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water 
Systems Assistance Act: S. 611, to amend the Safe 
Drinking Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems;
         Pages H8418–20 
Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime 
Fighting Act: H.R. 3490, amended, to amend the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Na-tional Computer Forensics Institute;
       Pages H8420–23 
Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act: H.R. 
3279, amended, to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require annual reports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in cer-tain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party;
          Pages H8423–26 
Amending title 36, United States Code, to make 
certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans: H.R. 1755, 
amended, to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans; 
                                                                                    Pages H8426–27 
Removing the use restrictions on certain land 
transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia: H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30NO5.REC D30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1250 November 30, 2015 
2288, amended, to remove the use restrictions on 
certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Vir-ginia, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 407 yeas with 
none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 644; 
                                                                Pages H8427–28, H8432–33 
PRISM Act: H.R. 1541, amended, to amend title 
54, United States Code, to make Hispanic-serving institutions eligible for technical and financial assist-ance for the establishment of preservation training and degree programs;
                                      Pages H8428–29 
Taking certain Federal lands located in Lassen 
County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria: H.R. 2212, 
amended, to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria;
                  Page H8429 
Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act: H.R. 2270, 
amended, to redesignate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty Na-tional Historic Site within the wildlife refuge, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 413 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 
645; and                                                    Pages H8429–31, H8433 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-
designate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to es-tablish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memo-rial within the wildlife refuge, and for other pur-poses.’’.
                                                                            Page H8433 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:30 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H8431 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization 
Act of 2015: S. 1170, to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research.
                Pages H8433–35 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Brady (TX), wherein he resigned as the Vice-Chairman of the Joint Economic Committee. 
                                                                                            Page H8435 
Joint Economic Committee—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Joint Economic Committee: Representative Tiberi, to rank before Representative Amash.
            Page H8435 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he transmitted an alternative plan for pay increases for civilian Federal employees cov-ered by the General Schedule in January 2016—re-
ferred to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–81).
                                                                         Page H8431 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H8418 and H8432. 
Senate Referrals: S. 2328 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. S. 1698 and S. 1550 were referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
                  Pages H8418, H8432, H8642 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8432–33 and H8433. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 9:35 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015; SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY RELATING TO ‘‘STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE FOR GREEN HOUSE GAS EMISSIONS FROM NEW, MODIFIED, AND RECONSTRUCTED STATIONARY SOURCES: ELECTRIC UTILITY GENERATING UNITS’’; SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY RELATING TO ‘‘CARBON POLLUTION EMISSION GUIDELINES FOR EXISTING STATIONARY SOURCES: ELECTRIC UTILITY GENERATING UNITS’’ 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 8, the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015’’ [general debate]; S.J. Res. 23, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; S.J. Res. 24, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30NO5.REC D30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1251 November 30, 2015 
Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-
tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a general debate rule for H.R. 8. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that no further consid-eration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. Additionally, the rule grants closed rules for S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24. The rule provides one hour of debate on each joint resolution equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of each joint resolution. The rule provides that each joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in each joint resolution. The rule provides each joint resolu-tion one motion to commit. Testimony was heard from Representatives Whitfield and Tonko. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
DECEMBER 1, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
acquisition reform, focusing on next steps, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an 
oversight hearing to examine the Well Control Rule and other regulations related to offshore oil and gas produc-tion, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine inter-
national tax, focusing on OECD BEPS and European Union state aid, 2:45 p.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Catherine Ebert-Gray, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Solomon Islands and 
Ambassador to the Republic of Vanuatu, Scot Alan Marciel, of California, to be Ambassador to the Union of Burma, John D. Feeley, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Panama, Linda Swartz Taglialatela, of New York, to be Ambassador to Bar-bados, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Federation of St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of Dominica, Grenada, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Todd C. Chapman, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ecuador, Jean Elizabeth 
Manes, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of El Salvador, and Amos J. Hochstein, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Re-sources), all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
Puerto Rico’s fiscal problems, focusing on examining the source and exploring the solution, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategy for Syria and Iraq and its Implica-tions for the Region’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Efficiency and the Future Navy Force’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces; and the Sub-
committee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Russian Arms Control Cheating: Violation of the INF Treaty and the Administration’s Responses One Year Later’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-
burn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Disrupter Series: Mobile Payments’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing on 
H.R. 699, the ‘‘Email Privacy Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Invasive Species Policy’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Pitfalls of Unilateral Negotia-tions at the Paris Climate Change Conference’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Tax 
Policy, hearing on the OECD BEPS Project final rec-ommendations and its effect on worldwide American companies, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 8, 
the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015’’ [amendment consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of December 1 through December 4, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30NO5.REC D30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1252 November 30, 2015 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Decem-
ber 2, to hold hearings to examine agriculture’s role in combating global hunger, 10 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Armed Services: December 1, to hold hear-
ings to examine acquisition reform, focusing on next steps, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
December 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine Department of Defense personnel reform and strengthening the all-volunteer force, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
December 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine supporting the warfighter of today and tomorrow, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on the Budget: December 2, to hold hearings 
to examine reforming the federal budget process, focusing on modernizing budget concepts to improve accuracy and transparency, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: December 1, 
to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Well Control Rule and other regulations related to offshore oil and gas production, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
December 3, Full Committee, to hold an oversight 
hearing to examine implementation of the Alaska Na-tional Interest Lands Conservation Act of 1980, including 
perspectives on the Act’s impacts in Alaska and sugges-tions for improvements to the Act, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: December 1, to hold hearings to 
examine international tax, focusing on OECD BEPS and European Union state aid, 2:45 p.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: December 1, to hold 
hearings to examine the nominations of Catherine Ebert- Gray, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Solomon Islands and Ambassador to the Republic of Vanuatu, Scot Alan Marciel, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the Union of Burma, John D. Feeley, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Panama, Linda Swartz Taglialatela, of New York, to be Ambassador to Barbados, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Federation of St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of Dominica, Grenada, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Todd C. Chap-man, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ec-uador, Jean Elizabeth Manes, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of El Salvador, and Amos J. Hochstein, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Resources), all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
December 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nominations of G. Kathleen Hill, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malta, Eric Seth Rubin, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Bulgaria, Kyle R. Scott, of Arizona, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Serbia, and David McKean, of Massa-chusetts, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg, all of the De-partment of State, and Carlos J. Torres, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps, 2:15 p.m., 
SD–419. 
December 2, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-
ing on Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action oversight, fo-cusing on the International Atomic Energy Agency’s re-port on the possible military dimensions of the Iranian nuclear program, 4 p.m., SH–219. 
December 3, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-
ing on the United States role in the Middle East, 9 a.m., S–116, Capitol. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
December 3, to hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Robert A. Salerno, and Darlene Michele Soltys, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years, and Carol Waller Pope, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2019 (Reappointment), 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: December 2, business meet-
ing to consider S. 1125, to authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, the State of Montana, and the United States, and S. 1879, to improve processes in the Department of the Interior; to be immediately fol-lowed by an oversight hearing to examine the Tribal Law and Order Act (TLOA), focusing on whether the justice systems in Indian country have improved, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: December 1, to hold hearings 
to examine Puerto Rico’s fiscal problems, focusing on ex-amining the source and exploring the solution, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
December 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine protecting trade secrets, focusing on the impact of trade secret theft on American competitiveness and poten-tial solutions to remedy this harm, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
December 2, Full Committee, to hold an oversight 
hearing to examine the Administration’s alien removal policies, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
December 3, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in sup-port of terrorism as renunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 1318, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for protection of maritime navigation and preven-tion of nuclear terrorism, and the nominations of Dana J. Boente, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia for the term of four years, and John P. Fishwick, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia for the term of four years, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: December 2, to hold 
hearings to examine consolidating non-Department of Veterans Affairs care programs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: December 1, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
December 3, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings 
to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30NO5.REC D30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1253 November 30, 2015 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, December 2, Full Committee, 
hearing to review the Farm Credit System, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, December 3, Subcommittee 
on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Effects of Reduced Infra-structure and Base Operating Support Investments on Readiness’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
December 3, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Stakeholder Views on Military Health Care’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, December 2, 
Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions, hearing entitled ‘‘Principles for Ensuring Retire-ment Advice Serves the Best Interests of Working Fami-lies and Retirees’’, 10 a.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, December 2, Sub-
committee on Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 1641, the ‘‘Federal Spectrum Incentive Act of 2015’’; and a discussion draft to amend the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Or-ganization Act to facilitate that deployment of commu-nications infrastructure by providing for an inventory of Federal assets for use in connection with such deploy-ment, to streamline certain Federal approvals of commu-nication facilities, to provide for measures to promote the use of utility poles in the deployment, and for other pur-poses, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
December 3, Subcommittee on Environment and the 
Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Nuclear Waste Fund: Budgetary, Funding, and Scoring Issues’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
December 3, Subcommittee on Communications and 
Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Broadcasting Ownership in the 21st Century’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, December 2, Sub-
committee on Capital Markets and Government Spon-sored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Improve the U.S. Capital Markets’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, December 2, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps: Fueling Middle East Turmoil’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
December 2, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-
proliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Paris At-tacks: A Strategic Shift by ISIS?’’, 1 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. December 2, Subcommittee on the Middle East and 
North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the President’s Strategy in Afghanistan’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
December 2, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, 
hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategic Interests and the APEC and East Asia Summits’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, December 3, Sub-
committee on Oversight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Driving Away with Taxpayer Dollars: DHS’s Failure to Effectively Manage the FPS Vehicle Fleet’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration, December 2, Full 
Committee, markup on H.R. 1670, the ‘‘National POW/ MIA Remembrance Act of 2015’’; hearing entitled ‘‘Im-proving Customer Service for the Copyright Community: Ensuring the Copyright Office and the Library of Con-gress Are Able To Meet the Demands of the Digital Age’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary, December 2, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 2831, to make technical amend-ments to update statutory references to provisions classi-fied to chapters 44, 45, 46, and 47 of title 50, United States Code; H.R. 2832, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classi-fied to title 52, United States Code; and H.R. 1584, the ‘‘CARDER Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
December 3, Subcommittee on Immigration and Bor-
der Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Executive Office for Immigration Review’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, December 2, Sub-
committee on Federal Lands, hearing on discussion draft of the ‘‘National Park Service Centennial Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, December 
2, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-titled ‘‘Office of National Drug Control Policy: Reauthor-ization’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, December 3, 
Subcommittee on Energy, hearing on H.R. 4084, the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, December 3, Subcommittee 
on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Employers of Choice: How the Tax Extender Debate Will Affect Small Business’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: December 3, to hold hearings 
to examine the economic outlook, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30NO5.REC D30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1254 November 30, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, December 1 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 12:30 p.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, December 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following 
measure under suspension of the rules: H.R. 4127—Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. Consider-ation of S.J. Res. 23—Providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Green-house Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Recon-structed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (Subject to a Rule); consideration of S.J. Res. 24—Providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (Sub-ject to a Rule); and consideration of H.R. 8—North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E1675 
Bost, Mike, Ill., E1674 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1676 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1676 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1674 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1673, E1674, E1676, E1677 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1671 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1676 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1674 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1673, E1675 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E1673 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1677 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1676 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1671 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1672 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E1672 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1672, E1675 
Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1671 Westmoreland, Lynn A., Ga., E1671 Williams, Roger, Tex., E1673, E1676 Young, David, Iowa, E1677, E1677, E1677, E1678, E1678, 
E1678, E1678, E1678, E1678, E1679 
Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1674 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30NO5.REC D30NOPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST