Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3217 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 2015 No. 75 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, May 18, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , MAY15, 2015 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
We give You thanks, O God, for giv-
ing us another day. 
We ask Your blessing upon this as-
sembly and upon all to whom the au-thority of government is given. 
The issues of these days and in com-
ing months remain complicated and potentially divisive. Endow each Mem-ber with wisdom and equanimity, that productive policies and solutions might be reached for the benefit of our Na-tion. 
Please send Your spirit of peace upon 
those areas of our world where violence and conflict endure, and threaten to multiply. May all Your children learn to live in peace. 
And, may all that is done within the 
people’s House this day be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I 
demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. D OLD) come forward 
and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. 
Mr. DOLD led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING SCOUTMASTER CHIP 
ANDERSON 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, Chip Ander-
son has been an integral part of Ken-ilworth Scouting—more specifically, 
Troop 13—for the last 8 years. He has provided outstanding leadership and support to the young men of Ken-ilworth, Illinois, as first the troop quartermaster, and then as the troop Scoutmaster. He is moving to Atlanta with his family for career reasons and resigning his active leadership position with Troop 13, but will always remain a vital part of Troop 13 and its legacy. 
During his tenure, the troop has been 
very active with weekly meetings, community service projects, and monthly camping and overnight trips, including the annual Boundary Waters High Adventure for the rising seventh- grade boys. 
Advancement is one, but not the 
only, measure of success, and during his tenure Troop 13 has had 45 young men attain the rank of Eagle, Scouting’s highest rank. Chip has di-rectly supported each of these young men, as well as all the young men in the troop. Most have called him a men-tor and friend in the notes they have written to express their thanks. 
We are thankful for his outstanding 
contribution, and as a community we feel very fortunate to have had his leadership and dedication to the Scout-ing program and to the development of young men in the village. 
It is an honor to recognize Chip 
today. It as an honor to call him my friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.000 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3218 May 15, 2015 
LONG-TERM HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND REAUTHORIZATION 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of a long-term reau-thorization of the highway trust fund. 
Just this week, Mayor Dumas from 
Attleboro, Massachusetts, came to Washington to tell me how another stopgap bill would negatively impact projects in his city. 
The bridges in my home State are 
some of the oldest in our country. Of the over 5,000 bridges in our Common-wealth, more than half are considered deficient. 
Every single day, cars, trucks, and 
schoolbuses cross our structurally compromised bridges nearly 10 million times. Those numbers underscore the urgency for our government to provide the critical, long-term investments in infrastructure that our constituents demand and deserve. 
Each time we approve a short-term 
patch of the highway trust fund, we are continuing the uncertainty and doubt that prevents States and municipali-ties from moving forward on projects that not only create jobs but keep all of us safe. 
Our refusal to even consider a lasting 
transportation plan is hindering our ability to maintain the infrastructure we already have, when we should be in-stead focused on new projects that in-crease our modern economy in commu-nities across our country. 
It is time to fix this problem. It is 
time to invest in our country. It is time to pass this bill. 
f 
TEACHER APPRECIATION MONTH 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Ms. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, recently, South Carolina Gov-ernor Nikki Haley designated May as Teacher Appreciation Month. 
As the husband of a retired teacher, I 
know firsthand the time, resources, support, and guidance our dedicated educators give to their students. While I regularly take the opportunity to visit schools and honor educators throughout the year, I am grateful for the opportunity to give special recogni-tion and thanks to our hard-working educators this month. 
I would especially like to honor my 
constituent, Daniel Oddo, from Dreher High School, who was a finalist for the South Carolina Teacher of the Year. Staff member Drew Kennedy is a Dreher graduate. 
I am grateful for the Palmetto State 
Teachers Association, led by executive director Kathy Maness, for their tire-less work on behalf of teachers across the State. The success of our teachers is amplified by the leadership of State Superintendent of Education Molly 
Spearman, who is dedicated to recruit-ing and retaining quality teachers in the Palmetto State. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
FUNDING TRANSPORTATION 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of long-term invest-ments in our Nation’s critical trans-portation infrastructure. 
Across this Nation, our roads and 
bridges are crumbling, and commu-nities are in need of updated transit systems. Investments in critical infra-structure are necessary to ensure our roads, bridges, and transit systems are in good working condition and updated with the newest technologies to ensure our safety. Jobs hang in the balance. The safety of our constituents hang in the balance. 
In North Carolina alone, there are 
more than 5,000 bridges in need of re-pair. More than 700 of those are in my district. We must make sure that crit-ical road and infrastructure projects are not put on hold and that jobs are not placed in jeopardy. 
My colleagues, I urge you to make 
the smart decision for our Nation and support a long-term solution to fund-ing our transportation infrastructure. 
f 
SUPPORT PASSAGE OF FY16 NDAA 
(Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to urge my fellow Republicans and other Members to sup-port the fiscal year 2016 National De-fense Authorization Act. 
My colleagues and I on the Armed 
Services Committee came together in a bipartisan fashion to pass this legisla-tion out of committee with a vote of 60–2. That seems pretty bipartisan to me. And it should be. Our Nation’s se-curity should not be a partisan issue. 
The committee had a goal of imple-
menting some lasting reforms to en-sure that our military is better pre-pared for the challenges that we face. 
Part of facing these challenges is en-
suring that our military has the very best training and weapons systems for the fight. This legislation recognizes that need by preserving the A–10, which is the best close air support aircraft, and flown out of Moody Air Force Base. 
This bill also invests in the future re-
placement of the JSTARS, an impor-tant ISR platform that flies out of Robins Air Force Base. 
It is as honor to serve as a voice for 
Robins and Moody in Congress, and I urge my colleagues to pass this legisla-tion for our Nation’s warfighters who 
bravely serve so that we may remain the land of the free. 
f 
FUTURE FARMERS, AMERICA’S 
FUTURE 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker: ‘‘Learn-
ing to do, doing to learn, earning to live, living to serve.’’ Those 12 short words comprise the motto of the Fu-ture Farmers of America Organization, founded in 1928 by 33 students from 18 different States who came together with a shared mission to develop as the future farmers of this country. 
Agriculture is the cornerstone of our 
economy, supporting more than 23 mil-lion jobs in our country. But it is also an industry that requires more than just skills and knowledge that might be learned in the classroom, skills that are necessary to feed our country and to connect with the changing market-place and consumers. 
FAA has succeeded in fulfilling this 
gap by expanding not only agricultural education in our schools but also in teaching students to be confident par-ticipants and leaders, to be honest and fair, and to show respect for others and our land’s resources. These lifelong skills are vital not just for farmers but in all aspects of agriculture, whether it is marketing, management, research, communications, or engineering. 
I rise today to recognize this organi-
zation and the millions of Future Farmers of America, both current and past, and express my gratitude for your dedication, leadership, and commit-ment to strengthening our towns. 
It is that spirit and love for this 
country that truly represents the heart of rural America. 
f 
IRAN REVIEW ACT 
(Mr. STUTZMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Ms. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
with concern over the President’s on-going nuclear negotiations with Iran, and I rise in support of the legislation that the House passed yesterday, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
Mr. Speaker, there is absolutely no 
guarantee that any final agreement ne-gotiated by Secretary Kerry and Presi-dent Obama will be a good deal. There is no guarantee this agreement will be good for the security of the United States, good for the stability of the Middle East, and good for the security of our close ally, Israel. 
By passing H.R. 1191, we are empow-
ering Congress to review the final agreement and block any bad deal ne-gotiated by the President. 
Mr. Speaker, June 30, the deadline 
for the negotiations, is nearing quick-ly. When, and if, the President is able 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.002 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3219 May 15, 2015 
to arrive at a deal, I encourage my col-
leagues to take a strong, thorough look at all of the details. There is too much at stake in the world to get this wrong. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further con-sideration of the bill, H.R. 1735. 
Will the gentleman from Arkansas 
(Mr. W
OMACK ) kindly take the chair. 
b0912 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. W
OMACK (Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, May 14, 2015, amendment No. 83 printed in House Report 114–112, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), 
had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendments en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 6 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 90, 91, 96, 99, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, and 118 printed in House Re-port No. 114–112, offered by Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MR . HILL OF  
ARKANSAS  
Page 528, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1092. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSIS OF DECI-
SION TO MAINTAIN C130J AIRCRAFT AT KEESLER AIR FORCE BASE, MIS-SISSIPPI. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct a business case anal-ysis of the decision to maintain 10 C-130J air-craft at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. 
Such analysis shall include consideration of— 
(1) any efficiencies or cost savings that 
would be achieved by transferring such air-craft to Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkan-sas; 
(2) any effects of such decision on the oper-
ation of the air mobility command; and 
(3) the short-term and long-term costs of 
maintaining such aircraft at Keesler Air Force Base. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . MEEHAN OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  
Page 528, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1092. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
CYBER RESILIENCY OF NATIONAL GUARD NETWORKS AND COMMU-NICATIONS SYSTEMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) National Guard personnel need to have 
situational awareness and reliable commu-nications in the event of an emergency, ter-rorist attack, or natural or man-made dis-aster; 
(2) in the event of such an emergency, at-
tack, or disaster, the ability of the National Guard personnel to communicate and coordi-nate response is vital; 
(3) current communications and net-
working systems for the National Guard, in-cluding commercial wireless solutions, such as mobile wireless kinetic mesh and other systems that are interoperable with the sys-tems of civilian first responders, should pro-vide the necessary robustness, interoper-ability, reliability, and resilience to extend needed situational awareness and commu-nications to all users and under all operating conditions, including in degraded commu-nications environments where infrastructure is damaged, destroyed, or under cyber attack or disruption; and 
(4) the National Guard should be con-
stantly seeking ways to improve and expand its communications and networking capa-bilities to provide for enhanced performance and resilience in the face of cyber attacks or disruptions, as well as other instances of degradation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
OF MICHIGAN  
At the end of subtitle B of title XII (page 
550, after line 26), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REPORT ON ACCESS TO FINANCIAL 
RECORDS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF AFGHANISTAN TO AUDIT THE USE OF FUNDS FOR ASSISTANCE FOR AF-GHANISTAN. 
Not later than December 31, 2016, the Spe-
cial Inspector General for Afghanistan Re-construction shall submit to Congress a re-port on the extent to which the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction has adequate access to finan-cial records of the Government of Afghani-stan to audit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for assist-ance for Afghanistan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
Page 559, after line 11, add the following: 
(H) An assessment of United States’ efforts 
to disrupt and prevent foreign fighters trav-eling to Syria and Iraq and disrupt and pre-vent foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq trav-eling to the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
OF COLORADO  
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following (and conform the table of con-tents accordingly): 
SEC. 1234. LIMITATION ON MILITARY-TO-MILI-
TARY EXCHANGES AND CONTACTS WITH IRAN. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not authorize any military-to-military exchange or contact described in subsection (b) to be conducted by the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilians with rep-resentatives of the military or paramilitary forces (including the IRGC) of the Islamic Republic of Iran until the Secretary certifies that Iran— 
(1) has ended its ballistic missile program; (2) is no longer listed by the Secretary of 
State as a state sponsor of terrorism; and 
(3) has recognized the Israel as a Jewish 
state. 
(b) C
OVERED EXCHANGES AND CONTACTS .— 
Subsection (a) applies to any military-to- military exchange or contact that includes inappropriate exposure to any of the fol-lowing: 
(1) Force projection operations. (2) Nuclear operations. 
(3) Advanced combined-arms and joint 
combat operations. 
(4) Advanced logistical operations. (5) Chemical and biological defense and 
other capabilities related to weapons of mass destruction. 
(6) Surveillance and reconnaissance oper-
ations. 
(7) Joint warfighting experiments. (8) Military space operations. (9) Other advanced capabilities of the 
Armed Forces. 
(10) Arms sales or military-related tech-
nology transfers. 
(11) Release of classified or restricted in-
formation. 
(12) Access to a Department of Defense lab-
oratory or base. 
(13) Military operations or exercises with 
allies and partners. 
(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) does not 
apply to any search-and-rescue or humani-tarian operation or exercise. 
(d) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION BY SECRETARY .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall, without dele-gation, submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives, not later than December 31 each year, a certification in writing as to whether or not any military-to-military exchange or contact during that calendar year was con-ducted in violation of subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MRS . 
WALORSKI OF INDIANA  
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following (and conform the table of con-tents accordingly): 
SEC. 1234. SECURITY GUARANTEES ASSOCIATED 
WITH IRAN’S NUCLEAR WEAPONS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall provide the appropriate congressional committees a copy of any security agreement or commit-ment provided by the United States to any country in the Middle East, including the member countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council, associated with Iran’s nuclear weap-ons program. 
(b) A
NALYSIS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff shall provide the Secretary of Defense with a detailed analysis of the United States mili-tary force structure and posture, as well as the estimated costs associated with such force structure and posture, required to meet any security agreement or commitment in the Middle East, including member countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council. The Sec-retary shall provide such analysis, without change, along with any additional views the Secretary may offer, when the Secretary submits the materials required under sub-section (a). 
(c) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN EXPENDI -
TURES .—The Secretary of Defense may not 
obligate or expend any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for meeting any security agreements or commitments described in this section unless the Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Secretary has provided a copy of such agreement as required under subsection (a). 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.003 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3220 May 15, 2015 
on Armed Services and the Committee on 
Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
OF MINNESOTA  
At the end of subtitle D of title XII (page 
576, after line 2), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed as 
authorizing the use of force against Iran. 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
ALABAMA  
At the end of subtitle F of title XII (page 
604, after line 16), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REQUIREMENT TO SUBMIT DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE POLICY REGARD-ING FOREIGN DISCLOSURE OR TECHNOLOGY RELEASE OF AEGIS ASHORE CAPABILITY TO ALLIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that a decision by the Government of Japan to purchase Aegis Ashore for its self-defense, given that it already possesses sea-based Aegis weapons system-equipped naval vessels, could create a significant op-portunity for promoting interoperability and integration of air- and missile defense capa-bility with close allies, could provide for force multiplication benefits, and could po-tentially alleviate force posture require-ments on multi-mission assets. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT TO SUBMIT POLICY .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a copy of the Department of Defense policy regarding foreign disclo-sure or technology release of Aegis Ashore capability to allies, including Japan, that possess sea-based Aegis weapons system- equipped naval vessels. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
At the end of subtitle F of title XII (page 
604, after line 16), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REQUIREMENT TO INVITE THE MILI-
TARY FORCES OF TAIWAN TO PAR-TICIPATE IN RIMPAC EXERCISES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall invite the military forces of Taiwan to participate in any maritime exercise known as the Rim of the Pacific Exercise if the Sec-retary has invited the military forces of the People’s Republic of China to participate in such maritime exercise. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to any mari-time exercise described in subsection (a) that begins on or after such date of enactment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 106 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 12xx. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT THE ARMS TRADE TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to fund a Secretariat or any other international organization established to support the implementation of the Arms Trade Treaty, to sustain domestic prosecu-tions based on any charge related to the Treaty, or to implement the Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty and implementing legislation for the Treaty has been enacted into law. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to preclude the Department of Defense from assisting foreign countries in bringing their laws, reg-ulations, and practices related to export con-trol up to United States standards. 
AMENDMENT NO . 112 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII (page 
622, after line 22), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. ASSESSMENT OF THE MILITARY CAPA-
BILITY OF THE REPUBLIC OF CY-PRUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees an assess-ment of the military capability of the Re-public of Cyprus to defend against threats to its national security, including threats posed by hostile foreign governments and inter-national terrorist groups. 
(b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The assess-
ment required under subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: 
(1) An analysis of the effect on the national 
security of Cyprus of the United States pol-icy to deny applications for licenses and other approvals for the export of defense ar-ticles and defense services to the armed forces of Cyprus. 
(2) An analysis of the extent to which such 
United States policy is consistent with over-all United States security and policy objec-tives in the region. 
(3) An assessment of the potential impact 
of lifting such United States policy. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 113 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
OF NEW YORK  
Page 622, after line 22, insert the following: 
SEC. 1269. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE DE-
FENSE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RE-PUBLIC OF INDIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The United States has an upgraded, 
strategic-plus relationship with India based on regional cooperation, space science co-operation, and defense cooperation. 
(2) The defense relationship between the 
United States and the Republic of India is strengthened by the common commitment of both countries to democracy. 
(3) The United States and the Republic of 
India share a common and long-standing commitment to civilian control of the mili-tary. 
(4) The United States and the Republic of 
India have increasingly worked together on defense cooperation across a range of activi-ties, exercises, initiatives, and research. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to expand defense cooperation 
with the Republic of India; 
(2) welcome the role of the Republic of 
India in providing security and stability in the Indo-Pacific region and beyond; 
(3) work cooperatively with the Republic of 
India on matters relating to our common de-fense; 
(4) vigorously support the implementation 
of the United States-India Defense Frame-work Agreement; and 
(3) support the India Defense Trade and 
Technology Initiative. AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
OF MICHIGAN  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following (and conform the table of con-tents accordingly): 
SEC. 1269. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EVACUATION 
OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND NATIONALS FROM YEMEN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The ongoing conflict in Yemen, includ-
ing airstrikes conducted by Saudi Arabia and a no-fly zone imposed over Yemen by Saudi Arabia, has made it difficult for Yemeni- Americans to depart Yemen. 
(2) United States citizen Jamal al-Labani 
of Hayward, California, was killed in Yemen after the closure of the United States Em-bassy while attempting to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the United States. 
(3) Over 550 Yemeni-Americans have reg-
istered as being unable to leave Yemen after the closure of the United States Embassy in Yemen in February 2015. 
(4) In 2006, the Department of Defense 
helped the Department of State remove 15,000 Americans from Lebanon during Hezbollah’s war against Israel. 
(5) Many other nations, including China, 
Ethiopia, India, and Russia are evacuating or have evacuated their citizens from Yemen. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the President should exercise all available authorities as expeditiously as possible to evacuate United States citizens and nationals from Yemen. 
AMENDMENT NO . 115 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
NEW YORK  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII (page 
622, after line 22), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REPORT ON IMPACT OF ANY SIGNIFI-
CANT REDUCTION IN UNITED STATES TROOP LEVELS OR MATE-RIEL IN EUROPE ON NATO’S ABILITY TO CREDIBLY ADDRESS EXTERNAL THREATS TO ANY NATO MEMBER STATE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) in order to demonstrate United States 
commitment to North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization (NATO) allies, especially those NATO allies under pressure on the Eastern flank of the Alliance, and to enhance the United States deterrent presence and resolve to countering threats to NATO’s collective security, United States Armed Forces sta-tioned and deployed in Europe should be in-creased in number and combat power; and 
(2) the ‘‘current and foreseeable security 
environment’’, as referenced in paragraph 12 of Section IV on Political-Military Matters of the Founding Act on Mutual Relations, Cooperation and Security between NATO and the Russian Federation (NATO-Russia Founding Act), has changed significantly since the signing of such Act in 1997 and thus such Act should not be read, interpreted, or implemented so as to constrain or in any way limit additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces anywhere on the territory of any NATO member State in furtherance of NATO’s core mission of col-lective defense and other missions. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to ensure that 
the United States contribution to NATO’s core mission of collective defense remains robust and ready to meet any future chal-lenges, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the impact of any significant re-duction in United States troop levels or ma-teriel in Europe on NATO’s ability to credibly deter, resist, and, if necessary, repel external threats to any NATO member State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.001 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3221 May 15, 2015 
(2) D EADLINE .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than 30 days prior to the date on which any significant reduction described in paragraph (1) is scheduled to take place. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary to protect the national security interests of the United States. 
(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 116 OFFERED BY MR . VELA OF  
TEXAS  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following (and conform the table of con-tents accordingly): 
SEC. 1269. REPORT ON VIOLENCE AND CARTEL 
ACTIVITY IN MEXICO. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-port on violence and cartel activity in Mex-ico and the impact of such on United States national security. 
AMENDMENT NO . 117 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER OF  
WASHINGTON  
Page 628, after line 8, insert the following: 
‘‘(3) If the Secretary furloughs any em-
ployee referred to in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress, by no later than 30 days before initiating the furlough, notice of the furlough that includes a certifi-cation that, as a result of the proposed fur-lough, none of the work performed by any employee of the Department of Defense will be shifted to any Department of Defense ci-vilian employee, contractor, or member of the Armed Forces.’’. 
Page 628, line 9, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert 
‘‘(4)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 118 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  
In section 1504, page 632, line 20, insert ‘‘(a) 
AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—’’ before 
‘‘Funds’’. 
At the end of section 1504, page 633, line 1, 
add the following new subsection: 
(b) C ONDITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR IRAQ 
AND SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP PROGRAMS .— 
Amounts authorized to be appropriated by this section for the Syria and Iraq Train and Equip programs, as specified in the funding table in section 4302, may not be provided to any recipient that the Secretary of Defense has reported, pursuant to a quarterly progress report submitted pursuant to sec-tion 1209 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541), as having misused provided training and equipment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. L AR-
SEN) each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman, this en bloc package 
consists of 17 total amendments. Nine of them have been offered by Repub-licans, eight of them have been offered by Democrats. They cover a variety of very important topics for our national security, including cooperation with India, evacuation of U.S. persons from Yemen, the impact of U.S. troop levels 
on NATO, and violence in Mexico. 
I believe these are important subjects 
and important additions to our bill. I hope Members will support this en bloc package. And I hope that all Members who make these contributions will sup-port the final version so that their con-tribution has a chance to become law. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the distin-guished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
b0915 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chair-
man for the efforts put forth by himself and the committee on necessary legis-lation that, indeed, should pass. 
Mr. Chairman, America has given 14 
years, nearly $1 trillion, and thousands of lives to help build a stable Afghani-stan. While most of our troops have come home, Congress has still obli-gated billions of dollars to be spent on reconstruction efforts. 
As we transfer oversight authority to 
Afghan officials, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruc-tion has identified serious deficiencies in our ability to ensure the proper use of these American taxpayer dollars, as the Afghan Ministries currently lack the capacity to effectively manage and account for U.S.-funded assistance. 
My amendment would require SIGAR 
to certify it has sufficient access to Af-ghan accounts to guarantee effective audits. We must ensure that every dol-lar is spent effectively. I appreciate that this amendment has been added en bloc, and I ask my colleagues to sup-port this legislation and this amend-ment. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask Members 
to support this en bloc package, and I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) for comments 
on en bloc No. 6. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman and Mem-
bers of the House, as Mr. W ALBERG just 
pointed out, we have spent literally trillions of dollars in the Middle East in what many would describe as wars of choice and nation building. 
I want to applaud the committee for 
this underlying legislation to ensure some accountability of how that money goes. All too often, the moneys have made a mockery of our good in-tentions and ended up in the wrong hands and, in many cases, used against us. 
The underlying legislation requires 
the Defense Department now to require them to give us a list of who money has been given to in Syria and Iraq to fight ISIL, and my legislation says that, when they find evidence that those funds have been misused by any one of those parties, they can no longer be recipients of our funding and our in-tentions in this regard. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of 
my amendment and the bloc as well. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to my col-league from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chair-
man for yielding, and I want the chair-man to know that I support the amend-ment en bloc, and I support the bill as well. 
Mr. Chair, the number of foreign 
fighters traveling to Syria and Iraq to join ISIS is increasing at an alarming, dramatic rate. The Director of the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center said that more foreign fighters have joined ISIS in the last 2 years than those who went to Afghanistan or Iraq in the last 20 years. More than 180 of these fight-ers are from the United States. 
These killers are not just going to 
fight and die on the battlefields of Iraq and Syria. Many return home to their home countries as trained, battle-hard-ened Islamic radicals. 
Before Moner Mohammad Abusalha 
became the first American to carry out a suicide bomb in Syria, he had already been to Syria and back to the United States as a trained suicide killer. The United States Government didn’t even know this. 
We need a comprehensive strategy to 
reduce the flow of foreign fighters from 
ISIS to the United States and foreign fighters going to train with ISIS. This amendment requires such a strategy. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ). 
Mrs. DINGELL. I thank the gen-
tleman from Washington (Mr. L ARSEN ). 
Mr. Chairman, Members of the 
House, I rise in support of my amend-ment, No. 103, contained in this bloc, which expresses the sense of Congress that the President should exercise all available authority to evacuate U.S. citizens from Yemen as soon as pos-sible. 
My district is home to the highest 
concentration of Yemeni Americans in the United States. Since hostilities began in Yemen, my office hears daily from Yemeni Americans who are terri-fied, frustrated, desperate, and have no idea how to exit the country. These are United States citizens in Yemen, with nowhere to turn. 
This week, NPR told the story of 
Rhonia Aladashi, a 16-year-old girl from my hometown of Dearborn, Michi-gan. She had traveled to Yemen to visit her father when the hostilities began, and she tried multiple options to escape. 
She tried to cross the border at Saudi 
Arabia and got turned back into hos-tile areas because she did not have a man traveling with her. Ultimately, she ended up on a private fishing boat, going with no food or water on board. 
My constituents and their families 
stuck in Yemen need hope, and they need to know that American citizens are not being forgotten. We do not in any way want to put American mili-tary in danger, but we need to tell Americans there is hope. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.001 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3222 May 15, 2015 
I thank Mr. L ARSEN and Chairman 
THORNBERRY . 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the dis-tinguished gentleman from North Caro-lina (Mr. W
ALKER ). 
Mr. WALKER. I thank the gentleman 
from Texas for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to express 
my gratitude for the hard work and dedication put forth by Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, 
and their colleagues on the Armed Services Committee in drafting the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act of 2016. 
I would like to thank the Rules Com-
mittee, Chairman S
ESSIONS , and Rank-
ing Member S LAUGHTER for their ef-
forts in ensuring Members on both sides of the aisle had an avenue to voice their opinion. 
We recently finished 10 townhalls in 
10 counties, and the number one thing from our constituents is making sure that Washington is held accountable. These efforts help restore our constitu-ents’ faith in this body and the process of lawmaking. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gen-
tleman from Washington, my good friend Mr. L
ARSEN , for yielding me this 
time. 
Mr. Chairman, the effort to expand 
U.S.-India relations has always been and continues to be a bipartisan effort, and I want to thank both sides of the aisle in acceptance of the amendment that I put forward. 
Over the past two decades, we have 
seen the relationship between the United States and India flourish and blossom under both—I should say starting with President Clinton’s Pres-idency, followed by President George Bush’s Presidency, and we have seen how advanced it has become under the Presidency of Barack Obama. 
I had the opportunity to travel with 
the President earlier this year to India, and the incredible reception that the President and the delegation received was like no other experience I have ever had in India, and this relationship continues to grow. 
This is the first time we have had an 
opportunity to express the support of the House and of the Congress of this burgeoning relationship, especially as it pertains to mil-to-mil cooperation, and I believe that this is the most crit-ical relationship that we will have this decade in the world. 
India and the United States, we have 
shared values of civilian control of the military. It is a very important aspect when you consider the part of the world we are talking about. We share that same value with India. 
India’s quest for securing peace not 
only within her region, but around the world as well, is something that we share with her. India’s commitment to democracy and rule of law is something we also share with India and, overall, using democracy and the quest for 
peace, trying to bring stability throughout the world. 
I also want to thank the Indian dias-
pora in helping with this effort. This is truly, as I said earlier, I believe, the most important alliance the United States will have this century. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. K
ELLY ). 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank 
the chairman. 
I rise in strong support of my amend-
ment to renew a 1-year ban on the Obama administration from using any Department of Defense funds to imple-ment the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty. This amendment updates and strengthens the language of my amend-ments that were entered into law in previous NDAAs. 
Why? Because this amendment—we 
must always uphold our fundamental individual right to keep and to bear arms, which is enshrined in our Con-stitution. We also must uphold the sov-ereignty of the United States over our arms export control system, which is the gold standard of the world. 
Now, how do we do this? First, the amendment explicitly for-
bids the use of DOD funds to facilitate domestic prosecutions of individual Americans. This is a real danger be-cause the Obama administration has already engaged in domestic prosecu-tions of individuals using treaties. This is totally unacceptable. 
Second, my amendment specifically 
bans the use of DOD funds for an ATT secretariat, created for ‘‘effectively im-plementing’’ the ATT, according to the treaty’s supporters. 
Appallingly and equally unaccept-
able, ATT backers seek to put the U.S. on the hook to fund the activities of a treaty to which it is not a party. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member for including this amend-ment in the en bloc amendments. I urge my colleagues to stand with me in support of the Second Amendment, our Nation’s sovereignty, and vote in sup-port of this amendment to renew the annual ban on the funding of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have left? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
has 5 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank my 
colleague. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of 
the Castor amendment, which is an amendment in support of military fam-ilies across the country. It expresses the sense of Congress that, when it comes to housing military members, the Pentagon should factor in the com-muting times for base personnel and the land available for on-base housing. 
On-base housing is a critical readi-
ness issue. Having our servicemembers as close to their assignments as pos-
sible is vital. DOD must ensure that the decisions relating to base housing take into account relevant factors, and each base is different. 
For example, at MacDill Air Force 
Base in my hometown in Tampa, Flor-ida, it is home to the 6th Air Mobility Wing, United States Special Operations Command, and United States Central Command. 
The recent expansion of on-base 
housing for military families has been a great success. Pursuant to a public- private partnership that was author-ized in 2007, 572 homes have been con-structed on the base. This has been a godsend for the families at MacDill, and here is why: the neighborhoods closest to the base are expensive and out of reach for many military fami-
lies, so servicemembers oftentimes buy homes about 30 miles away and then commute to the base. 
This recent public-private partner-
ship at MacDill has been a win-win for the military and the families who serve. In fact, one top Pentagon official who oversees installations noted that the MacDill Air Force Base housing initiative was one of her favorites, forcewide, and was exceptional. 
Think about the difference it makes 
to that military family when they can live close to where they work and where their children attend school. 
Now, until recently, the Air Force 
and the housing contractor were dis-cussing the next phase of on-base hous-ing. MacDill has over 330 families on a waiting list. Unfortunately, despite the long waiting list, the obvious demand, the Air Force has inexplicably termi-nated discussions. 
If this is happening in my commu-
nity, it could be happening in yours, and with scarce Federal dollars, we must continue to encourage fruitful public-private partnerships and the best interests of our brave men and women in the service. 
I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY , 
Ranking Member S MITH, and Mr. L AR-
SEN for their support of the amend-
ment, and I urge adoption. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
support the en bloc. I hope all Members will, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Chair, I rise today to 
support the Crowley-Engel-Holding-Bera- Royce amendment to the 2016 NDAA. 
As Co-Chair of the House India Caucus, I 
am privileged to spend time highlighting the robust and growing relationship between the United States and India to my colleagues and to my constituents. 
With the emerging challenges our two na-
tions face in the Indo-Pacific region, we must place an emphasis on increasing the collabo-ration between our two defense departments and defense industries. 
In January to move this collaboration for-
ward, the United States and India signed the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.005 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3223 May 15, 2015 
‘‘Joint Strategic Vision for the Asia Pacific and 
Indian Ocean Region’’ laying out our shared principles and views for security in the region. 
Our two nations also agreed to renew—and 
upgrade—our ten year defense framework well before its expiration date which truly shows our commitment to working together. 
The United States and India are on the 
same page and through the diligent work of the Defense Technology and Trade Initiative along with the Department of Defense’s India Rapid Reaction Cell, defense cooperation be-tween our two nations is on the right trajec-tory. 
But more can, should, and will be done to 
bring us closer together on defense. 
Mr. Chair, India has a vital role to play in 
the Indo-Pacific by becoming a regional secu-rity provider and the United States should con-tinue to work lockstep with our counterparts in New Delhi to achieve this. 
And Mr. Chair, that is precisely what our 
amendment supports. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendments en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 7 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 107, 108, 109, 110, 111, 119, 120, 121, 125, 126, and 127 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 107 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
OF COLORADO  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REPORT ON ACTIONS TO ENSURE 
QATAR IS PREVENTING TERRORIST LEADERS AND FINANCIERS FROM OPERATING IN ITS COUNTRY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Qatar is an important partner in the re-
gion and has played a significant role in fighting ISIS; 
(2) Qatar has provided significant enablers 
to the United States in its wars in Iraq and Afghanistan by hosting United States forces; 
(3) Qatar has unfortunately allowed the 
leaders of Hamas, a United States-designated foreign terrorist organization, to operate freely in its country; 
(4) Qatar has also allowed United States- 
designated terrorist financiers to operate in its country; and 
(5) the United States should do everything 
in its power to encourage Qatar to crack down on terrorist leaders and financiers who are operating in its country. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on actions taken by the United States Gov-ernment to ensure that Qatar is preventing terrorist leaders and financiers from oper-ating in its country. 
AMENDMENT NO . 108 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
OF COLORADO  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 12xx. UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR JOR-
DAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: (1) The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan re-
mains a steadfast partner and the armed forces of Jordan are among the United States’ strongest military partners. 
(2) Jordan’s civil and military leadership 
continue to provide a positive example of professionalism and moderation. 
(3) The Colorado National Guard’s relation-
ship with the Jordanian military provides a significant benefit to both the United States and Jordan. 
(4) The armed forces of Jordan fought 
alongside United States forces in Afghani-stan and are currently flying combat sorties as part of the counter-ISIL Coalition. 
(5) Jordan continues to provide critical 
basing support for Operation Inherent Re-solve missions. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Jordan is one of our most important al-
lies in the region and the United States should support Jordan’s military efforts to the greatest extent possible, including by providing military equipment and training; and 
(2) the President should make every effort 
to ensure rapid responses to any military re-quests for assistance from Jordan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 109 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
CALIFORNIA  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII (page 
622, after line 22), add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REPORT ON UNITED STATES EFFORTS 
TO COMBAT BOKO HARAM AND SUP-PORT REGIONAL ALLIES AND OTHER PARTNERS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) combating Boko Haram is in the na-
tional security interest of the United States; 
(2) the United States should support re-
gional partners, including the African Union- authorized Multinational Joint Task Force, through training and advice and the provi-sion of key enablers to strengthen operations against Boko Haram; and 
(3) United States support for these regional 
efforts should be integrated into a com-prehensive strategy to support security and stability in the region. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the following: 
(A) An assessment of the threat of Boko 
Haram to United States national security in-terests. 
(B) A description of United States efforts 
to combat Boko Haram, including the au-thorities to carry out such efforts and the roles and missions of the Department of De-fense and Department of State. 
(C) An assessment of the capabilities, 
shortfalls, and progress made by United States-supported regional partners, includ-ing the African Union-authorized Multi-national Joint Task Force, to combat Boko Haram. 
(D) A description of military equipment, 
supplies, training, and other defense articles and services, including by type, quantity, and prioritization of such items, required to combat Boko Haram effectively and the gaps within regional allies to engage in the mis-sion to combat Boko Haram. 
(E) A description of military equipment, 
supplies, training, and other defense articles and services, including by type, quantity, and actual or estimated delivery date, that the United States Government has provided, is providing, and plans to provide to regional allies and other partners to combat Boko Haram. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified in form, but may contain a classified annex. 
(3) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 110 OFFERED BY MR . 
SCHWEIKERT OF ARIZONA  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 12xx. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON UNITED 
STATES SUPPORT FOR TUNISIA. 
It is the sense of Congress that it is a na-
tional security priority of the United States to support the Republic of Tunisia and to co-operate with Tunisia by providing assistance to combat the growing terrorist threat from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or other terrorist organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 111 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
OHIO 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 12xx. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FUTURE OF 
NATO AND ENLARGEMENT INITIA-TIVES. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Congress de-
clares that— 
(1) the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
(NATO) has been the cornerstone of trans-atlantic security cooperation and an endur-ing instrument for promoting stability in Europe and around the world for over 65 years; 
(2) the incorporation of the Czech Republic, 
Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Al-bania, and Croatia has been essential to the success of NATO in this modern era; 
(3) these countries have over time added to 
and strengthened the list of key European allies of the United States; 
(4) since joining NATO, these member 
states have remained committed to the col-lective defense of the Alliance and have dem-onstrated their will and ability to contribute to transatlantic solidarity and assume in-creasingly more responsibility for inter-national peace and security; 
(5) since joining the Alliance, these NATO 
members states have contributed to numer-ous NATO-led peace, security, and stability operations, including participation in the International Security Assistance Force’s (ISAF) mission in Afghanistan; 
(6) these NATO member states have be-
come reliable partners and supporters of as-piring members and the United States recog-nizes their continued efforts to aid in further enlargement initiatives; 
(7) at the 2014 Summit in Wales, NATO de-
clared that ‘‘The Open Door Policy under Ar-ticle 10 of the Washington Treaty is one of the Alliance’s great successes.’’; and 
(8) at the 2014 Summit in Wales, NATO de-
clared that ‘‘NATO’s door will remain open to all European democracies which share the values of our Alliance, which are willing and able to assume the responsibilities and obli-gations of membership, which are in a posi-tion to further the principles of the Treaty, 
and whose inclusion will contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the United States should— (A) continue to work with aspirant coun-
tries to prepare such countries for entry into NATO; 
(B) seek NATO membership for Monte-
negro; 
(C) continue supporting a Membership Ac-
tion Plan (MAP) for Georgia; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.003 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3224 May 15, 2015 
(D) encourage the leaders of Macedonia and 
Greece to find a mutually agreeable solution to the name dispute between the two coun-tries; 
(E) seek a Dayton II agreement to resolve 
the constitutional issues of Bosnia and Herzegovina; 
(F) work with the Republic of Kosovo to 
prepare the country for entrance into the Partnership for Peace (PfP) program; 
(G) take a leading role in working with 
NATO member states to identify, through consensus, the current and future security threats facing the Alliance; and 
(H) take a leading role to work with NATO 
allies to ensure the Alliance maintains the required capabilities, including the gains in interoperability from combat in Afghani-stan, necessary to meet the security threats to the Alliance; 
(2) NATO member states should review de-
fense spending to ensure sufficient funding is obligated to meet NATO responsibilities; and 
(3) the United States should remain com-
mitted to maintaining a military presence in Europe as a means of promoting allied inter-operability and providing visible assurance to NATO allies in the region. 
AMENDMENT NO . 119 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
Page 700, after line 25, insert the following: 
SEC. 1657. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PLAN FOR IM-
PLEMENTATION OF NUCLEAR EN-TERPRISE REVIEWS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-
retary of Defense should submit to Congress a plan on how the Secretary plans to imple-ment the full recommendations of the two nuclear enterprise reviews, conducted and then validated by the Air Force, one of which was conducted by Assistant Secretary Madelyn Creedon and Rear Admiral Peter Fanta and one of which was conducted by General Walsh and Admiral Harvey. The plan submitted under this section should include a timeline for when each recommendation shall be implemented and how the additional manpower recommendations shall be allo-cated. 
AMENDMENT NO . 120 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
OF ILLINOIS  
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI (page 
700, after line 25), add the following new sec-tion: 
SEC. 1657. REPORT ON THE NUMBER OF 
PLANNED NUCLEAR-ARMED CRUISE MISSILES. 
Not later than 120 days after the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the jus-tification of the number of planned nuclear- armed cruise missiles, known as the Long Range Standoff Weapon, to the U.S. arsenal. The report shall include— 
(1) the rationale for procuring the expected 
number of cruise missiles; 
(2) how the number of planned missiles 
aligns with U.S. nuclear employment strat-egy; 
(3) an estimate of the annual and total cost 
for research, development, test, and evalua-tion and procurement for the total number of planned cruise missiles; and 
(4) an estimate of the proportional annual 
cost of the cruise missiles as compared to the annual cost of nuclear triad and annual defense spending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 121 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
ALABAMA  
Page 715, line 25, strike ‘‘terms,’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘2015’’ on page 716, line 1, and insert ‘‘terms and conditions’’. 
Page 716, line 5, after ‘‘2014’’ insert ‘‘, sub-
ject to an amended agreement for coproduc-tion for radar components’’. 
Page 718, line 18, insert after ‘‘agreements’’ 
the following: ‘‘that inform a production de-cision’’. Page 718, line 25, insert before the semi-
colon the following: ‘‘or in an amount that meets best efforts, as mutually agreed by the United States and Israel’’. 
Page 720, after line 2, insert the following 
new subsection: 
(c) W
AIVER .—The Director may waive the 
requirements of subsection (b) to carry out subparagraphs (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(1) if the Under Secretary certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the Under Secretary has sufficient data from the Government of Israel to demonstrate the fol-lowing: 
(1) Such subparagraphs will be carried out 
solely for funding procurement of long-lead components in accordance with a production plan, including a funding profile detailing Israeli contributions for production of either David’s Sling or Arrow 3. 
(2) Such long-lead components have com-
pleted the research and development tech-nology development phase. 
(3) The long-lead procurement will be con-
ducted in a manner that maximizes co-pro-duction in the United States without incur-ring additional non-recurring engineering activity or cost. 
AMENDMENT NO . 125 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
Page 775, after line 19, insert the following: 
SEC. 2804. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
BASE HOUSING PROJECTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-
ment of Defense should take into consider-ation, when prioritizing base housing projects, commuting times for base per-sonnel and land available for development on the base. 
AMENDMENT NO . 126 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
OF IOWA  
Add at the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII 
the following new section: 
SEC. 28 ll. ARSENAL INSTALLATION REUTILIZA-
TION AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2667 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (h), (i), 
and (j) as subsections (i), (j), and (k), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(h) A
RSENAL INSTALLATION REUTILIZATION  
AUTHORITY .—(1) In the case of a military 
manufacturing arsenal, the Secretary con-cerned may authorize leases and contracts for a term of up to 25 years, notwithstanding subsection (b)(1), if the Secretary determines that a lease or contract of that duration will promote the national defense or be in the public interest for the purpose of— 
‘‘(A) helping to maintain the viability of 
the military manufacturing arsenal and any military installations on which it is located; 
‘‘(B) eliminating, or at least reducing, the 
cost of Government ownership of the mili-tary manufacturing arsenal, including the costs of operations and maintenance, the costs of environmental remediation, and other costs; and 
‘‘(C) leveraging private investment at the 
military manufacturing arsenal through long-term facility use contracts, property management contracts, leases, or other agreements that support and advance the preceding purposes. 
‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary concerned my dele-
gate the authority provided by this sub-section to the commander of the military manufacturing arsenal or, if part of a larger military installation, the installation com-mander. 
‘‘(B) The delegated authority does not in-
clude the authority to enter into a lease or contract under this section to carry out any activity covered by section 4544(b) of this title related to— ‘‘(i) the sale of articles manufactured by a 
military manufacturing arsenal; 
‘‘(ii) the sale of services performed by a 
military manufacturing arsenal; or 
‘‘(iii) the performance of manufacturing 
work at the military manufacturing arsenal. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘military 
manufacturing arsenal’ means a Govern-ment-owned, Government-operated defense plant of the Department of the Defense that manufactures weapons, weapon components, or both.’’. 
(b) C
ROSS REFERENCES .—(1) Section 
2662(b)(3)(E) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2667(h)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2667(i)(2)’’. 
(2) Section 6981(a)(2) of such title is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘2667(h)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘2667(i)(2)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 127 OFFERED BY MR . SCALISE  
OF LOUISIANA  
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII 
(page 795, after line 2), add the following new section: 
SEC. 2834. RELEASE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS 
RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMP VILLERE, LOUISIANA. 
(a) R ELEASE OF RETAINED INTERESTS .—With 
respect to a parcel of real property at Camp Villere, Louisiana, consisting of approxi-mately 48.04 acres and conveyed by quit- claim deed for National Guard purposes by the United States to the State of Louisiana pursuant to section 616 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act, 1975 (titles I through VI of Public Law 93–553; 88 Stat. 1768), the Secretary of the Army may release the terms and conditions imposed by the United States under subsection (b) of such section and the reversionary interest re-tained by the United States under subsection (c) of such section. The release of such terms and conditions and retained interests with respect to any portion of that parcel shall not be construed to alter the rights or inter-ests retained by the United States with re-spect to the remainder of the real property conveyed to the State under such section. 
(b) C
ONDITION OF RELEASE .—The release au-
thorized by subsection (a) of terms and con-ditions and retained interests shall be sub-ject to the condition that the State of Lou-isiana— 
(1) transfer the parcel of real property de-
scribed in such subsection from the Lou-isiana Military Department to the Louisiana Agricultural Finance Authority for the pur-pose of permitting the Louisiana Agricul-tural Finance Authority to use the parcel for any purposes allowed by State law; and 
(2) make available to the Louisiana Mili-
tary Department real property to replace the transferred parcel that is suitable for use for National Guard training and operational support for emergency management and homeland defense activities. 
(c) I
NSTRUMENT OF RELEASE AND DESCRIP -
TION OF PROPERTY .—The Secretary of the 
Army may execute and file in the appro-priate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instrument reflecting the release of terms and conditions and re-tained interests under subsection (a). The exact acreage and legal description of the property described in such subsection shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. 
(d) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
the Army may require the State of Lou-isiana to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release of retained interests under sub-section (a), including survey costs, costs re-lated to environmental documentation, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.002 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3225 May 15, 2015 
other administrative costs related to the 
conveyance. If amounts paid to the Sec-retary in advance exceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the release of retained interests under subsection (a) shall be cred-ited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the release of retained inter-ests. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
The Secretary of the Army may require such additional terms and conditions in connec-tion with the release of retained interests under subsection (a) as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. L AR-
SEN) each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman this en bloc package 
consists of 11 amendments. They touch such important subjects as the nuclear enterprise review, the long-range standoff weapon, military manufac-turing arsenals, and a variety of other very important topics. 
They are sponsored by both Repub-
licans and Democrats. Four of these amendments are sponsored by Demo-crats. I believe they deserve the sup-port of the whole House, but I also be-lieve the full bill deserves the support of the whole House so that these im-portant amendments have a chance to become law. 
I hope all Members will support not 
only the package, but final passage. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ), the distinguished vice chair of 
the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. 
b0930 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of my amendment, No. 108, which is included in this en bloc pack-age. My amendment adds a sense of Congress provision regarding our sup-port for the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. Jordan is one of our most im-portant allies in the region, and I be-lieve that the United States should support Jordan’s military efforts to the greatest extent possible. 
The Jordanians are on the front lines 
in the fight against ISIS and have suf-fered the consequences of the Presi-dent’s policy failures regarding Syria. Jordan is under fire from those who wish to do it harm, and we must stand by a country that has been a force for good in the region. 
In Colorado, we have a unique inter-
est in this relationship, as the Colorado National Guard is partnered with the Jordanian military through the State 
Partnership Program. Colorado guards-men are helping train Jordanian serv-icemembers. This is just one of the ways that we can help stand with our friends in Jordan. 
I thank the chairman for including 
this amendment in the en bloc pack-age, and I urge its adoption. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to echo the 
comments of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) about en bloc 
No. 7 and its bipartisan nature. I would encourage Members to support it. 
With that, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). 
Mr. FOSTER. I would like to thank 
the ranking member for yielding and the chairman and his staff for working with me on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, the National Defense 
Authorization Act tasks the Missile Defense Agency with developing a con-cept for a space-based missile defense system. There is no doubt that missile defense—if technologically feasible, militarily robust, and economically justifiable—would be an important pri-ority for our national security. But as a scientist, I think that we need to do our homework before we begin invest-ing hundreds of billions of dollars into developing this system, and that is why I am introducing this amendment to require a preliminary cost estimate for this project. 
A 2012 report by the National Acad-
emy of Sciences estimated that even to provide limited coverage, hundreds of interceptors would be required to stop an incoming ballistic missile. Because of the cost to launch, maintain, oper-ate, and replenish the interceptors, even a limited system would cost a minimum of $200 billion. 
We must do our due diligence before 
investing billions of taxpayer dollars into any project. So I urge my col-leagues to join me and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
at this point, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ), the distinguished 
chairman of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I very 
much appreciate Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY and the Armed Services Com-
mittee for working collaboratively on this important amendment. 
In speaking on behalf of this Royce- 
Maloney amendment, I want to recog-nize the leadership of Representative C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, who 
has been dedicated in the fight against Boko Haram and dedicated in terms of trying to raise awareness on this. 
Many have seen on television the 
continued kidnappings of Boko Haram, the pillaging of villages, the taking of women and children as captives. I just want to tell you the story that we heard last year in our committee from one young girl, a survivor from Chibok, that touched the hearts of, I think, 
many people there that day. 
She gave this brave narration of 
what happened when Boko Haram broke in and, before her very eyes, killed her father and killed her 14-year- old brother. She is one of the few from her village who survived. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. ROYCE. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
So I just want to say this: Nigeria 
and its neighbors—Chad, Niger, Cam-eroon—have been making headway in the fight against Boko Haram. They have cleared a number of northern Ni-gerian towns. Now we have an oppor-tunity with the African Union force— but it lacks equipment; it lacks capac-ity—for a protracted fight there. 
This amendment expresses support 
for robust security assistance, train-ing, equipment, the capacity building they need so that the African troops that are fighting against Boko Haram can continue to advance on the field. 
The amendment also requires the De-
partment of Defense and the State De-partment to produce a report to make sure the Congress is fully aware of the nature of the assistance being pro-vided. 
We need to support Nigeria and the 
African Union authorized force with all appropriate means. It is the best chance we have to eliminate Boko Haram, to eliminate this terror so that other young girls are not snatched and their lives destroyed. The region’s sta-bility, by the way, depends upon it. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
ARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I thank the ranking member for yielding and for his strong leadership. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of the amendment I have cospon-sored with the gentleman from Cali-fornia, Representative R
OYCE , and I 
thank him for his outstanding leader-ship not only on this issue, but on so many of them. 
This particular amendment expresses 
U.S. support for the defeat of the ter-rorist organization Boko Haram. Com-bating Boko Haram is in our national interest and is certainly in the interest of security in the region, and the United States should support the re-gional allies in their operations against Boko Haram, which are making signifi-cant progress in combating them. 
We just marked the 1-year anniver-
sary of the kidnapping of 270 young schoolgirls from Nigeria. This horror raised the awareness of the world to the terror of Boko Haram and what it has unleashed on Nigerians for years. 
The amendment clearly affirms that 
Boko Haram represents a threat not just to our Nation, but to the world, and certainly to stability in the region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.002 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3226 May 15, 2015 
The amendment calls for United States 
support—which may be in the form of equipment, training, technical sup-port—for a coordinated military re-sponse in Africa to combat Boko Haram. 
Since its formation, the coalition has 
made significant gains against this ter-rorist threat and has started to im-prove stability in the region. Many of the young girls have escaped and have come here to speak to us in Congress. 
The amendment also calls for reports 
to Congress on the progress of the mis-sion and an accounting of U.S. support. 
Combating Boko Haram is and should 
remain a national security interest, and we must remain vigilant in fight-ing this enemy. I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. 
Again, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for 
his attention, strong leadership, and for really saving lives in this region. He is securing stability in the region and for America, too. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman, I just want to show 
my appreciation for the work of Chair-man R
OYCE and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York on this issue with 
Boko Haram. 
I noticed in the headlines of this 
morning’s paper, Boko Haram has a new offensive against a military base in Nigeria. 
The contribution they have made 
with this amendment to the bill is very important so that the Nigerians and others in the region are better able to fight these terrorists. And there is no other word for them. 
There are also provisions in this bill 
to help the Ukrainians fight the ag-gression that they are undergoing, there are provisions in this bill to help fight ISIS, which is all part of the rea-son I believe this bill deserves the sup-port of all Members. 
I appreciate the contributions of both 
Members on this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the chair-
man for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, in the legislation 
today, there is a clause that would cause us to think about what to do in the High Arctic. The Arctic Ocean is melting. There will be a Northwest Passage. We are going to need a new heavy icebreaker to provide the sup-port for the Navy as well as for com-mercial. 
Yesterday during a hearing, we hit 
upon the notion of creating a special fund similar to what exists for the strategic missile submarines. We would like, therefore, to begin the discussion of a national strategic high-latitude icebreaking fund. That discussion could then merge into a way of funding about $1 billion for a new icebreaker, absolutely essential for the U.S. Navy, absolutely essential for the commerce in the Arctic Ocean as well as for pro-
viding us with the ability to compete with Russia. I would like to propose that that be discussed and part of the process as we move the NDAA through the committees and the two Houses. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I would encourage folks to vote for en bloc 7, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
encourage Members to do the same thing, as well as on final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendments en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 8 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 122, 123, 124, 128, 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, and 135 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 122 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER OF  
ILLINOIS  
Page 728, line 21, insert before the semi-
colon the following: ‘‘, including estimates of the appropriate identifiable costs of each such potential program of record’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 123 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
OHIO 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add 
the following new section: 
SEC. 16 ll. DESIGNATION OF PREFERRED LOCA-
TION OF ADDITIONAL MISSILE DE-FENSE SITE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the Secretary of Defense publishes the draft environmental impact statements pur-suant to section 227 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub-lic Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1678), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in consulta-tion with the Commander of the United States Northern Command, shall designate the preferred location in the United States for the potential future deployment of a mis-sile defense site. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
OF ILLINOIS  
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI (page 
732, after line 10), add the following new sec-tion: 
SEC. 1678. REPORT RELATING TO THE COSTS AS-
SOCIATED WITH EXTENDING THE LIFE OF THE MINUTEMAN III INTER-CONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE. 
Not later than 90 days after the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to Congress a report examining the costs associated with extending the life of the Minuteman III intercontinental bal-listic missile compared to the costs associ-ated with procuring a new ground based stra-tegic deterrent. 
AMENDMENT NO . 128 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, 
add the following new section: SEC. 28 ll. LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMPION AIR 
FORCE RADAR STATION, GALENA, ALASKA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of the Interior may convey, without consideration, to the Town of Galena, Alaska (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Town’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to public land, including im-provements thereon, at the former Campion Air Force Station, Alaska, as further de-scribed in subsection (b), for the purpose of permitting the Town to use the conveyed land for public purposes. 
(b) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The prop-
erty to be conveyed under subsection (a) con-sists of approximately 1290 acres of the ap-proximately 1613 acres of public land with-drawn by the Secretary of the Interior under Public Land Order 843 for use by the Sec-retary of the Air Force as the former Cam-pion Air Force Station. The portions of the former Air Force Station that are not au-thorized to be conveyed under subsection (a) are those portions that are subject to envi-ronmental land use restrictions or are cur-rently undergoing environmental remedi-ation by the Secretary of the Air Force. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of the 
Interior shall consult with the Secretary of the Air Force on the exact acreage and legal description of the public land to be conveyed under subsection (a) and conditions to be in-cluded in the conveyance that are necessary to protect human health and the environ-ment. 
(d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
the Interior shall require the Town to cover costs (except costs for environmental reme-diation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary of the Interior and by the Sec-retary of the Air Force, or to reimburse the appropriate Secretary for such costs in-curred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including sur-vey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected in advance of the Secretary of Interior or Secretary of the Air Force incur-ring the actual costs, and the amount col-lected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the appropriate Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Town. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
(A) S ECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .—Amounts 
received by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited, at the option of the Secretary, to the appropriation, fund, or account from which the expenses were paid, or to an appro-priate appropriation, fund, or account cur-rently available to the Secretary for the pur-poses for which the expenses were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with funds in such appropriation, fund, or account and shall be available for the same purposes and subject to the same limitations as the funds with which merged. 
(B) S
ECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE .— 
Amounts received by the Secretary of the Air Force as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited, at the option of the Sec-retary, to the appropriation, fund, or ac-count from which the expenses were paid, or to an appropriate appropriation, fund, or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the expenses were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with funds in such appropriation, fund, or ac-count and shall be available for the same purposes and subject to the same limitations as the funds with which merged. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The convey-
ance of public land under this section shall be accomplished using a quit claim deed or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.010 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3227 May 15, 2015 
other legal instrument and upon terms and 
conditions mutually satisfactory to the Sec-retary of the Interior, after consulting with the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Town, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary of the Interior, after consulting with the Secretary of the Air Force, considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 129 OFFERED BY MS . LORETTA  
SANCHEZ OF CALIFORNIA  
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add 
the following new section: 
SEC. 31 ll. LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAMS COV-
ERED BY SELECTED ACQUISITION REPORTS. 
Section 4217 of the Atomic Energy Defense 
Act (50 U.S.C. 2537) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN SYSTEMS .—For 
purposes of this section, an existing nuclear weapon system is deemed to be undergoing life extension if the expected total cost of the associated activities, including activities considered alterations, will exceed $1,000,000,000.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 130 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
At the end of subtitle C of title XXXI, add 
the following new section: 
SEC. 31 ll. ESTABLISHMENT OF MICROLAB 
PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in col-
laboration with the directors of national lab-oratories, may establish a microlab pilot program under which the Secretary estab-lishes a microlab that is located in close proximity to a national laboratory and that is accessible to the public for the purposes of— 
(1) enhancing collaboration with regional 
research groups, such as institutions of high-er education and industry groups; and 
(2) accelerating technology transfer from 
national laboratories to the marketplace. 
(3) promoting regional workforce develop-
ment through science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics (STEM) instruction and training. 
(b) C
RITERIA .—In determining the place-
ment of a microlab under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) the commitment of a national labora-
tory to establishing a microlab; 
(2) the existence of a joint research insti-
tute or a new facility that— 
(A) is not on the main site of a national 
laboratory; 
(B) is in close proximity to a national lab-
oratory; and 
(C) has the capability to house a microlab; (3) whether employees of a national labora-
tory and persons from academia, industry, and government are available to be assigned to the microlab; and 
(4) cost-sharing or in-kind contributions 
from State and local governments and pri-vate industry. 
(c) T
IMING .—If the Secretary, in collabora-
tion with the directors of national labora-tories, elects to establish a microlab pilot program under this section, the Secretary, in collaboration with the directors of national laboratories, shall— 
(1) not later than 60 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, begin the process of determining the placement of the microlab under subsection (a); and 
(2) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, implement the microlab pilot program under this section. 
(d) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of implementation of the microlab pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy 
and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives a re-port that provides an update on the imple-mentation of the microlab pilot program under subsection (a). 
(e) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of implementation of the microlab pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives a re-port on the microlab pilot program under subsection (a), including findings and rec-ommendations of the Secretary. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘microlab’’ means a small 
laboratory established by the Secretary under section 3. 
(2) The term ‘‘national laboratory’’ means 
a national security laboratory, as defined in section 3281 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471). 
(3) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Energy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 131 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
CALIFORNIA  
At the end of title XXXV (page 885, after 
line 19) add the following: 
SEC. 35 ll. PAYMENT FOR MARITIME SECURITY 
FLEET VESSELS. 
(a) P ER-VESSEL AUTHORIZATION .—Notwith-
standing section 53106(a)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, and subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, there is authorized to be paid to each contractor for an oper-ating agreement (as those terms are used in that section) for fiscal year 2016, $3,500,000 for each vessel that is covered by the operating agreement. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF OTHER AUTHORIZATION .—Sec-
tion 53111(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2016,’’. 
(c) F
UNDING .— 
(1) F UNDING INCREASE .—The amount au-
thorized to be appropriated pursuant to sec-tion 3501(5) for expenses to maintain and pre-serve a United States-flag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, is hereby increased by $24,000,000. 
(2) F
UNDING OFFSET .—Notwithstanding the 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 101, as specified in the cor-responding funding table in section 4101 for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, Auxil-iaries, Craft and Prior Yr Program Cost, Outfitting (Line 020) is hereby reduced by $24,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 132 OFFERED BY MR . SESSIONS  
OF TEXAS  
At the end of title XXXV (page 885, after 
line 19) add the following: 
SEC. ll. MELVILLE HALL OF UNITED STATES 
MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) G IFT TO THE MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-
EMY.—The Maritime Administrator may ac-
cept a gift of money from the Foundation under section 51315 of title 46, United States Code, for the purpose of renovating Melville Hall on the campus of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
(b) C
OVERED GIFTS.—A gift described in 
this subsection is a gift under subsection (a) that the Maritime Administrator determines exceeds the sum of— 
(1) the minimum amount that is sufficient 
to ensure the renovation of Melville Hall in accordance with the capital improvement plan of the United States Merchant Marine 
Academy that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) 25 percent of the amount described in 
paragraph (1). 
(c) O
PERATION CONTRACTS .—Subject to sub-
section (d), in the case that the Maritime Administrator accepts a gift of money de-scribed in subsection (b), the Maritime Ad-ministrator may enter into a contract with the Foundation for the operation of Melville Hall to make available facilities for, among other possible uses, official academy func-tions, third-party catering functions, and in-dustry events and conferences. 
(d) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The contract de-
scribed in subsection (c) shall be for such pe-riod and on such terms as the Maritime Ad-ministrator considers appropriate, including a provision, mutually agreeable to the Mari-time Administrator and the Foundation, that— 
(1) requires the Foundation— (A) at the expense solely of the Foundation 
through the term of the contract to main-tain Melville Hall in a condition that is as good as or better than the condition Melville Hall was in on the later of— 
(i) the date that the renovation of Melville 
Hall was completed; or 
(ii) the date that the Foundation accepted 
Melville Hall after it was tendered to the Foundation by the Maritime Administrator; and 
(B) to deposit all proceeds from the oper-
ation of Melville Hall, after expenses nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of Melville Hall, into the account of the Regi-mental Affairs Non-Appropriated Fund In-strumentality or successor entity, to be used solely for the morale and welfare of the ca-dets of the United States Merchant Marine Academy; and 
(2) prohibits the use of Melville Hall as 
lodging or an office by any person for more than 4 days in any calendar year other than— 
(A) by the United States; or (B) for the administration and operation of 
Melville Hall. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONTRACT .—The term ‘‘contract’’ in-
cludes any modification, extension, or re-newal of the contract. 
(2) F
OUNDATION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Foundation’’ means the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. 
(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed under section 3105 of title 41, United States Code, as requiring the Maritime Administrator to award a con-tract for the operation of Melville Hall to the Foundation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 133 OFFERED BY MR . CARTER OF  
TEXAS  
At the end of subtitle D of title V (page 179, 
after line 21), add the following new section: 
SEC. 5 ll. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROCESS BY 
WHICH MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES MAY CARRY A CONCEALED PERSONAL FIREARM ON A MILITARY INSTALLATION. 
(a) P ROCESS REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Defense, taking into consideration the views of senior leadership of military installations in the United States, shall establish a proc-ess by which the commander of a military installation in the United States may au-thorize a member of the Armed Forces who is assigned to duty at the installation to carry a concealed personal firearm on the in-stallation if the commander determines it to be necessary as a personal- or force-protec-tion measure. 
(b) R
ELATION TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW.—In 
establishing the process under subsection (a) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.004 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3228 May 15, 2015 
for a military installation, the commander 
of the installation shall consult with elected officials of the State and local jurisdictions in which the installation is located and take into consideration the law of the State and such jurisdictions regarding carrying a con-cealed personal firearm. 
(c) M
EMBER QUALIFICATIONS .—To be eligi-
ble to be authorized to carry a concealed per-sonal firearm on a military installation pur-suant to the process established under sub-section (a), a member of the Armed Forces— 
(1) must complete any training and certifi-
cation required by any State in which the in-stallation is located that would permit the member to carry concealed in that State; 
(2) must not be subject to disciplinary ac-
tion under the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice for any offense that could result in in-carceration or separation from the Armed Forces; 
(3) must not be prohibited from possessing 
a firearm because of conviction of a crime of domestic violence; and 
(4) must meet such service-related quali-
fication requirements for the use of firearms, as established by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned. 
(d) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘State’’ includes the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 134 OFFERED BY MR . LOBIONDO  
OF NEW JERSEY  
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 10 ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PAID-FOR 
PATRIOTISM. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) while recruitment and advertising in 
support of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard and Reserves, is appropriate, the taxpayer should not have to pay any or-ganization to honor the service of members of the Armed Forces; 
(2) instead of being paid by the Department 
of Defense to honor the service of members of the Armed Forces, these organizations should be motivated by patriotism to honor the service of members of the Armed Forces out of their own free will; and 
(3) any funds that the Department of De-
fense would have used for purposes described in paragraph (1) should be redirected toward post-traumatic stress disorder research and treatment for members of the Armed Forces. 
AMENDMENT NO . 135 OFFERED BY MR . NUNES OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Page 754, line 10, insert ‘‘United States’’ 
before ‘‘operational requirements’’. 
Page 754, line 10, after ‘‘operational re-
quirements,’’ insert the following: ‘‘not in-cluding the requirements of any other orga-
nization or country,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman, this en bloc package 
consists of 11 amendments. Generally, they are on the issues related to our strategic deterrence: our nuclear weap-ons, our ICBMs, missile defense against those sorts of weapons from other countries; in other words, they touch on very important issues that are cen-tral to our country’s security. 
They have been sponsored by both 
Republicans and Democrats, and I hope Members of this House will support 
this en bloc package. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I, too, support this en bloc package. I hope that the Members will vote for it. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no further speakers at this point, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time to once again say that I want to, first of all, thank the chairman. I want to thank all of the members of the committee and the staff for the hard work that they do and have done on this bill. 
Every year, this is a very, very dif-
ficult process, starting with the com-mittee markup, which, this year, I think—we probably didn’t set a record. We set a record for my time in terms of one day going until 4:45 in the morn-ing. 
But I just want to take one brief mo-
ment to recognize the staff that does just an unbelievable amount of work throughout this process. We see the amendments both in committee and on the floor that survive that process. The staff has to sift through literally hun-dreds more to try to boil them down, to try to find compromises, to basically try to work out whatever they can work out. I don’t think there are too many members of the staff on either side that have slept more than 2 or 3 hours a night here for the last few weeks. So I thank them for their hard work, and I thank the committee mem-bers for their hard work as well. 
It is the largest committee in Con-
gress. We have excellent members on it. During the course of the debate and during the course of putting together this bill, every one of those members contributed greatly to the product. 
As I have said before, there are a lot 
of good things in this bill. The reform package that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) has made of 
particular priority I think is a very good first step towards trying to get more efficiency out of the military in a variety in different places. And of course we fund a lot of very necessary programs. 
But we have one overarching problem 
that we have had since 2011, starting with the fact that we couldn’t pass the appropriations bills for 2011. And most have forgotten this, but at the end of March of 2011, we were looking at a government shutdown. We had a mara-thon 4-day, every amendment you can imagine on the appropriations bill, and, actually, I think it did go past the moment when the government was sup-posed to shut down before passing a CR, which pushed us then up against the debt ceiling in 2011, which wasn’t going to be raised. We were facing a situation where chunks of the govern-ment would shut downs in ways we couldn’t even predict, and I want ev-eryone to understand the impact that 
this has on the Department of Defense. 
b0945 
I vividly remember a dinner that I 
had in March of 2011 with then-Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, Pete Chiarelli, and I was asking him about how all of this budget uncertainty im-pacts the Department of Defense. He said: Well, we have got several hundred programs, and every day we try to fig-ure out which ones we are allowed to fund, which ones we are not allowed to fund, where we can get the money, what we can do, and how we can move it around. They didn’t know. 
For the last 4 years plus, that is what 
the Department of Defense has had to do. We have gone from CR to govern-ment shutdown to occasionally getting a spending bill to living with seques-tration and the budget caps. The one thing that this bill doesn’t do is it doesn’t resolve that issue. It goes to the overseas contingency operation fund while leaving the budget caps in place. 
As Secretary Carter has said, the 
overseas contingency operations fund is no way to fund the military and does very, very little to remove that uncer-tainty that I just described. So I want everyone to understand when I talk about the fact that I am opposing this bill because of its impact on the over-all budget, that is also very much about the Department of Defense. 
The Department of Defense is left in 
that uncertainty and also stuck with OCO funding, which is unpredictable, 1- year money that makes it very dif-ficult for them to plan. So this bill’s reliance on the OCO funding is a prob-lem for the Department of Defense. Leaving those budget caps in place is something that I am opposed to. So it is an issue directly related to the De-partment of Defense. 
Now, it is also related to the rest of 
the budget. We have caps that impact the Department of Homeland Security, that impact the Department of Justice, that impact those other areas that, by the way, are very important. I have had some folks mention ISIL and our fight against them. Those departments are incredibly important to that fight. They are still under the budget caps, which are, I believe, jeopardizing our national security. And then there are other issues, infrastructure being the biggest one that those budget caps con-tinue to hamper and continue, I be-lieve, to make our country less safe. 
So the fact that this bill locks in 
place and keeps the budget caps, relies on the overseas contingency operations fund, and, most importantly, does not lift the budget cap for defense is the reason I am opposing it and urging other Democrats and Republicans as well to oppose it. It doesn’t lift the budget caps. I believe that is harmful to the Department of Defense. So this is a defense issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I also point out for 
my conservative colleagues who are so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.004 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3229 May 15, 2015 
concerned about keeping those budget 
caps that the OCO goes right around them. I wouldn’t think that a conserv-ative who wants to keep government spending under control would encour-age the government deciding that they can create free money. The OCO doesn’t count against the budget caps. So it is like the money isn’t really being spent, only, of course, the money is being spent. It is $38 billion that we are just choosing not to count. It doesn’t fix the problem. 
Lastly, the President has promised to 
veto all of the appropriations bills and the defense bill that are based on this flawed approach to the budget. So what we are doing here is ultimately not going to be successful until we come up with a better long-term solution to dealing with the budget caps, and I will simply emphasize one more time that has a profoundly negative effect on the Department of Defense, on our obliga-tion to, I believe, properly fund and properly support the men and women who serve in our military. So, Mr. Chairman, while there is a lot of good in this bill, the ongoing budget uncer-tainty that it continues, I believe, is the fatal flaw in this bill. So I urge people to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I do appreciate all the work and the 
effort that went into it. I also empha-size that this is but one step in the process. We have got a long way to go, and I am completely confident by the time we get to the end of it, we will have a National Defense Authorization Act. It will be difficult. We have to work with the President, we have to work with the Senate, and people have a lot of different opinions, but this is but the first step in the process. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge us to con-
tinue working to hopefully get a better product that can get the support of the House, the Senate, and the President and fulfill our duty to pass this bill and support our troops. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, let me start with 
where the gentleman from Washington left off, that this is one step in the process. That is kind of what I have been saying all along. Earlier the gen-tleman said he is opposed to this bill because it locks in this OCO approach. No, it doesn’t lock anything in. If there is a better way to deal with our budget issues in the appropriation bills, then there is lots of time this year to do that. But the question here for the House is: Will we vote against a defense authorization bill—not an appropria-tion bill—but a defense authorization bill and prevent it from moving a step ahead? 
As a matter of fact, Mr. Chairman, I 
hope all Members had a chance to read the editorial in this morning’s Wash-ington Post. Let me just read the last sentence of it: ‘‘Far better for him’’— by which it means the President—‘‘and his party’s leadership in Congress to help an adequate defense budget keep 
moving through Congress rather than perpetuate a fight all Americans, whether Republican or Democrat, may later regret.’’ 
That is what we are asking here 
today: keep this adequate defense budget moving by voting for it. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, that doesn’t 
solve all the problems. The gentleman is exactly right. There are all sorts of appropriation bills and other things to come in this process. But to try to use this important bill and the authorities it gives as political leverage to some-how make that happen, I think, is not fair to the men and women who serve or to our country’s security. 
Mr. Chairman, there are lots of 
things that affect the military that this bill does not solve. I admit it. I don’t try to solve all of them. When you try to solve all the problems, you usually end up making a mess. But that should not take away from the good that is in this bill. So I want to just emphasize the good that is in this bill has come from both sides of the aisle, and I am incredibly grateful for the contributions the Democratic members of the committee made. Something like 110 provisions in the underlying mark were requested by Democrats. In the committee 96 amendments offered by Democrats were adopted into the mark. We have had 57 amendments offered by Demo-crats made in order under the rule. 
We don’t know how they are all going 
to come out yet, but the point is, a sub-stantial part of this measure has been written and contributed to by Members on the Democratic side of the aisle, as well as Members on the Republican side of the aisle. The truth is it is a better product as a result, and the truth is that it is consistent with the bipartisan tradition of this committee. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I want to end, ac-
tually, where Mr. S
MITH started, and 
that is to express appreciation to him for being a terrific partner to work with in formulating this bill and deal-ing with very complex, rapidly chang-ing subjects as the world is swirling around us. As he pointed out, we are the largest committee in Congress—63 members. But each of those members on both sides of the aisle have made important contributions to this bill. 
I would, like him, also want to appre-
ciate the staff. I think we are unique in the Congress. We have an integrated staff where I can grab someone on the Democratic side or a Democratic mem-ber can grab someone who works on the Republican side. They are all inte-grated, working on the same issues. I think that makes us stronger as a com-mittee. So there is an important bipar-tisan tradition of this committee, and it is because national security is so im-portant. 
Let me go back to The Washington 
Post editorial and read the first sen-tence: ‘‘There isn’t much bipartisan governance left in Washington, but if anything still fits that description, it is probably the annual defense author-
ization act.’’ I am pleased about that. I think that is what the American people want to hear because national security is so important. So for the suggestion to come that we are going to put na-tional security on the back burner while we try to solve all the budget problems of all the agencies and all the government, that is discouraging. 
Mr. Chairman, I hope that Members 
will not agree with that tactic, that they will listen to the better angels of their nature as far as supporting this bill because it is a bipartisan bill that is so important for our troops and na-tional security. I hope they will sup-port this en bloc amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong sup-
port of the Carter-Rigell-McCaul-Gohmert Amendment to the National Defense Author-ization Act of Fiscal Year 2016 and in defense of our servicemembers’ Second Amendment rights. 
Twice my home State of Texas has 
mourned the loss of our soldiers and civilians after shootings at Fort Hood just north of my district. In 2009, Nidal Hassan walked into Fort Hood’s Soldier Readiness Center, shouted ‘‘Allahu Akbar’’, and opened fire, killing 13 and wounding 42 others in the most horrific ter-rorist attack on U.S. soil since 9/11. 
Five years later, another shooter opened fire 
on the base, killing four and wounding sixteen others. This is on top of other deadly attacks on military installations, such as the Navy Yard shooting in 2013, and the 2009 shooting at a recruiting center in Little Rock, Arkansas, where another Islamist radical killed one and wounded another. 
In each case, one has to wonder if some-
thing could have been done to stop the shoot-ing sooner and to prevent more lives from being lost. For years, DOD has had a strin-gent policy which prevents well-trained sol-diers from carrying personal firearms on base in compliance with state and local laws. The Carter-Rigell-McCaul-Gohmert Amendment will responsibly adjust this policy and allow mem-bers of the Armed Forces to carry a concealed personal firearm if their commander deter-mines it to be necessary as a personal or force protection measure. 
This is especially important at a time when 
threats to our soldiers and military bases is growing. In March, ISIS published a ‘‘kill list’’ of the names, photos and addresses of Amer-ican soldiers. Since then, the threat level at U.S. military bases increased to ‘‘Force Pro-tection Bravo,’’ in response to the increased threat of terrorism. 
Mr. Chair, we must give our base com-
manders more discretion and our soldiers more protection. Thousands of my constitu-ents in Texas already exercise this right re-sponsibly. It is time for our servicemembers to be allowed to do the same. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.014 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3230 May 15, 2015 
printed in House Report 114–112 on 
which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 23 by Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER of California. 
Amendment No. 27 by Mr. L AMBORN  
of Colorado. 
Amendment No. 32 by Mr. B LU-
MENAUER of Oregon. 
Amendment No. 38 by Mr. L UCAS of 
Oklahoma. 
Amendment No. 41 by Mr. N ADLER of 
New York. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 413, noes 1, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 233] 
AYES—413 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais 
Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson 
Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lummis 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce 
Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—1 
Ruppersberger 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Lofgren McDermott NOT VOTING—16 
Barletta 
Bass Black Capps Cleaver Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Gosar Long Mulvaney Payne Perlmutter 
Ribble Scalise Sinema Stivers Wilson (FL) 
b1019 
Mesdames LAWRENCE, KIRK-
PATRICK, Messrs. TED LIEU of Cali-fornia, AMASH, DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mses. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, SPEIER, and Mr. KEN-NEDY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 233 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 182, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 234] 
AYES—235 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Lance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.016 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3231 May 15, 2015 
Latta 
LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Barletta Bass Black Capps Cleaver Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Gosar LaMalfa Long Mulvaney Payne 
Ribble Rush Scalise Stivers 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1023 
Mr. DOLD changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably 
missed votes on May 14th and 15th, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 225, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 226, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 227, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 228, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 229, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 230, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 231, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 232, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 233, and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 234. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . 
BLUMENAUER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 43, noes 375, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 235] 
AYES—43 
Amash 
Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Conyers Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett 
Ellison Farr Fattah Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Huelskamp Huffman Johnson, E. B. Kind Lee Lewis Lowey Meng Nadler Napolitano 
Nolan Polis Price, Tom Quigley Rush Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Speier Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Welch 
NOES—375 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Beatty Benishek 
Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan 
Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.007 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3232 May 15, 2015 
Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Barletta Bass Bilirakis Black Capps Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Gosar Long Maloney, 
Carolyn Mulvaney 
Payne Ribble Scalise Stivers 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1027 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Chair, on 
rollcall No. 235 I mistakenly voted ‘‘yea.’’ I in-tended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . LUCAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 190, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 236] 
AYES—229 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—190 
Adams 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Barletta Bass Black Capps Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Gosar LaMalfa Long Mulvaney 
Payne Ribble Scalise Stivers 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1030 
Ms. JACKSON LEE and Mr. LARSEN 
of Washington changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 236 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 178, noes 242, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 237] 
AYES—178 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.009 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3233 May 15, 2015 
Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey 
Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Barletta 
Bass Black Capps Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Gosar Long Mulvaney Payne 
Ribble Scalise Stivers 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1034 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 260, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. GALLEGO. Yes, I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Gallego moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 1735 to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the fol-lowing amendment: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 6 ll. GUARANTEEING A PAY INCREASE FOR 
MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES AND NO LAPSE IN PAY CAUSED BY A GOVERNMENT SHUT-DOWN. 
(a) I NCREASE IN BASIC PAY.—As provided in 
section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, and effective on January 1, 2016, the increase for fiscal year 2016 in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized for members of the uni-formed services shall be 2.3 percent. 
(b) R
ESPONSE TO LAPSE IN APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall take 
all steps necessary to ensure that members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps continue to receive compensation for their service in defense of the United States despite any lapse in appropriations after September 30, 2015. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill. It will not delay the bill, kill the bill, or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will proceed immediately to final passage, as amended. 
As Members of Congress, we must al-
ways honor our promises to the men and women who serve in our military. Unfortunately, I know firsthand what happens when Washington fails our troops on the battlefield and when we come home. I fought the Iraq war on the ground. I was shot at and experi-enced IED attacks, but because Con-gress didn’t follow through on its promises, our vehicles didn’t have the proper armor they needed. This failure cost my friends their lives. Later, when I got home, my friends and I suffered needlessly. 
When my friends and I got home, we 
suffered needlessly because of a vet-erans healthcare system that was shortchanged and mismanaged. These failures of leadership are what encour-aged me to run for office, to ensure that my generation of leaders takes better care of our troops than we were taken care of. 
That is why I am offering this 
amendment. It is to make good on Con-gress’ promise to give our military men and women a raise. The amendment will lock in a 2.3 percent increase for all of our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines. Last year, one in four mem-bers of our military had to rely on food pantries and other charities just to make ends meet. That is a disgrace. 
Mr. Speaker, our troops deserve a 
raise. My amendment does something else that is just as important. It en-sures that even if Congress shuts down the Federal Government, all of our brave men and women in uniform will still get paid. Why should our service-men and -women miss their paychecks just because we can’t do our jobs? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.013 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3234 May 15, 2015 
Why am I offering this amendment 
now? Because Republicans don’t appear to have learned the lessons of the chaos and confusion they caused by shutting down the government in 2013. Today, my Republican friends are risking an-other government shutdown by resort-ing to budget gimmicks, relying on war funding to pay for more routine oper-ations and maintenance. That is com-pletely irresponsible. 
My Republican friends are fond of 
comparing the Federal budget to a family budget. Mr. Speaker, working families, military families can’t rely on a special slush fund to pay for their daily expenses, and Congress should not either. We must protect our troops 
from the consequences of this Repub-lican leadership’s refusal to confront the realities of sequestration. That is why this amendment is so critical. 
Yesterday, Speaker B
OEHNER said 
voting against this bill would be shameful and that we would be turning our back on our troops. As a marine and a combat veteran, I can tell you that the Speaker is wrong. There is no shame in voting against a bill that cre-ates uncertainty for our military and risks another dangerous government shutdown. 
Mr. Speaker, the real shame would be 
to vote against the amendment that gives our men and women the raise and certainty they deserve. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, let 
me start by saying I very much appre-ciate the service of Mr. G
ALLEGO and 
all the veterans on both sides of the aisle who have served our Nation. I ap-preciate all of the contributions Mr. G
ALLEGO and all the other 62 members 
of the committee have made into pro-ducing this National Defense Author-ization Act. It has been a bipartisan product in the tradition of this com-mittee. 
You know, if you think about it, for 
53 straight years Congresses of both parties have passed and Presidents of both parties have signed into law a De-fense Authorization Act, and that has been true through Vietnam and the cold war and 9/11. It has been true through Watergate and race riots, and economic recessions and bitter polit-ical feuds. 
b1045 
And yet, through all those things, 
somehow the parties could come to-gether to do what was needed for our troops and for our country’s security. I think that that strong tradition of bi-partisanship is something that we should not walk away from lightly. 
We have heard some discussion— 
complaints, really—on both sides of the aisle about using OCO to get up to the President’s level. 
If you look at this chart, this is the 
President’s budget, and this is the con-gressional budget, which this bill is 
compliant with. There is a little dif-ference in where the light blue and the dark blue start and stop. But the net effect, when you add it all together, is exactly the same: $612 billion. That is what the President asked for. That is what this bill provides. There is no dif-ference between the two. 
I agree that we ought to find a better 
way to have fiscal discipline without the arbitrary caps and sequestration that are in the Budget Control Act, but this bill can’t do that. This bill is a de-fense authorization bill. It is not a budget bill. It is not an immigration bill. It is not even a defense appropria-tion bill. So if this bill fails, how does that get us closer to fixing our budget problems? 
The truth is we could all find an ex-
cuse to vote against every bill, every day, for what is not in it, but that doesn’t make a lot of sense. What is important is what is in it. And what is in it is really important for our troops and for our national security. 
As much as I appreciate Congressman 
G
ALLEGO ’s service, I find it ironic that 
he would offer an amendment that tries to make sure our troops get paid, even in the event of a government shutdown; and yet, by voting against this bill, the troops don’t get paid. How does that fit together? 
Let me just mention two of the 
things that are in this bill for our troops. One is a new retirement system for people who sign up for the military. Right now, 83 percent of the people who serve come away with no retirement. Under this bill, they can put some money aside, the government will 
match it, and they can have a nest egg. If you vote against that bill, that doesn’t happen. 
One of the complaints we have all 
heard so many times is that the transi-tion from Active Duty to the VA is problematic because you can’t stay on the same drugs. One of the things this bill does is say that they have got to have a joint formulary so you stay on the same drugs and you can take better care of the people as they transition. Doesn’t that make sense? 
I hope all Members had a chance to 
read The Washington Post editorial today. Let me just read the last sen-tence: 
Far better for the President and his party’s 
leadership in Congress to help an adequate defense budget keep moving through Con-gress rather than perpetuate a fight all Americans, whether Republican or Demo-crat, may later regret. 
I think that is the bottom line. This 
doesn’t solve all the problems. It doesn’t try to solve all the problems. I know we have got more debate, more discussion to come, but this is a step on what has been a very bipartisan bill. 
Mr. Speaker, here is the bottom line. 
We are incredibly privileged to have these jobs, to live in this country, but those privileges only come because brave men and women are willing to volunteer to serve and sacrifice for our country. Now, we can never match their cour-
age and dedication and sacrifice, but surely to goodness we can do better than use them as pawns for some sort of attempt to apply political pressure on issues that have nothing to do with this bill. Surely we can do better than that. And the way to do better than that is to vote against this motion and for final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed 5-minutes votes on passage of H.R. 1735, if or-dered; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 234, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 238] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.027 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3235 May 15, 2015 
Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—234 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Barletta 
Bass Black Capps 
Doyle, Michael 
F. Gosar 
Hoyer Long Mulvaney 
Payne Ribble 
Rouzer Scalise 
Stivers 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1054 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
238 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 269, noes 151, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 239] 
AYES—269 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—151 
Adams 
Amash Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Labrador Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Barletta 
Bass Black Capps Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Gosar Long Mulvaney Payne 
Ribble Scalise Stivers 
b1101 
So the bill was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.017 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3236 May 15, 2015 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, during roll-
call vote No. 239 on H.R. 1735, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following rollcall votes on May 14, 2015 and May 15, 2015 and would like to reflect that I would have voted as fol-lows: rollcall No. 228: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 229: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 230: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 231: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 232: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 233: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 234: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 235: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 236: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 237: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 238: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 239: ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 1735, NA-TIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical cor-rections in the engrossment of H.R. 1735, to include corrections in spelling, punctuation, section and title num-bering, cross-referencing, conforming amendments to the table of contents and short titles, and the insertion of appropriate headings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
OST). Is there objection to the request 
of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1247 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent to have my name removed as cosponsor from H.R. 1247. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, 
MAY 15, 2015, TO MONDAY, MAY 18, 2015 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 18, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
CONGRESSIONAL-EXECUTIVE COMMISSION ON THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Congressional- Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: 
Mr. F
RANKS , Arizona 
Mr. P ITTENGER , North Carolina 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Illinois 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: 
Mr. A
DERHOLT , Alabama 
Mr. P ITTS, Pennsylvania 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Illinois 
Mr. B URGESS , Texas 
f 
NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE 
WEEK 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, with 
this being National Infrastructure Week, I want to call attention to the crisis facing the Federal highway trust fund. 
In my home State of Arkansas, the 
highway and transportation depart-ment has canceled several projects due to the depletion of the trust fund. It is vital that we find a solution to this cri-sis that finances the trust fund for the long term and keeps our roads and highways safe for travel and commerce. 
This is why, next week, I plan to file 
legislation to plug the $15 billion def-icit in the trust fund without raising taxes. It will be commonsense legisla-tion that Members on both sides of the aisle should get behind in order to prioritize funding for our critical infra-structure construction and mainte-nance and to avoid these crisis dead-lines in the future. INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK AND 
INVESTMENTS 
(Ms. EDWARDS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, once 
among the world leaders in quality in-frastructure, now, we rank just 16th, according to the World Economic Forum. According to the American So-ciety of Civil Engineers, the overall as-sessment of our Nation’s infrastructure ranks the United States at a whopping D-plus. 
We have just 4 legislative days until 
the highway trust fund expires. As we wait for the majority party to end their dysfunction and come to some— any—kind of agreement on extending the highway trust fund, 660,000 jobs hang in the balance. 
I know now that in Maryland, 5,305 
bridges are in complete disrepair. That is nearly 27 percent of the bridges in our State. Just a few months ago, a woman was driving down the highway, minding her own business, when a chunk of cement fell down because it is in disrepair. 
I am not really sure how many lives 
the majority party is prepared to lose to dysfunctional and underfunded in-frastructure. I am not sure how much economic insecurity we are willing to cause the American people, but it is time for us to invest in our Nation’s in-frastructure, create good-paying jobs, $1 billion, 35,000 jobs all across the economy. 
Let’s get moving. Extend the high-
way trust fund. Invest in our infra-structure, our long-term infrastruc-ture. Create jobs for the 21st century. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 
NEWSOME HIGH SCHOOL SOFT-BALL TEAM 
(Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate the Newsome High School softball team, from Lithia, Florida, for winning the Class 8A State championship title. With a 5–1 victory over Coral Reef on Saturday, the Wolves secured their first State title in the history of Newsome High. 
In the championship game, the 
Wolves were led by lockdown pitching and power hitting from Cassidy Davis, a clutch performance in relief from Claire Feldman, and runs from Maddy Lyn, Hannah Pridemore, and Livia Chandler. 
The Wolves worked hard all year, 
playing a tough schedule in Hillsborough County. That helped them prepare for the playoffs, and it showed them and their opponents that they had what it takes to win it all. 
I am proud to represent these great 
student athletes in Florida, and I look forward to watching them repeat again next year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.032 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3237 May 15, 2015 
Congratulations. 
f 
EXPIRATION OF THE HIGHWAY 
TRUST FUND 
(Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, we have 
just 4 legislative days until the high-way and transit trust fund expires on May 31. Once again, we have been pushed to the brink because of Repub-lican leadership choosing to continue small, short-term patches, rather than a comprehensive and decisive planning document. 
We cannot gamble with our infra-
structure and transportation network. Our streets, our roads, our bridges, our railways are crumbling and aren’t up to par. We can’t afford to wait any longer for a long-term plan. 
The highway trust fund supports crit-
ical projects in our communities. In my district in San Bernardino County, it would help fund the Devore Inter-change, one of three routes in and out of southern California, improving transportation and increasing effi-ciency for channeling goods in and out of the region. 
The American people deserve better. 
They deserve safe streets and roads, de-pendable transit to get to and from work, and the opportunity for local businesses to grow and expand. With-out a long-term plan, Congress is part of the problem, not part of the solu-tion. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF COEUR D’ALENE POLICE SER-GEANT GREG MOORE 
(Mr. LABRADOR asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LABRADOR. Mr. Speaker, I 
come to the floor today on Peace Offi-cers Memorial Day to acknowledge and honor the life and service of Coeur d’Alene Police Sergeant Greg Moore. Sergeant Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty on May 5, 2015. 
Sergeant Moore’s 12-year-old son 
Dylon wrote these words to honor his father: 
My dad was the best. He would tell me any-
thing and was always there for me. All the times I was sad or lonely, he would be right by my side to comfort me. 
Dad would also reassure me that he was 
okay going to work by telling me he was Batman because he worked at night, had lots 
of gadgets, was skilled and charming. 
Also, wherever we went, he would know 
someone that was there. I would always won-der how and why he knew those people. 
Dad’s favorite place to eat was Qdoba. It 
ended up being my favorite place as well. 
He was a Boston fan, and he has gone to a 
couple of games, but I know he would have liked to see more. 
Every day, though, almost like tradition, 
we would wrestle on the ground and try to beat each other. I’ve only won once, but I have learned so many things from him. 
I love him so much because he was a good 
dad, always helping people, and I want every-one to know that he is the best. He was the best. 
Sergeant Moore, rest in peace. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor to day on 
Peace Officers Memorial Day to acknowledge and honor the life and service of Coeur d’Alene Police Sergeant Greg Moore. Ser-geant Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty May 5, 2015. 
Gregory King Moore was born in Walla 
Walla, Washington; he attended Walla Walla High School and Walla Walla Community Col-lege before moving to Idaho to attend the Uni-versity of Idaho. After graduating from the Uni-versity of Idaho he joined the Asotin County Sheriff’s Department before transferring to the Coeur d’Alene Police Department. 
During his tenure at the Coeur d’Alene Po-
lice Department he served as a Patrol Officer, Field Training Officer, and School Resource Officer. 
I did not have the pleasure of knowing Ser-
geant Moore personally. But the outpouring of support from his community tells me much about his character and service. More than 4,000 people attended his funeral, including officers from across Idaho, as well as Wash-ington, Montana and Canada. This outpouring of support warmed my heart and reminded me of the goodness of the people of Idaho. I hope this public support was comforting to Sergeant Moore’s family. 
Sergeant Moore’s 12–year-old son Dylon 
wrote these words to honor his father. 
‘‘My dad was the best. He would tell me 
anything, and was always there for me. All the times I was sad or lonely, he would be right by my side to comfort me. Dad would also re-assure me that he was OK going to work by telling me he was Batman, because he worked at night, had lots of gadgets, was skilled and charming. Also, wherever we went, he would know someone that was there. I would always wonder how and why he knew those people. Dad’s favorite place to eat was Qdoba. It ended up being my favorite place as well. He was a Boston fan and he has gone to a couple of games, but I know he would have liked to see more. Every day, though, al-most like tradition, we would wrestle on the ground, and try to beat each other. I’ve only won once, but I have learned so many things from him. I love him so much because he was a good dad, always helping people. And I want everyone to know that he is the best.’’ 
Coeur d’Alene Police Chief Lee White said 
‘‘Greg was part of a proud profession, and an even prouder police department. Greg did things right. He was a leader, he was a super-visor, and he was not satisfied sitting at a desk. In the end, and the reason we’re here today, is that he personified the oath that we take when we raise our right hand and we’re sworn in. Greg was killed protecting the life and property and way of life of the citizens of Coeur d’Alene, Idaho. He will never be forgot-ten.’’ 
Throughout Idaho hundreds of vehicles are 
now displaying a decal that reads K27 in honor of Sergeant Moore’s call number. I would like to add my voice to those that hon-ored Sergeant Moore by closing with phrase that had passed over the lips of those thou-sands who have honored Sergeant Moore over the past week. 
K27 rest in peace. HONORING FALLEN LAW 
ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on 
this day that we honor the fallen, who have been given the duty and obliga-tion to protect and serve, the Nation’s law enforcement officers, I also stand here to mourn those marines and those Nepal rescue workers who died on the side of a Nepal mountain, attempting to bring help and food and opportunity and survival to those who have been struck by this horrific earthquake and one that has followed. 
Many have died, and it is only the 
kind of integrity of Americans that, wherever there is need, we answer the call. 
The same today, as thousands of law 
enforcement officers gather on the west steps, we know that throughout our communities, where there is a need, they will come. 
Earlier this week, I submitted into 
the R
ECORD the numbers of Houston po-
lice officers who died in the line of duty. I honor them, and I honor those who have fallen and those who serve. 
As I end this 1 minute, I end it with 
a moment of silence. 
In honor of all of those who have fall-
en, our soldiers and our law enforce-ment officers, we thank you for your service. 
God bless you, and God bless the 
United States of America. 
f 
b1115 
DODD-FRANK REGULATIONS ARE 
CRUSHING SMALL COMMUNITY BANKS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak on an issue that I hear more and more about each and every day, that is, how regulations are actu-ally crushing and harming our small community banks. 
Just a week ago, I met with a group 
of small independent and community bankers who shared some pretty strik-ing stories. A set of regulations issued as a result of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law have now led to a more than 100 percent increase in the length of the quarterly financial status report that they must file each quarter. 
One banker said that it took his CFO 
4 full working days just to finish the report this year, and this is a CPA with multiple advanced degrees. Another said he has to pay the accountant now $25,000 just to review the reports for its accuracy. 
Mr. Speaker, these crushing Dodd- 
Frank regulations are having the di-rect opposite effect of their intention. They are hurting small community banks that are vital to providing cap-ital to the small businesses that keep our economy healthy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.034 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3238 May 15, 2015 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, as 
was referenced on the floor of the House, in 4 legislative days, funding ex-pires for transportation. I could actu-ally give my speech from last summer that predicted we would be exactly in this spot—nothing changed, more delay. 
There are three things that we can do 
to fix it: 
Number one, the President ought to 
issue an absolute deadline that he will not sign any extension that passes Sep-tember 30; 4
1⁄2months is enough time 
for Congress to do its work. 
Second, the Ways and Means Com-
mittee should get down to work with a series of hearings involving the people who actually do this out in the real world—contractors, business, unions, local governments. For the first time in 55 months, let’s have those hearings. 
And finally, let’s have action on leg-
islation that I have introduced, a gas tax increase for the first time in 22 years, similar to what has happened in Georgia, Utah, Idaho, Iowa, South Da-kota—Republican red States. If they can step up and take their responsi-bility, maybe Congress can do that in the next 4
1⁄2months. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday the House passed, with overwhelming bipartisan support, H.R. 1191, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which will allow Congress to review any deal on Iran’s nuclear program negotiated by the Obama administration. 
As the world’s leading sponsor of ter-
rorism, a nuclear Iran would not only destabilize the Middle East, but it would have serious repercussions here in America and across the world for generations to come. 
The United States must stand with 
Israel, our allies, and do everything in our power to prevent Iran from obtain-ing a nuclear weapon. And this legisla-tion allows Congress to have approval and oversight over any agreement by the administration. 
Mr. Speaker, President Obama should 
take a clear message from these over-whelmingly bipartisan votes in both the House and the Senate that, as ne-gotiations move forward, the adminis-tration must listen to the American people and their representatives in Congress. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. WELCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, as you 
know, in 4 days, our transportation fund will expire. This will be the 34th time in the past 6 years that Congress has failed to pass a long-term transpor-tation funding bill. 
We all know that our highways, our 
bridges, our airports, and our railroads are being neglected. We have got 20th century infrastructure with a 21st cen-tury economy. It is absolutely irre-sponsible for Republicans and Demo-crats—for the House of Representa-tives—to fail to pass a long-term trans-portation fund. 
Potholes don’t fix themselves, and we 
have got potholes in red States and in blue States. We also have, in all of our States, good, hard-working Americans who could be put to work if we would give that long-term funding. 
You know, you can’t build a bridge 
with 2-month funding increments. So in addition to a lack of money, there is a lack of certainty. It is not because there aren’t solutions. We have got good proposals from Republicans. We have got good proposals from Demo-crats. But we need a decision. 
We are not grasping for a new policy. 
And the thing that is unacceptable is for Congress not even to have a discus-sion about what will be the source of that funding. We should not extend an-other short-term highway fund. We should do our jobs and fully fund it. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO B.B. KING 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘The 
Thrill is Gone.’’ Legendary iconic gui-tar player and performer B.B. King passed away last night. 
B.B. King, born Riley B. King, born 
in the delta, lived a phenomenal life. He was born into poverty and was a sharecropper in Itta Bena, Mississippi. 
He moved to Memphis and went on 
WDIA radio, the first African Amer-ican-owned station in America, and be-came a disc jockey, Beale Street Blues Boy. That is where he got his B.B. name. 
He went on to perform and learn on 
Beale Street, and he went on to be one of the great guitarists of all time. He taught a lot of guitarists how to play and was their mentor, somebody they looked up to. 
Memphis was his adopted hometown. 
A club in his name is there on Beale Street, B.B. King Blues Club. 
He was a very, very nice man and a 
talented individual who rose to get the Presidential Medal of Freedom and Kennedy Center Honors. His art will live on forever. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
AMERICAN PATENT SYSTEM IN 
DANGER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. R OHRABACHER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), my very good friend. 
REPEAL THE OIL EXPORT BAN  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from California for yielding. 
This may not be the topic that he is 
going to talk about here, but I appre-ciate the time to be able to talk to something that is important to the folks of west Texas and is actually im-portant to all Americans. I rise today to bring attention to an important issue that is gathering nationwide sup-port, that is, repealing the export ban on crude oil. 
This week, I submitted an amend-
ment to the National Defense Author-ization Act that would, in fact, repeal the ban. While the amendment did not ultimately make it into the final bill, I would like to take a moment to talk about the importance of lifting that ban. 
First, let’s remember why the export 
ban was placed into law to begin with. Because of the OPEC oil embargo of 1973, Congress enacted the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act, directing the President to ban crude oil exports. At the time, the ban served a purpose: to keep our oil at home in order to reduce our exposure to the wildly fluctuating markets of that time. 
Today, though, the ban has outlived 
its purpose. It is an antiquated policy that is now only serving to harm Americans and punish domestic pro-duction. For example, right now we allow Iran to export more oil from their country than we do from our own domestic producers. This is wrong-headed and is long overdue for a change. The ban should be lifted, while leaving in place the necessary authori-ties to allow the President to act in an emergency and while preserving our Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
Some claim that gasoline prices 
would increase if the ban is lifted, but analysis shows that to be incorrect. It shows that prices will actually fall, re-ducing the cost of the product that American families rely on every single day, which is another reason to support lifting the ban. 
In 2013, the United States was the 
number one oil producing nation in the world, surpassing Saudi Arabia and Russia, a fact that many thought im-possible only a decade ago. 
Taking advantage of our Nation’s 
abundant resources by lifting the ban will, in fact, lower gasoline prices, cre-ate dependable, long-lasting jobs, and help expand our energy supply, making our Nation more energy independent. 
I urge my colleagues to listen to the 
growing voice of the American people. It is time to lift the export ban on crude oil. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to warn my colleagues and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.037 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3239 May 15, 2015 
the American people of several threats 
to their safety and their prosperity. These threats are observable from Washington, D.C., but may not be ob-servable to the American people. So I ask my colleagues to pay attention, 
number one, to what we are doing here, but I also would ask the American peo-ple to pay attention to what we are doing here. 
There are changes being maneuvered 
through our legislative branch and being mandated by executive orders from President Obama that will under-mine the economic well-being of hard- working Americans and put us in jeop-ardy as a nation, both economically and in terms of our national security. 
Those pursuing these egregious pol-
icy initiatives are fulfilling President Obama’s pledge to change America. And what most Americans believed was a commitment to make our country 
better, to change America, was, in re-ality, an elitist and, I believe, an arro-gant pledge to dramatically alter the basic and fundamental institutions and values that have been thought of by our patriots to be the essential ele-ments defining our country and, of course, ensuring our freedom, security, and prosperity. 
What are these threats that I talk 
about? What are these threats that we need to pay attention to? 
They are not coming from one polit-
ical party. They are not coming from the Republicans or the Democrats, as a party. You can see support across the board on both sides of the aisle on var-ious sides of these issues. It is also not a threat just stemming from one per-son or one political leader, but it is, of course, what we are talking about. 
This threat is coming from a very 
powerful coalition seeking profit for themselves, even if it impoverishes the people or diminishes, at least, the eco-nomic well-being of the people of the United States. 
Ironically, people who are enjoying 
their freedom and people who are en-joying their relative prosperity don’t pay attention to some of the very intri-cate matters that have come before us in Congress. But I can assure all of my fellow Americans, there are powerful interests who are paying attention, and they are doing what they best can do to manipulate the law in a way that will enhance their profits, even if it is being done at the expense of the well-being of the American people. 
We can see this in dramatic changes 
that are being suggested in something that probably is very boring and tame to most Americans when they even hear that someone is going to even talk about patent law—patent law, which is the legal structure that en-forces an inventor’s right to own and control the product of his or her ge-nius, labor, and investment for a given period of time. 
So I say, of course, that sounds pret-
ty mundane, patent law. Is it some de-tailed, intricate regulation and control of this area of economic life, of jobs, and things that we do in America? Well, it is more than that. It may 
sound mundane; but, in reality, patent law and the patent rights of our peo-ple—the right of our people to own the technology they have created for a spe-cific period of time—has been a signifi-cant determinant in our country’s way of life, our country’s quality of life, and the security of our Nation. 
This intellectual property right, the 
right through a patent ownership of 17 years’ control and—not only of 17 years of control, but also of profit from one’s own inventions, has been vital to our well-being as a nation and an essential part of the American Dream. 
Let’s note that this was a right that 
was written into the Constitution by our Founding Fathers. People know about the Bill of Rights. But the word ‘‘right’’ was only used in the body of the Constitution once, and that was a section that guaranteed that Ameri-cans—that what Congress should do is to make sure that Americans were guaranteed the right to control their own creations, if they are inventors or writers, for a given period of time, to profit from it so that they would have incentives to come up and be the most creative people in the world. 
b1130 
Our Founding Fathers believed that 
technology and freedom would uplift ordinary Americans and give all Amer-icans a chance at a decent life. And they were right. They wrote that into the Constitution. It is right there. I be-lieve it probably was under the influ-ence of my favorite Founding Father, Benjamin Franklin. What we have to recognize is that over the years of our country, what has made us a great na-tion is our freedom and technology. 
This is especially true for minority 
Americans and especially of Black Americans. Let me note that Black Americans, if you take a look at the history of our patent system, are dis-proportionately inventive. In the his-tory of this country, actually, as a pro-portion of their population, our Black Americans have been more inventive than any other group in our country. Why is that? Because patent law and property law were considered a con-stitutional right, and this was in the one area in which Black Americans were not discriminated against once they were freed in 1860 to 1865, when our Black citizens were freed. After that we found that more patents pro-portionately went to that community because they needed an opportunity to uplift themselves free from outside forces beating down on them and deny-ing their rights. 
Mr. Speaker, our patent system and 
the patents granted by Washington thus respected the rights of all of our citizens, including our minority citi-
zens. Thus, making sure that we have patent protection has been one of the great boons to our minority popu-lations, who otherwise suffered great discrimination and suffered from a lack of rights, except for the property rights that come from inventions. We see this has been good not just for 
minority Americans however. Let me note that we have, with technology, enhanced the ability of our people to work hard and get the job done and thus create wealth that was then owned by a large number of people rather than an elite. Of course, when people understand the importance of technology—and business has more and more come to the understanding that 
it is new technology that will give them leverage and control over wealth. 
There has been an ongoing attempt 
in these last 20 years to dramatically diminish the patent protection enjoyed by Americans, the patent protection written right into our Constitution. The fact is that, for the last 20 years, I have been personally engaged along with a small group of people who be-lieve that technology and freedom are essential to the well-being of our coun-try. M
ARCY KAPTUR of Ohio and others 
have beat back many of these attempts to diminish the patent protection of our citizens. 
Mr. Speaker, America does have a 
patent system now. It is the strongest in the world. It is the strongest patent system in the world. We have always been proud of that. We have been proud that it has resulted in the fact that or-dinary people have high standards of living here and they earn a good living from work because their work is en-hanced by technological superiority over their competitors. 
By the way, Mr. Speaker, people 
work hard all over the world. Every-body works hard. In all of these coun-tries they work hard like our people work hard, but they don’t have the technology that enhances their work and amplifies their energy and hard work so that more wealth is created. We have encouraged that since the day our Constitution was ratified. That is why our people, when they work hard, end up living better because it gives us a competitive edge over the slave and oppressed labor in other countries. 
We, in fact, of course, know that the 
prosperity of average Americans to us and to our Founding Fathers was an important goal. It wasn’t just we were going to have a country that worked, but it was going to be a system with re-spect for rights that would lead to a good and decent living for all of us, for all the people, and not just a small elite of businessmen. 
Well, we have done this over the 
years, and it has worked well. We have not had to have our own people who do work hard having to compete in terms of muscular and use of their physiques in order to produce goods, services, and wealth. They had the technology that permitted them to outcompete those other countries. 
Also, Mr. Speaker, it ensures we have 
a more secure country. Having a strong patent system where people are encour-aged to invent new things and to be in-novative has given us the edge over people who would do harm to our coun-try. It has been important to our na-tional security because we can’t take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.038 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3240 May 15, 2015 
on adversaries that don’t respect 
human rights. If America was trying to secure itself from threats from groups of people around the world, leaders and gangsters who have no respect for human rights whatsoever, we lose be-cause they are willing to lose all of their people, and they are willing for any amount of bloodshed to maintain 
control and power and, yes, to beat the United States and democratic coun-tries. 
Instead, Mr. Speaker, we have had 
technology at work helping defend our country, technology that would not have existed had we not had the patent protection that has been traditional to our country. Even look today what is happening. Without drones, where would we be? Without drones fighting the good fight against ISIL, we would have to have thousands of Americans there to fight that threat to mankind and the freedom of the world. Instead, we have joined with the forces in Erbil, which is the Kurds, in standing tough directly against this onslaught of rad-ical Islam, and they are holding firm. But without our drones there to help them, they would be overrun. 
So this idea of property ownership of 
technology, of your technological de-velopments, has been heart and soul to a prosperous and secure America. So when I say there are changes being pro-posed here in Congress, they are trying to manipulate through the system that will affect the prosperity of the aver-age American and the security of our Nation. The public and my fellow col-leagues need to pay attention because we are again facing a major onslaught, an attack on this fundamental right of technology ownership by those who create that technology. 
We are facing an onslaught that is 
being what? Being masterminded, being masterminded and being pushed by megamultinational corporations who are not operating in the interests of the people of the United States. They could care less about all of that. But they are operating after what they can do to enrich themselves, even if it is not in the interests of the people of the United States and the interests of our security. These megamultinational corporations have pumped millions upon millions of dollars into lobbying for changes in our patent system that diminish the rights of the inventor and enables these multinational corpora-tions to steal the intellectual property of our inventors and use it without giv-ing compensation to the owners. This is in direct contradiction to what the Constitution meant to guarantee and why it was written directly into the body of the Constitution that this was a right that Americans should be con-cerned about. 
Mr. Speaker, for the last 20 years 
there has been a stealth attack on America’s strong and effective patent system. Let us note that we have had the strongest and the most effective and recognized fair patent system in the world. All other patent systems have been judged against us, and now 
we have had these last 20 years an in-sidious undermining, and we are on the edge of a huge attack and perhaps suc-cessful destruction of fundamental pat-ent rights that have been part of our people for many years. 
For example, 20 years ago, shortly 
after I came here, I found that in the GATT—that is a trade treaty that we have—there were provisions that were snuck into the GATT implementation legislation. That is legislation we passed here in Congress in order to im-plement a trade agreement. These big corporate interests had put into the GATT implementation legislation without telling anybody two provisions that would have dramatically hurt the small inventors in this country. 
Up until now, the Constitution actu-
ally says that the inventors and the writers are guaranteed a specific time where they will control. They will be granted a specific time where they will control their patent, the rights to their patent, and the rights of their creative genius. Well, it has traditionally been that once you file, as soon as the pat-ent is actually granted to the inventor, then the clock starts ticking, and you get 17 years of protection. In different parts of the world, that is not what the law has been. In Japan and in Europe, it has been, oh, no, once you apply, after 20 years, even if it takes you 10 or 15 years to get your patent or 19 years, no, the clock is ticking then. You may not be granted your patent for 19 years, and then you have 1 year left, and that is no patent protection at all. 
So now they are trying to foist that 
on us. By the way, that would give peo-ple, knowing the clock is ticking— those small inventors in other coun-tries are faced by people who are trying to pressure them to accept lesser claims to the legitimacy of their pat-ent in order to basically prevent these guys, men and women, from being com-pensated the way they would be if they had a guaranteed term, which is part of our Constitution. 
Mr. Speaker, the other provision that 
was there 20 years ago was the 18- month publication demand. That is, after 18 months, when someone applies for a patent—now, it is that once some-one applies for a patent, that patent application is absolutely secret until that patent is granted. Unless you have a patent in your hand—then it is pub-lished for the world because their own-ership has been established. Well, that has been traditionally what our Patent Office and our patent protection has been. Basically, you have a secret and you developed it, you give it to the Patent Office. In fact, if anybody leaked that information, up until this point it has been a felony for anybody to tell anyone else until that patent is actually granted to the inventor. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, they want to 
change this and say, if you haven’t been granted your patent within 18 months, it will be published for the whole world. Think about that. Think about what I am saying. Before, for our 
entire country’s history, we have made sure that an application is secret so that nobody can get ahead of the in-ventor himself and the inventor won’t be put in a bad spot. We made sure that until the patent is granted it is secret. They want to change that so that after 18 months it is published. What if that patent takes 10 years to issue? That means the man or woman who invented this piece of technology, our competi-tors overseas will be able to use it for all of that time because they will know all about it, but the patent hasn’t been granted to the inventor yet. 
b1145 
I called that the ‘‘Steal American 
Technologies Act.’’ That is what they were trying to do. That is what it would result in, and keep that in mind. 
The large multinationals sought to 
weaken the ability of our inventors to enforce patent rights. Why? Why do they want these big companies here in the United States? Well, mostly, they are multinational companies now— they are big guys—and what they want to do is steal from the little guy—sur-prise, surprise. 
The big guys would try to manipu-
late the creation of law here that will enable them to take something from some person who has less economic power than themselves. Our constitu-tional rights are supposed to protect the little guy’s rights. We believe the newspaper should be able to be pub-lished, but little guys should be able to print a mimeographed piece of infor-mation themselves and distribute it or to gather. 
Actually, what is hard for me to 
imagine is that, if these big guys were actually trying to diminish the rights of religion or speech in this country, or assembly, there would be an outcry; but, because it is the rights to own technology that you have created for a given period of time—it sounds too confusing, and they have let this feel-ing that maybe the people can’t under-stand it, so they don’t pay attention— they have let that lack of attention give them an opening to destroy and undermine the rights of Americans, and I think this right is every bit as important as those other rights of reli-gion and speech, et cetera. 
What they have set up in these last 20 
years, it is an ongoing David versus Goliath because some of the biggest corporations in the world are behind the effort to change the patent law. 
Well, we beat them back. As I say, 
there was a coalition of us—Democrat and Republican, M
ARCY KAPTUR . We 
had some very good support from the Black Caucus. I might add that, again, they recognized how important inven-tions have been to the Black commu-nity; but we beat them back. 
It was a bipartisan coalition. We 
have had to, over the years, com-promise and negotiate certain things, but they have not gotten their way; but every time they have tried—they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.040 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3241 May 15, 2015 
have tried to overwhelm those of us 
who are preventing the diminishing of patent rights—they have had to use scare tactics, always claiming that there is a boogeyman, there is a boogeyman out there, and that is the reason why we have to attack the in-ventor, because there is something out there that is really threatening and it is sinister and it is a sinister force that has to be defeated, that is why we have to take away all of the rights of the in-ventors over here, because they have now tried to tell the story in a way. 
It is the equivalent of saying we are 
going to take away the rights of every American to sue someone—or a com-pany or anyone else who has caused them damage—because there are frivo-lous lawsuits. Yes, there are frivolous lawsuits. There are some people who misuse our legal system. 
The last thing we want to do is elimi-
nate the rights of all Americans to use the court system to protect their rights. That is basically what is going on here. Our own cherished patent rights to own what you have created— and this constitutional right that was given to Americans—is on the verge of being dramatically altered and dimin-ished and destroyed. 
By the way, the first boogeyman that 
was used in order to try to gain support for these very same two items that they snuck in the GATT, the boogeyman was called the submarine patentors. 
Submarine patents—that is all you 
heard about before—as if a person who was filing for a patent was a submarine patentor. Everybody has got to lose their patent rights in order to get the submarine patentor. 
What was the submarine patentor? A 
submarine patentor was—their defini-tion—someone who files for a patent and then does everything they can to delay the patent from being issued; and then, after years and years, the patent is finally granted, and they have got all this leverage on all the people who have used the technology in the mean-time. 
Well, I am sorry; there were very few 
submarine patentors—there were some—but the fact is most inventors were struggling to get their patents issued to them as soon as possible be-cause they needed the money, espe-cially the little guys needed the money, and they were struggling, ‘‘Please, give us the patent so we can move forward on this,’’ but, no, they were being presented as if they were trying to slow down the process. 
Well, we finally, after really fighting 
for 10 years on this, reached the com-promise, which my chief of staff, Rick Dykema, and myself negotiated, along with M
ARCY KAPTUR , who negotiated 
this agreement with us, that if, indeed, there is a patent applicant who uses his abilities or uses various powers that he has in the bureaucratic process to delay the issue of the patent, well, if that happens, then, indeed, that pat-ent, the time, the clock, has to start ticking against that guy, so he is using 
his own time when it has not been issued. 
Well, that solved the problem—there 
it was—without diminishing the rights of those people who were struggling to get their patents out, but took 10 years or 15 years to get the patent issued. 
That wasn’t a hard thing to nego-
tiate, a hard thing to do, but it was a hard thing to accomplish because the people who were pushing submarine patents were really trying to diminish the patent rights of all Americans so that they could steal from little guys and could take away their patent rights basically as soon as possible. 
Well, now, the current boogeyman is 
the patent troll. Now, there are some people who misuse and have frivolous lawsuits who use the patent system. There is no doubt about it. I might add this idea that people will be sent a thing—you are violating my patent, you either give my $5,000, or I am going to sue you, and then small businesses go along with it—there have been court cases now that have taken care of that. 
Obviously, that is a swindle and 
something we can’t put up with; that was happening to a degree, but there is no excuse, as I say, to eliminate the rights of all Americans because some-body abuses a right. That is not what is acceptable. 
The patent troll is being used as a 
straw man. We are going to have legis-lation that will get this guy who has these frivolous lawsuits and is creating such havoc among small-business men and ripping them off. Just like the sub-marine patents, that can be taken care of without eliminating the patent rights of our people. 
What we have now is the straw man, 
the patent troll. When you hear a de-bate on this issue, all you will hear is patent troll, patent troll, patent troll, not recognizing that every provision in this bill diminishes—it is H.R. 9 that is before our Judiciary Committee now— every provision makes it more difficult for the small inventor to enforce his patent against infringement by future megacorporations. 
Guess who is pushing this legisla-
tion? Huge megacorporations who want that little guy not to be able to sue a corporation that has stolen his intel-lectual property rights—this is basi-cally—but they are going to say: Oh, no, it is the troll we are after, the troll. 
Well, as I say, there have been frivo-
lous lawsuits, and there have been changes made in the judicial system itself of how to handle that, but there is no excuse for a troll—for this word ‘‘troll,’’ a straw man—get him to be used to damage and destroy the rights of the 95 percent of the technology cre-ators in our country, take away their rights to get this straw man. 
Well, let me tell you how the word 
‘‘troll’’ came about, the word ‘‘patent troll.’’ That is the reason you are hear-ing it. Every time you hear somebody say it, remember this. A group of cor-porate elitists got in a circle in a room—I know because one of the peo-
ple who was in that meeting switched sides and came over and disclosed that these corporate executives said: What can we do to make it sound so sinister that we can get this passed? What words can we come up with that will just basically create such a bad feeling that the American people will not rec-ognize that what we are really doing is trying to get the small inventor and make sure that the small inventor can-not sue us for things that we are using? 
Okay. They went around the room. 
This friend, the fellow who told me about this meeting, said: I came up with the words ‘‘patent pirate,’’ and then, by the time it got around the cir-cle, somebody came up with the words ‘‘patent troll.’’ 
They said: That is it. That sounds so 
horrible, we can distract everybody’s attention using that, and that is good enough. That sounds so evil that we can make sure that we go into battle using that in front of us, instead of we want to diminish the patent rights of honest, hard-working inventors who deserve to have a profit from their cre-ation of their technology. 
That is just how cynical this debate 
has been. Every provision of H.R. 9—a bill now sitting in the Judiciary Com-mittee—prevents—makes it more dif-ficult for an inventor to actually en-force his rights and sue a company that is trying to steal, use his property rights, intellectual property rights, without compensating him. 
Let me give you an example of some-
thing in the bill and the changes they are proposing. Now, they are changing to loser pays legal fees. If you have a small inventor and if he sues that com-pany and it is a huge company, that is usually what he has created and mak-ing profit from it, if he sues them and he loses, he will have to pay the legal fees for that huge company. 
Now, for the huge company, that is 
almost nothing. Taking on a case of one guy is nothing in their expense ac-count because they have got 100 law-yers in a stable, waiting to help and being paid for. Well, if the inventor loses, that is it for him. That alone is wrong. 
In this legislation, H.R. 9, they have 
added another little proviso to destroy the small inventor; and that is, if someone invests in his invention, if someone invests in the invention and he manages to be successful and comes up with a new piece of technology and he is granted the patent and some megacorporation comes along and in-corporates it and uses it and refuses to give this guy even a small payment for using the technology that he created, his intellectual property rights, if someone has invested in that inventor to help him make the invention, let’s say that, when that inventor goes up to battle Goliath in his megacorporation, and let’s say, even though he is right, he loses—because that happens some-times in our country many times, where some people with a great number 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.042 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3242 May 15, 2015 
of very sophisticated lawyers against 
the little guy, the little guy sometimes loses—well, what is going to happen now, according to this bill, is anyone who has invested in the inventor is going to have to be liable for the legal fees that come out of that suit. 
Who is ever going to give an invest-
ment to an inventor if that may open them up to liability? It is a liability, I might add, to some megacorporation, megamultinational corporation. 
Well, this provision just dem-
onstrates what is the purpose of that provision. The provision is to beat down the little guy so that the big guys can steal, and that is evident, very evi-dent; yet this bill is still moving for-ward. 
It is H.R. 9. It is in the Judiciary 
Committee now. As I say, H.R. 9 is the equivalent of saying: Because there are frivolous lawsuits, we are going to do everything we can to diminish the power of ordinary citizens to use the law and legal lawsuits for compensa-tion for damages done to them. 
b1200 
Every provision of the bill weakens 
the right of the inventor to enforce his or her own patents. 
This bill actually passed the House 
last year. We struggled against it here in the House, but what happens is 90 percent of the people here in this body are just so busy that it is hard to pay attention to something that seems mundane like a patent law, and they just can’t get themselves to focus on it. The American people also think that issues like this are so complicated that they can’t get involved, but that leaves the whole playing field open to huge corporations that are out to enrich themselves by basically structuring law in a way that the power and the wealth will flow to them. 
Supposedly, the system our Founding 
Fathers wanted was for the wealth to flow broadly across our country so that every American could benefit from new technologies and new wealth that was being created. Now they want to corral that wealth; they want to diminish our rights in order to enrich themselves. These companies are not companies 
that are loyal to the United States. They are being loyal to their own prof-its, and some of them are multi-national corporations that have actu-ally no ties, real ties, to the United States. 
Let me just suggest that this bill did 
pass the House last year, but it was stopped in the Senate because, by then, we had made so much noise here. As I say, a bipartisan group, led by myself, M
ARCY KAPTUR from Ohio, Mr. M ASSIE  
from Kentucky, and other very strong activists, got together, and we made so much noise that the American univer-sities finally paid attention because that bill that lets people steal patent rights was a huge threat to our univer-sity system. Had it been signed into law, the value of patents would have gone down dramatically. Let me go back to how that works. Remember, we were talking about a 
troll. What their definition of ‘‘troll’’ is is anybody who buys the patent rights from someone who has invented some-thing and has a patent but who doesn’t have the money to enforce it. Anybody who actually buys the patent rights but is not aiming at commercializing it himself and is going to enforce that and make a profit from it, that is going to be what they are stamping out. The universities are not there to commer-cialize what they are doing. They are there to basically have new discoveries, and they realize they have got a lot of patents that they own as part of their portfolios and that the actual values of those patent collections by the univer-sities would have dramatically gone down. As well, of course, the patent value of any American would have gone down at that point. 
Also, other industries that are really 
important industries to our well- being—PhRMA and others, biotech in-dustries—which struggle hard to come up with one patent that they then can sell in the market, are totally under-mined by this effort to weaken our pat-ent system. We managed to mobilize those people, and we stopped it the last time around; but the multinational corporations behind this legislation are so arrogant that this bill is now going to be shoved through again. This time, I think, with the American people, we can actually stop it here in the House, and we can certainly stop it in the Sen-ate. 
We need the American people to mo-
bilize and to call their Congressmen and ask: How do you stand on this ter-rible patent bill, H.R. 9? We need peo-ple who are going to stand up for the little guy in America, not for some megacorporation that is trying to per-mit the theft of American intellectual property rights by multinational cor-porations. 
Whether or not we succeed this time 
around is going to depend on, yes, the people here who understand the issue, fighting it out, being as aggressive as we can be, and the American people mobilizing to make sure we protect our sacred rights granted in the Constitu-tion. One of the most important, I be-lieve to be, is the right of technology ownership to people who create that technology. 
As I say, there are powerful interest 
groups in this city and in our country and in the world that try to change policy and are manipulating govern-ment. That is clear. That is fine. We have a democratic process. We just need to make sure that we are all being held accountable—that all of the Mem-bers of the House and the Senate are accountable for their votes—and that we know and the public at least has the chance to know what we are voting on. 
Actually, there is something hap-
pening right now where that is not true at all, and I sure hope the American people are paying attention to what is going on here in Washington con-cerning what they call TPP, the trade promotion pact, and then there is the 
TPA, which gives trade promotion au-thority to the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, which is a trade treaty with the nations around the Pacific. The sin-ister nature of this can be seen because this trade treaty with the Pacific na-tions is secret. It has been declared classified. 
Right now, if I had gone down and 
read what now exists of this trade trea-ty and if I had announced it here on the floor, I would have been violating se-crecy restrictions that they have de-clared—how about this?—in a policy about trade with major countries of the world, which will have an enor-mous impact on our well-being. It is being kept totally secret from the American people. How is that? Then they say Members of Congress can go down and look at it if they want to. Of course, as they have said, you can only do it within a certain time. They have regulated the time we can go down, and we are so busy that almost no Members of Congress will have gone down and read the actual documents that explain what that trade policy is that they are trying to foist on us. 
Please, I hope the American people 
understand that Members of Congress should not be voting on things that, number one, they don’t have access to, but we should not be voting on some-thing if we have not permitted the American people to know what that is. You will remember the famous state-ment by Ms. P
ELOSI about ObamaCare, 
which was that we have to pass it in order to find out what is in it. That is totally unacceptable. In trade treaties, these things will now pass rules and regulations based on this treaty that will impact our way of life here. 
Now, we have been briefed on it. I am 
on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and we were briefed on this the other day. The two main administration guys there—the people who had been Ambas-sadors and who are currently with the State Department—were briefing us. It is just like the boogey words over here, the scare words, in terms of patents. Now, this is all being used in just the opposite way with every glorious word—higher income for our people, more competitive for America, and all of the trade will come in our direction. Yet, when I asked these briefers, ‘‘Hey, have you read this treaty?’’ neither one of them had read it. So the people ad-vocating for this treaty have not even read the treaty themselves. 
I found a provision in the treaty, or 
at least I understand it is in there—I have not verified it yet because we have all of this trouble to go through to verify what we are being asked to support—that says that patents in the United States will basically have to be published after 18 months. If a patent application is made and if after 18 months the patent is not granted, the patent will be published for the whole world to see. Uh-huh. Does that sound familiar? They tried to put that over on us 20 years ago. We managed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.043 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3243 May 15, 2015 
thwart it then, and now they want to 
sneak it into a treaty, and the Amer-ican people are not permitted to know what is in the treaty. 
Will that hurt us in some way? It will 
only make all of our technological dis-coveries available for our competitors overseas to be using long before the patent is even granted to the American inventor. You see what type of sinister forces we are up against. Who can sit down here and say how wonderful this 
treaty is going to be when the Amer-ican people aren’t allowed to see it and when almost all of us have not read it and when our briefers who come here have not even read it? 
I asked them yesterday, these 
briefers, ‘‘Well, is this in the treaty?’’ They didn’t know. They didn’t know whether or not this provision on pat-ents was in there, which would under-mine our rights to control our own cre-ations here and have our opponents and our competitors overseas have all of the information about our technology even before the patent is granted. They didn’t even know that was in there. They didn’t know if it was or if it wasn’t. 
By the way, if I had gone down and 
had finally gotten through the maze and had read the actual wording in the treaty, I would have been required not to have mentioned it today on the House floor as we are being restricted because it has been declared secret from the American people. This is out-rageous. 
We don’t need to have a trade pro-
motion authority that will keep things from the American people, and we don’t need to have a trade treaty with the Pacific and with all of these na-tions in Asia that will open us up to having our technology stolen, but also we don’t know the other parts of it ei-ther. 
We keep hearing of the great things 
that are in it that are going to benefit the American workers, but we know what has happened in China. As for China, we were told, if we opened up our trade with China, China would modernize, and they would become a liberal, democratic country over the years. I call it the ‘‘hug a Nazi, make a liberal’’ theory. Basically, we were told that China would become a benev-olent force. As we know now, China is becoming a malevolent force. China is becoming a threat to world peace, and the American people have not bene-fited from China trade as our good-pay-ing jobs have gone to China. 
We don’t want that for the rest of the 
world. We need to know what is in these trade treaties because they might have a major impact on bringing our working people’s salaries down even more. Whether it is immigration or trade or patent law, our criteria should be what is in the interests of the people of the United States or whether it is in trade, where we have been basically having trade for the ben-efit of some mega-multinational cor-porations or patent law for the same clique. Guess what they also want? They 
want cheap labor, and that is why you see today this push to give 11 million people amnesty who have come here il-legally. It is not 11 million. That is a 10-year-old figure. By the time they get done, they are going to bring 50 million people into our country who wouldn’t be here otherwise. What is that going to do to our wage base? What is that going to do to Americans who are out looking for work right now? What is that going to do to our schools? to the money we have for our veterans’ bene-fits? What is that going to do? We are undermining the well-being of the American people for the profits of some mega-multinational corporations. That is wrong. 
I am a Republican—I believe in free 
enterprise; I believe in private prop-erty; I believe in the profit motive—but we have to have a Congress that is working for the benefit of and pro-tecting the rights of the American peo-ple, and they need to mobilize to make sure we are doing that by supporting them to make sure that our commu-nities are not overrun with illegal im-migrants. 
By the way, if you grant amnesty to 
25 million illegals, there will be a huge surge of people from around the world who will know that all they have to do is outlast us, and they will get their amnesty. We need to make sure that these decisions, those things—immi-gration policy and trade policy and, yes, intellectual property protection policy—are done in a way that will benefit us and will not benefit our com-petitors. 
b1215 
When I say us, United States, it is us, 
U-S, us, the American people. That should be the basis of our criteria: what is going to be in the interests of the American people; not bring down their wages, not let people steal our technology and use it to compete against us. 
I ask my colleagues, please pay at-
tention to H.R. 9 and these issues. Join with me in supporting the cause of the American people, of us instead of the big corporations. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HONORING DEREK ‘‘CHIP’’ ANDREW 
HANSEN 
(Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, dur-
ing National Police Week we honor those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives while protecting and providing for the safety and pro-tection of our communities. 
As an important part of these cere-
monies that we see here today in Wash-ington, D.C., we honor city of Wapato, Washington, police officer Derek ‘‘Chip’’ Andrew Hansen, an Army vet-eran who paid the ultimate sacrifice on March 8, 2014, when he passed away as a result of injuries sustained in the line 
of duty in 2011. 
Over his 15-year career as a police of-
ficer, Officer Hansen demonstrated ex-emplary service. He acted as an in-structor for Standard Field Sobriety Testing. He was a school crossing guard. He wrote numerous grants re-lated to school safety. And he served as a volunteer in his community. 
As Derek’s name is added to the list 
of heroes we lost last year, we also rec-ognize his family, especially his son Colt, for their loss. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
honoring Officer Derek ‘‘Chip’’ Andrew Hansen and his family for his dedicated service and for their sacrifice. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
A MISSION OF MERCY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
LAMALFA ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, today I am on a mission of mercy; a mission of mercy, Mr. Speaker, be-cause a U.S. military helicopter has gone down in Nepal on Tuesday, May 12. They were on a mission of mercy. The United States of America always responds to those who are in need, those who are in harm’s way. This was no exception. 
Our very finest volunteer to serve in 
our military. Many of them will go to distant places, and some of them will not always return home the same way they left. Some will not return at all. I am honored to say that we should be proud of those who serve. Regardless as to how we feel about conflicts around the world, we ought to appreciate the service of those who are in our mili-tary, and we ought to want every one of them to return home safely. So today I stand in the well of the House on a mission of mercy for our military persons who have lost their lives in dis-tant places, but more specifically in Nepal. 
We are there for a reason, Mr. Speak-
er. We are there because Ruth Smeltzer is right: 
Some measure their lives by days and years, 
Others by heartthrobs, passions, and tears, But the surest measure under God’s Sun. Is what for others in your lifetime have you 
done. 
We, in the United States of America, 
are doing things for others in the life-time of people in this country cur-rently, and we do it in the lifetime of our Nation. We want it said that we were there to help those in time of need. 
So, Mr. Speaker, there is a time of 
need for those in Nepal. On April 25, a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit Nepal; 7.8. Thereafter, on May 12, a 7.3 mag-nitude earthquake hit Nepal. These earthquakes have devastated this coun-try. Lives have been lost, more than 8,000 lives. People have been injured, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.045 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3244 May 15, 2015 
more than 17,000. Millions have been 
displaced, nearly 3 million. Millions have been affected, more than 8 mil-lion. Four Americans lost their lives. 
The United States moved quickly. We 
committed the sum of approximately $10 million initially, but that has now grown to more than $32 million. The re-lief efforts from the United States are growing. Not only are we placing dol-
lars into the relief effort, we are also placing our military equipment into these efforts. That is why the heli-copter was there in Nepal, to help in this time of need. 
So I am proud to say that we are 
there to help. The need is estimated to be approximately $415 million. The number could go up. But if it is that amount, we can do as much as we can, and we should do as much as we can to help the people of Nepal. I want you to know that the people of Nepal and the Nepalese community in the United States of America across the length and breadth of our country are pitch-ing in. 
In my district, the Ninth Congres-
sional District of Houston, Texas, on May 2, 2015, we held a meeting. That meeting was to discuss how we can be 
of service, the congressional office, and how the community can come together to provide assistance for those in need in Nepal. At that meeting, I am proud to say we had a good many persons in attendance. It was a community meet-ing. In the true spirit of community, which has the word ‘‘unity’’ in it, there was unity within this community meeting. I am proud to say that the members of the Nepalese Association of Houston were present. The presi-dent, Mr. Ghimirey was there, and he gave a report. The secretary, Mr. Nepal, was there. He gave a report. The building that we were in was at the International Center owned by Mr. Wei Li, and we are honored that he opened the doors of his facility for this pur-pose. 
But it is important to know that the 
community was in unity on the effort to help those in Nepal. Some of the members of the community in attend-ance: the Bhutanese community was there. The Taiwanese community was there. The Latino community was in attendance. The Burmese community was in attendance. The Pakistani com-munity, the Vietnamese community, all in attendance. Asian realtors were there. The Southwest Management Dis-trict was there. There were Venerables there, those who are of the Buddhist faith. The Filipino community was rep-resented. The community activists of all stripes, of different ethnicities were in attendance. The Jewish community was there, and a report was given in terms of how Israel has been involved. The Turkish community was there, the Indian community. The Lion’s Club was represented. The Chinese commu-nity was in attendance. And the Afri-can American community was there, as well as a representative of the NAACP. 
We had a cross-section of people all 
there for the purpose of becoming a part of the mission of mercy, for the 
purpose of making sure that we fulfill our obligation to help those in times of need, and I am proud to say that a goal of $100,000 was set for the purpose of aiding those in Nepal just from that meeting. There are many others who have other goals, some higher, some lower, but I believe this goal will be met because it was indicated at the meeting that approximately $60,000 had been committed. I am proud to know that the community, in the spirit of unity, has come together. 
We announced at that meeting that 
our congressional office, working with other Members of Congress, we have filed a bill, H.R. 2033, to accord, to pro-vide temporary protected status for the Nepalese community in Texas, in the United States of America, if you are a citizen of Nepal. If you are a citizen of Nepal, and you find yourself here on some sort of visa, if you are here law-fully in the country, temporary pro-tected status would extend the stay for those who are lawfully in the country. It will not change the immigration sta-tus of a single person. It will simply ex-tend the stay. This is the American way. It is not the first time we have done this. This is the American way. 
When people are here and their visas 
expire, and they are subject to going back into harm’s way or going back to their country, which would place them in harm’s way, we have done the honor-able thing, the right thing. We have on many occasions allowed them to stay here rather than send them into harm’s way. 
That is what this bill would do, H.R. 
2033. It would permit them to stay in this country and not return to a coun-try that has been devastated by not one, but two earthquakes, a 7.3 and a 7.8. These two earthquakes have left much damage across the length and breadth of the country. The country is recovering. 
We need to make sure that we do all 
that we can to help the people of Nepal. This is why the bill was introduced, and I am proud to say that a good many persons have joined this mission of mercy. The Honorable M
IKEHONDA  
is an original cosponsor, but there are others who are cosponsors, and in our tradition we like to thank people. It is a tradition of the House to thank peo-ple who are a part of a process that is helping someone. 
When you have people of goodwill 
who have put their names on the line, you ought to acknowledge that they are doing it. So I am proud to acknowl-edge people of goodwill, members of the United States House of Representa-tives who are a part of this mission of mercy, who have signed on to H.R. 2033. 
I want to mention each and every 
name. There are others who will sign on. This is not an all-inclusive list, but as of today: The Honorable M
IKE 
HONDA , who was an original cosponsor; 
the Honorable R RAD ASHFORD —and by 
the way these are alphabetized—the Honorable K
AREN BASS; the Honorable MIKE CAPUANO ; the Honorable T ONY 
CA´RDENAS ; the Honorable J UDY CHU; 
the Honorable Y VETTE CLARKE ; the 
Honorable E MANUEL CLEAVER ; the Hon-
orable J AMES CLYBURN ; the Honorable 
STEVE COHEN ; the Honorable J OHNCON-
YERS . 
For those of you who may just have 
joined us, these are the people who are on a mission of mercy. These are the people who are on H.R. 2033, a bill de-signed to help people stay in this coun-try and not go back into harm’s way to Nepal. By the way, this bill would im-pact about 10,000 to 25,000 people. It is very difficult to count, but this is a guesstimate at best, the number of peo-ple who might benefit by staying in this country. 
I said the Honorable J
OHNCONYERS is 
on this mission of mercy; the Honor-able J
OSEPH CROWLEY ; the Honorable 
HENRY CUELLAR ; the Honorable D ANNY  
DAVIS; the Honorable J OHN DELANEY ; 
the Honorable S UZAN DELBENE; the 
Honorable M ARKDESAULNIER ; the Hon-
orable T AMMY DUCKWORTH ; the Honor-
able K EITH ELLISON ; the Honorable 
MARCIA FUDGE ; the Honorable A LAN 
GRAYSON ; the Honorable G ENEGREEN ; 
the Honorable R AU´LGRIJALVA . 
As I continue with this list, let me 
make mention of this: This is not the first time, as I have indicated, that we have had temporary status granted to other countries. 
b1230 
It was done under the Clinton admin-
istration, and it was granted to Montserrat. It was done under the Clin-ton administration as well for Nica-ragua, following a hurricane, as well as for the Honduras. It was done with the Bush administration for El Salvador. It was done for the Obama administration for those who suffered from an earth-quake in Haiti. 
So these are some of the people: the 
Honorable T
AMMY DUCKWORTH , the 
Honorable K EITH ELLISON , the Honor-
able M ARCIA FUDGE , the Honorable 
ALAN GRAYSON , the Honorable G ENE 
GREEN , the Honorable R AU´LGRIJALVA , 
the Honorable L UIS GUTIE´RREZ , the 
Honorable D ENNY HECK, the Honorable 
SHEILA JACKSON LEE, the Honorable 
HAKEEM JEFFRIES , the Honorable E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON , the Honorable H ANK 
JOHNSON , the Honorable D ANIEL KIL-
DEE, the Honorable B ARBARA LEE, the 
Honorable J OHN LEWIS, the Honorable 
ZOE LOFGREN , the Honorable J IM 
MCDERMOTT , the Honorable G RACE  
MENG, the Honorable G WEN MOORE , the 
Honorable G RACE NAPOLITANO , the Hon-
orable J ARED POLIS, the Honorable 
CHARLES RANGEL , the Honorable 
CEDRIC RICHMOND , the Honorable B OBBY  
RUSH, the Honorable L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ , 
the Honorable L ORETTA SANCHEZ , the 
Honorable B OBBY SCOTT, the Honorable 
JOSE´SERRANO , the Honorable B RAD 
SHERMAN , the Honorable C HRIS SMITH, 
the Honorable J ACKIE SPEIER , the Hon-
orable B ENNIE THOMPSON , the Honor-
able C HRIS VANHOLLEN , the Honorable 
MAXINE WATERS , and the Honorable 
BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.046 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3245 May 15, 2015 
I might add that this is bipartisan. It 
is always a wonderful thing to have bi-partisan legislation. This legislation is bipartisan in nature. 
I want you to know that, in spon-
soring this legislation, it is our hope that the United States House of Rep-resentatives will take it up and that it will come to the floor of the House for a vote, so that we can do more than say we support the people of Nepal. 
This is a way for the Congress of the 
United States of America to go beyond endorsing aid. It is a way to provide aid because the people who are here will have an opportunity to continue to work. As they continue to work, they will be permitted to return funds to their home country. 
This is a way for us to not only keep 
people out of harm’s way, but to allow those who are here to send money to those who are in harm’s way. They can send dollars back to Nepal to help their country in a time of need. 
When we had the circumstance in 
Honduras that required temporary pro-tective status, persons were allowed to stay. Since that occurred, approxi-mately $31 billion has been sent back to Honduras from those who are in the diaspora. 
With reference to Nicaragua, for 
those who are in the diaspora, I want to commend you because you have sent approximately $10 billion home. For those in El Salvador, I want to com-mend you because you have sent ap-proximately $45 billion home. For those in Haiti, in the diaspora, you have sent approximately $6 billion home. 
People in the diaspora from these 
various countries want to do what they can to be of assistance to their people at home. This is a way of providing them an opportunity to be of assist-ance to those that they love, those who find themselves in harm’s way, those who are in their homelands. 
Well, we hope that this piece of legis-
lation will pass. If this piece of legisla-tion passes, it will give those persons who are here the opportunity to con-tinue to be a part of the mission of mercy by sending dollars to those who are in harm’s way. It is nothing unique, but it is something very much needed for those who are in Nepal. 
I am proud to tell you that, as we go 
forward with this effort, we will extend the reach to the United States Senate. We will ask that the Senators please become a part of this. This is an effort that we all, in my opinion, can em-brace. We can do this, and we can do it without it costing us—meaning the government—any money. 
The Government of the United States 
of America is already sending tens of millions of dollars by way of aid and equipment, and we are doing a lot, but this is another way for the government to be of assistance without spending additional money to be of assistance to the people who are here by not putting them back in harm’s way, but at the same time, to allow them—those who are here—to be of benefit to their coun-
try by sending dollars back in the form of remittances. 
I believe that the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate of the United States of America can get this done. I am going to ask my colleagues to please give consideration to H.R. 2033. 
Let us join hands together, those in 
the House and Senate, and be on this mission of mercy to see if we can do something to provide aid and comfort for those who are in Nepal by passing legislation to allow those who are in this country to stay in the United States of America. 
We also are on this mission of mercy 
because Dr. King is right—I mentioned Ruth Smeltzer—when he reminded us that life is an ‘‘inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny.’’ What impacts one directly impacts all indirectly, meaning what is happening to those in Nepal will have an impact on us. 
It may not be a direct impact, but 
there will be an indirect impact. It will happen in ways that we may not be able to measure, but it will. It will im-pact because there are people who are going to try to migrate, people trying to get out of harm’s way and try to get to other countries. 
My hope is that we will do our share 
to help those who are trying to get out of harm’s way and do our share to pre-vent those who are here from going back into harm’s way. 
Dr. King is right; life is an inescap-
able network of mutuality. We are bonded together. This is one island that we are all stranded on, the island that we know as Earth. If we are going to live together as brothers and sisters, we have to treat each other as such. 
This is a time for us to be responsive 
to our brothers and sisters in Nepal be-cause there is another comment I hear quite regularly when we hear of disas-ters like these. People will mention that: ‘‘But for the grace of God, there go I.’’ 
We have had our share of mishaps in 
the United States of America; and, when we have had our share of mis-haps, people have always sent their best wishes and aid to us. People have been of assistance to us throughout the years, the decades, the century. People have been of assistance to us. 
But for the grace of God, there go I. I am so proud of the response that we 
had in this country after we suffered 9/11. There were people who showed us a great amount of sympathy and empa-thy, people who wanted to do all that they can to let us know that they cared and that they were concerned and that they did not, in fact, support—and, in fact, condemned—the dastardly deeds that were perpetrated. 
It was a time for the world to come 
together. This is another such occa-sion, but not the same—no two un-pleasant circumstances are the same— but this one in Nepal is one that we can embrace. This is a time for us to show the world that we understand that 
there are things that we can do and will do. 
We are, by the way. We have sent 
millions of dollars. We have our aid in the form of the soft side of our mili-tary. Our heavy equipment and heli-copters are there. As I mentioned ear-lier, we did lose a helicopter, and we lost some lives. 
We are stepping up to the plate. The 
United States of America is doing its part. I want us to continue to do our part. I want us to do all that we can to make sure that every person knows where we stand. 
In so doing, I want to mention that 
we in the United States have been blessed to have this melting pot of peo-ple who come from all over the world to be a part of this great American Dream, the great American ideal, and the people who have come here from the country of Nepal are no exception. 
They are hard-working people. They 
have shown their desire to be a part of the fiber and fabric of the United States of America. They have been peo-ple of good will. I ask that we extend the hand of friendship to these people of good will, especially during this month, which is a month that we are to give honor and show respect to those of Asian heritage, if you will. 
This is Asian and Pacific Islander 
Heritage Month. This is a great time for us, during this month, to show our concern for the Asian population that is in Nepal. We have the opportunity to pass H.R. 2033 and make a difference in the lives of a good many people in this country. 
I do want to mention again, for fear 
that some may not have heard, the community in Houston is well orga-nized. Immediately after the first earthquake hit, we had a meeting, and we had scores of people in attendance. These were Nepalese persons. They were there to show their unity with each other. 
They also had a plan of action. Their 
plan of action included raising money so that they could send it to their homeland to be of assistance, and they want to send this money directly there themselves. I admire them for their lofty goals and their efforts. They want to send the money themselves to their homeland. They want to make sure that there is no question that they have done their part. 
The beautiful thing about this effort 
is that it became infectious and other members of the community decided: If not but for the grace of God, there go I. Here is my opportunity to be of as-
sistance. Here is my opportunity to unify. 
It was an amazing sight to see, on 
May 2, when we had all of these various organizations and groups coming to-gether, all of them pledging their sup-port, all of them pledging their desire to be of assistance to the Nepalese community in Houston, Texas, across the length and breadth of this country, but also to those who are actually in Nepal in a time of need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.048 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3246 May 15, 2015 
I am so honored that they have lofty 
goals that they, I believe, will meet—I plan to do my part—but I am also hon-ored that they decided that this was something that we could all embrace. They have reached out to the entire community, and the community has responded. 
I beg my friends across all sides of 
the aisle, this is not a Republican or a Democratic resolution—or bill, if you will. This is a bill, H.R. 2033, that al-ready has bipartisan support. It is not about what part of the country you are from. It is not about how many people you happen to represent from a certain community. It is about helping some-body in a country that is in need of help. 
I beg that my colleagues would sign 
on to H.R. 2033—those who have not, many have indicated they will—so that we can bring this bill to the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives. It is not going to cost us any ad-ditional money to bring it to the House of Representatives. 
It will not in any way grant any sta-
tus to persons that they don’t already have. It will simply extend the period of time that they will be allowed to stay in this country without having to return to harm’s way. 
I am grateful for the time today, Mr. 
Speaker. I do believe that this is time that has been well spent, and I do want to, as I close, let those families who have friends and relatives who are serv-ing in our military or who are in Nepal, especially those who have family mem-bers that were associated with the military and the loss related to that helicopter crash, but also those who are with USAID and those there with various other organizations that are in service and doing what they do to make a difference, thank all of them for being there on the ground. 
I also heard someone representing 
our military this morning. When speaking of those who are there as a part of that military effort and those who lost their lives, there was a re-quest for prayers. There was a request that we would pray for those who are injured and those who have lost their lives. 
I believe in prayer. I do believe that 
it has a positive impact. I believe it can make a difference. I believe that there are times when there are no an-swers available to people, when you cannot explain what has happened, when the inexplicable is confronting you. At those times, many people turn to prayer because prayer can provide what words cannot explain. 
b1245 
Prayer can give you the hope that 
you need to go forward. Prayer can give you the sense of I can, the belief that I will, the belief that I will go on and continue to make a difference, that it is expected that I go on sometimes. People think that there is no more hope, and they should just give up right here and right now. Prayer can do marvelous things, so I 
am going to end with a prayer because I believe that the request should be honored from the military person who made the request. Without knowing the name, I want you to know that I appreciate that you indicated that we should pray for our people in harm’s way. 
I will give this prayer from my heart, 
not from my head. I have no paper that I will be reading when I present this prayer. It is a prayer that has been written across my heart for a time such as this, and I pray, as I give this prayer, that it will be received with the intentionality that I will send it. 
It is a prayer for all. Those who 
would like to can join me in your tradi-tion. However you pray is okay with me. I will lower my head to give this prayer, and I will close my eyes. 
Most gracious Creator, we know You 
by many names, but we also know that, by any name, You are the creator of all that was, is, and ever shall be, and we know that we are Your children, and as Your children, You have given us the greatest gift that we could ever re-ceive, the gift of life. 
Regardless as to what we think of 
ourselves, we know, many of us in our hearts, that we are blessed beyond measure to simply have the gift of life. 
We know that we are better than we 
deserve, simply because we have the gift of life, because we cannot earn the gift of life. There is nothing that we could have done to earn it or merit the gift of life. It is something that we get because of grace. 
By Your grace, I stand here as Your 
servant, asking Your mercy for those who are in harm’s way in the nation of Nepal. I ask Your mercy, I ask Your blessings for those who are reaching out and trying to do what they can to help someone in a time of need. 
I ask that You please strengthen 
those who are there who, tonight, may find that they do not have shelter, but please give them some sense of belief that help is on the way. 
Help them to believe that there are 
people in a distant place called the United States of America who are peo-ple of good will who are going to do what they can to make sure that they get the shelter they need. 
Please help those who may be suf-
fering the pains associated with having been a part of a tragic circumstance and having been hurt physically. Help those who are suffering to know that help is on the way, that we plan to make sure that they get the medical aid that they need and the treatment that they need because You have given us so much and those who have so much, as we, should do as much as we can to help people who have little. 
I ask, gracious Creator, that You 
strengthen all of us in this House of Representatives so that we may con-tinue to go forward to do Your will to make Your world a better place. 
We were given the precious gift of the 
life for a reason. There are many rea-sons that may be cited, but I believe 
that we have been blessed with the gift of life so that we may be a blessing to others. 
This is our opportunity to be a bless-
ing to others, and I beg and I pray that we, who have received the precious gift of life, when we finally, 1 day, have the opportunity to look back upon all that our lives stand for, perhaps we will, at some point in time, have an oppor-tunity to see the omniscient, the omni-present, and the omnipotent, and we will have an opportunity to tell and go over the record of our lives. 
On that day, I hope that we will be 
able to say that we did all that we could to help the people of Nepal. 
We thank You for the gift of life, and 
we pray that we will use it wisely and well and make a difference in the lives of others. 
Thank you, Mr. Speaker. God bless 
you, Mr. Speaker, and God bless the United States of America. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HONORING FALLEN LAW 
ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
KNIGHT ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is an 
honor and pleasure to follow my friend and fellow former judge from Texas when he talks about praying. I know him to be a praying man. I also know his heart to be a big heart. 
We can disagree on issues, but he is a 
brother, as a Christian, and he is a very good friend, and I appreciate his per-spective very much. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. GOHMERT. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I thank the 
friend from the great State of Texas. He and I happen to share more than being Members of Congress. We are Members of Congress from the same State. 
I am honored that you have not only 
worked hard in Congress, but you have also been a part of activities outside of Congress, and I am honored to work with you on at least one project, and we hope to do some good for the great State of Texas on this project together. 
I am grateful to you, and I am grate-
ful for your kind words. Thank you so much. 
Mr. GOHMERT. I would never ques-
tion the heart or motivation of my friend A
LGREEN . I know his heart to be 
bigger than most in Washington. It is just an honor to serve with you. 
There is so much that has gone on 
this week. One of the things that has happened here in Washington and con-tinues to happen today is a tribute, memorial to law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty—doing what?—serving and pro-tecting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.049 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3247 May 15, 2015 
After the horrors and evil of 9/11/2001, 
it was encouraging to me to see so many people, once again, come to ap-preciate that the vast majority of law enforcement, the vast majority of first responders, they are serving and trying to protect for the good of others and willing to lay down their lives. 
As Jesus said: 
No greater love is this than a man lay 
down his life for his friends. 
We have seen that in the hundreds of 
people—I think 273 lost their lives over this past year. Over 40 have lost their lives this year in the line of duty. 
Just like in any walk of life, there 
are bad apples, people who don’t have the best motivation; but I would hum-bly submit, I believe with all my heart that, when it comes to law enforce-ment, the percentage of those who are not properly motivated is far, far less than in the general population. 
We do owe them so much. Some people say: Oh, well, we ought 
to just live and let live. 
They say: I am a Christian. I believe 
in living and letting live. 
If you note, if you believe the Bible, 
Jesus was commenting, of course, his ultimate point was that we will be judged for what is in our heart by our Father in heaven. 
He said, if you say ‘‘raca,’’ which was 
an offense back in that day, then you will answer to the courts. He under-stood, in an orderly society, you need a government; you need governing offi-cials to which people will be respon-sible if they violate the law. 
That was also true in Romans 13, an-
ticipating, in an orderly society, you need a government with a sword to punish those who do evil. That is why 13:4 says: If you do you evil, be afraid, because God doesn’t give the sword in vain. 
I know some people in the country 
start freaking out when I quote the most quoted book in the history of the country, as quoted here in the House of Representatives and in the Senate floor. It is part of our history. The Bible is the most quoted book in con-gressional history—was, is, and I hope will be in the future. 
We owe so much to the police who 
risk their lives. 
Right out of law school, I was an as-
sistant DA for three counties in east Texas. Very early on, I went with law enforcement to execute a warrant, and the individual, the subject of the war-rant for arrest, had made clear that, when he saw any law enforcement offi-cers, he was going to start shooting; he would kill any law enforcement officer that came out there. 
I don’t forget the feelings that all of 
us had, even though some were very seasoned law officers, when you are ap-proaching a dangerous building—in this case, a home—where somebody in there is threatening to kill anybody like you, you do have a little hair stand up on the back of your neck. 
You do realize you are putting your 
life at risk in trying to maintain order and civility by approaching somebody 
that is a threat to society. That was quite a lesson, that these law officers— whether they are new, whether they have been working for a long time— they are constantly in a situation where they don’t know if, 10 minutes later, they may be dead in the service of their community, but they are serv-ing anyway. 
We do owe them so much for what 
they do and what they risk on our be-half, so we are just grateful to all law enforcement officers willing to serve and protect all of us. 
We have a report here back in Feb-
ruary, and this is an article from The Hill entitled: ‘‘FBI investigating ISIS suspects in all 50 States.’’ The article is quoting FBI Director James Comey, that he revealed Wednesday his agency is investigating suspected supporters of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria in every State across the United States. 
Down further in the article, it said, 
‘‘Earlier this month, Comey said the FBI was investigating ISIS supporters in every State except Alaska.’’ 
At the time of this article, at the end 
of February, he was saying: We are in-vestigating ISIS suspects in all 50 
States. 
Director Comey said: ‘‘We have inves-
tigations of people in various stages of radicalization in all 50 States.’’ 
He said: ‘‘This isn’t a New York phe-
nomenon or a Washington phe-nomenon. This is in all 50 States and in ways that are very hard to see.’’ 
He said: ‘‘ISIL in particular is put-
ting out a siren song with their slick propaganda through social media.’’ 
He said: ‘‘The message ‘resonates 
with troubled souls, people seeking meaning in some horribly misguided way,’’’ and that ‘‘those people exist in every State.’’ 
His pronouncement in February 
should have been a siren song for Americans to understand there are peo-ple who live among us who want to de-stroy us and our way of life. 
Then it was rather interesting—that 
was February 25. Less than 2 months later, there was an article put out, Ju-dicial Watch indicated that an ISIS camp was just a few miles from Texas, that Mexican authorities confirmed that. 
The article said: ‘‘ISIS is operating a 
camp just a few miles from El Paso, Texas, according to Judicial Watch sources that include a Mexican Army field grade officer and a Mexican Fed-eral Police Inspector. 
b1300 
‘‘The exact location where the ter-
rorist group has established its base is around 8 miles from the U.S. border in an area known an ‘Anapra,’ situated just west of Cuidad Juarez in the Mexi-can State of Chihuahua. Another ISIS cell to the west of Cuidad Juarez, in Puerto Palomas, targets the New Mex-ico towns of Columbus and Deming for easy access to the United States.’’ 
So, anyway, after this article came 
out in April, I quoted from that, brought it up on the floor and— Let’s see. This article was 2 days 
later from FOX News: ‘‘Islamic State fighters are operating training bases near the U.S. southern border and are being aided by violent drug cartels to smuggle terrorists into States like Texas, a report published Tuesday by a watchdog group claims.’’ 
So, anyway, I brought that up. And 
this report seems to get even more legs after the Federal Government, though, denying that any such thing like that was occurring, apparently sent FBI of-ficials to Mexico to meet with their counterterrorism experts, seemed to give some credence that there is some-thing to be concerned about in the way of training of violent radical Islamists across our United States border. So the irony here is pretty profound. 
People all across the United States of 
America just accepted when the FBI Director says, you know, there are ISIS suspects in every State in the Union. People said: Wow, that is amaz-ing. Man, they are here? 
I saw a headline of a survey just mo-
ments ago on FOX News saying, 6 out of 10 Americans believe that there are terrorists in their community. So how ironic that even the far left that turns a blind eye to radical Islam could be so accepting that, yes, there are radical Islamist terrorists in every State in the Union. And when Judicial Watch and L
OUIE GOHMERT quote from their 
material, quote other things going on to point out that there is a report that there is an ISIS camp across our bor-der, the left went nuts, saying how crazy Judicial Watch was, how crazy I am for even mentioning this. There couldn’t possibly be an ISIS camp in Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope you see the irony 
here. They are saying, yes, we believe there are radical Islamist terrorists in every State in the United States, but there couldn’t possibly be ISIS across the border where the drug cartels are. 
And I haven’t gotten a good expla-
nation. Do they have so much faith and trust in the drug cartels’ integrity that they would never associate with rad-ical Islamists? Is that what they are saying by their cynicism about ISIS being in Mexico? Because it is a bit in-triguing. 
But then again, some on the far left 
are educated way beyond their means— their mental capacity, at least—and so they have information; they just can’t process it effectively. Because anyone who can readily accept when the FBI Director says there is ISIS in every State in the Union and we are inves-tigating in every State in the Union radical Islamists—he doesn’t use those terms because this administration doesn’t want to offend any radical Islamists that want to kill us. So we don’t use that term if you are in this administration, but I use the term be-cause it is accurate. They are radical Islamists. 
So, anyway, it is just a great irony 
here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.051 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3248 May 15, 2015 
Then this is an AP story from this 
week: ‘‘Minnesota men accused of try-ing to join Islamic State ordered held, but may have other options.’’ 
And that is because U.S. District 
Judge Michael Davis, who wears a dark robe to match his intellect—he is the same guy that previously—this is also a May 12 article by Patrick Poole. This is the same judge, Michael J. Davis, chief judge of the district of Min-nesota— 
This article from Patrick Poole says: 
‘‘A terror ‘deradicalization’ program— established in the ‘Ground Zero’ of ter-ror recruitment, Minnesota’s Twin Cit-ies—has already failed after just a few months. 
‘‘The program was established after a 
Federal court released 19-year-old ter-ror suspect Abdullahi Yusuf to a half-way house earlier this year. Federal prosecutors opposed Yusuf’s release, but were overruled by’’ this big-heart-ed, caring ‘‘Federal judge’’—at least big-hearted and caring about radical Islam, not so much about victims of radical Islam. But Michael J. Davis cares deeply about those who want to kill us. 
So as the article says: ‘‘Remarkably, 
Judge Davis said today in a separate case of six men charged with trying to join the Islamic State that he would be willing to consider ‘less restrictive op-tions’ than detaining the men—just a day after Yusuf’s re-arrest.’’ 
That is because he decided that he 
was smarter and more capable than anybody else in America. He could deradicalize people who want to kill Americans by just sending them through this program that he had helped with or proved: Gee, we are going to get you reading good material that really helps you see the wonder and glory of this country. 
And then, of course, I, Judge Michael 
J. Davis, will be a hero to all of my leftist friends because I cared more for the criminal radical Islamists than I did for the victims. And the left loves that kind of thing. 
‘‘Last May, Yusuf was arrested in 
Minneapolis airport while on his way of Syria by way of Turkey to join the Is-lamic State. One of his accomplices, Abdi Nur, did make it to Syria, and he now serves as an effective recruiter for the terror group. 
‘‘Just last week, The Wall Street 
Journal reported on the program with an article titled, ‘A Test Case for ‘‘Deradicalization.’’’ 
‘‘The path of reform for Abdullahi 
Yusuf, a U.S. teenager who tried to be-come a radical Islamic soldier, passes through writings of Martin Luther King, Jr. readings of the U.S. Constitu-tion, and discussions about life and lit-erature with a fellow Somali-American named Ahmed Amin. 
‘‘Mr. Yusuf’s attempt to travel to the 
Middle East last year helped lead au-thorities to six Minnesota men who were charged last month in connection with a plan to join Islamic State abroad. The 19-year-old has become a test case for whether Americans lured 
by Islamic extremism can be deradicalized.’’ 
Oh, I think they can, but I sure 
wouldn’t trust them to Judge Michael J. Davis, if that is what we want. 
But see here again, this is once again 
pointing out the ingenuity of the Founders in creating three branches. We have the executive branch that is supposed to carry out the laws that the Congress, elected by the people, pass. We have two Houses of Congress to make it more difficult to pass laws. They wanted some obstacles and prob-lems to passing legislation too quickly. And then we have the judicial branch that will handle criminal cases, handle civil cases, handle review of actions to ensure their constitutionality. 
And then we also have this part of 
the judicial branch, like five of the Justices on the Supreme Court that de-cided that they wanted to micro-manage enemy combatants at Guanta-namo. I thought it would have been a good idea to let them live over at the Supreme Court if they want to micro-manage them. 
But then, also, this judge like Mi-
chael J. Davis in Minnesota who de-cides, actually, he is not just judiciary; he is clairvoyant. He is a rehabilitative agent. He is everything to everybody, just the kind of judge you want. God in a robe. 
So, anyway, he put Mr. Yusuf 
through these reading materials. And I wonder, though, if he was a bit sur-prised when Yusuf was arrested be-cause he is not following the program, and he is not reformed. But even that does not prevent God in a robe from saying: You know what? But these new terrorists that you have arrested, they are just a little misguided. I hate to have them in jail because if they are in jail, then the American people will be protected, but they won’t be able to come to see how wonderful people like I am. So I want them to develop warm and loving, fuzzy feelings for people on the left, like me. So I want to find some way we don’t have to keep them in jail. 
Anyway, there is another article 
about that. 
But it is just amazing to me when 
people exceed the bounds of their job in government because they think they are wiser than the Founders. They think they are wiser than anyone that has gone on before. We hear people in recent days on the issue of marriage talking in terms of how much smarter and how much more we know today than the ignoramuses of the past. And the ignorance that displays is pretty astounding. 
Solomon, for those who believe the 
Bible, Solomon, considered to be—until he got sidetracked by having too many wives and concubines—was considered to be the wisest man in the world. And Solomon, credited for writing some of the things in the Old Testament—the Old Testament, as we call it—but in what we call Ecclesiastes, he points out, there is nothing new under the 
Sun. 
You think socialism, communism is a 
new idea? It is not new. It has been around forever. And every time it has been tried, it leads to totalitarianism. It leads to the loss of freedom, and then it fails because, as Margaret Thatcher once said, eventually you find out—well, you run out of other people’s money to spend. It doesn’t work. It won’t work. 
Now, that is different from socialized 
medicine, like ObamaCare is taking us toward, government control. I have friends on the Republican side of the aisle who say, L
OUIE, we won’t have to 
worry. ObamaCare is going to fall of its own weight. The problem is govern-ment health care, socialized medicine, it never falls of its own weight. Social-ism does. It can’t survive because when you are paying people to not work the same amount you are paying people to work, eventually you destroy the soci-ety. And we are in the process of doing that here in America, paying people to do things that are destructive to their well-being. We ought to be incentivizing good conduct, not re-warding conduct destructive to the in-dividual and to the Nation. 
But we continue down this path that 
has not been working for 50 years, so hopefully people are going to eventu-ally get the message. 
But amidst this, this same week, I 
have a Wall Street Journal article, ‘‘Deadly Mexican Cartel Rises as New Threat.’’ 
It should be noted—Carlos the Jack-
al, probably the most notorious, fa-mous assassin—had commented that he believed the only way to really bring down the United States would be for socialists and Islamists to join forces, and that could be the successful force to bring down the United States. Inter-esting observation from an anarchist like Carlos the Jackal. Interesting. 
b1315 
Anyway, Mr. Speaker, this article 
talks about the rise of the Mexican car-tel and it says this in the second page of the article: ‘‘The New Generation cartel is perhaps Mexico’s most auda-cious and vicious criminal enterprise, after the government captured or killed most leaders of the Zetas gang based in northeastern Mexico, say offi-cials and security analysts. Like the Zetas, originally formed by Army de-serters, the New Generation gang fa-vors paramilitary methods and has re-ceived tactical training from Mexican and foreign mercenaries, these people say, including the use of rocket-pro-pelled grenades against the heli-copter.’’ 
So, let’s see, Mr. Speaker, this col-
umnist said the helicopter incident was a declaration of war. The coming months are going to be very hard in Jalisco. 
You have got violence building on 
our southern border, but don’t worry. Our Justice Department has been very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.052 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3249 May 15, 2015 
helpful. We can’t get documents be-
cause the Justice Department becomes an Injustice Department quite often in obfuscating—hiding documents, hiding the truth, preventing people from get-ting at the truth—and won’t provide the documents to me that they pro-vided to convicted terrorism supporters in the Holy Land Foundation trial. 
Oh, they sent me a couple Web sites 
I could visit. That was very nice and gracious of them. But basically they were covering up their tracks, being the most muddy—not transparent— Justice Department in my lifetime. That includes going back to the lack of transparency under J. Edgar Hoover when he became too enthralled with his power and began using FBI agents to investigate people not for informa-tion to introduce in court but just to use, apparently, to persuade them to do what the FBI director wanted. Infor-mation like that is dangerous, and the Founders knew that. 
Then there is another Wall Street ar-
ticle from May 14: ‘‘FBI Says Texas Man Lied About Links to Syria.’’ Imagine that, Mr. Speaker. They catch somebody who they have evidence to show he has got links to terrorism in Syria, and, lo and behold, they found out not only does he have links to ter-rorism but he may have actually lied to the FBI. Imagine that. The article points out that ‘‘Bilal Abood, 37 years old, of Mesquite, Texas, was arrested Thursday after a 2-year game of cat and mouse with Federal agents, who questioned him repeatedly before and after he allegedly traveled to Syria in 2013.’’ 
But anyway let’s see. It says: ‘‘A 
week later, agents interviewed him again and he admitted he planned to go to Syria to fight with the Free Syrian Army, according to the complaint. Un-like terror groups, such as Islamic State and the Nusra Front, the mod-erate FSA’’—Free Syrian Army—‘‘has received backing from the United States.’’ 
Well, Mr. Speaker, they received 
backing from this administration is what the bottom line is, not from all of us here because some of us have been saying that this administration is pro-viding weapons to the Islamic State. They were providing weapons to the so- called vetted moderate Free Syrian Army. Remarkably weapons that the Obama administration was providing to the vetted moderate Syrian Army kept ending up in Islamic State hands. And they were, Oh, gee, they raided, they took this stuff, they took the weapons, send us more. Well, the Obama administration wised up about 4 months. They suspended weapons ship-ment to the vetted moderate Free Syr-ian Army. But then, not to worry, they eventually started back sending weap-ons to the vetted moderate Free Syrian Army even after their leaders were say-ing, Yeah, we may disagree with the Is-lamic State on the leader, Assad, the leader in Syria, but we are brothers, and we do line up on most issues. So, Mr. Speaker, it is important to 
note terrorism is alive and well in the world, and this administration has done very little to stop it, has turned a blind eye to it, and we have got to do all we can to help them wake up and smell the gunpowder coming from rad-ical Islamists. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for 
today on account of family reasons. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 606. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
H.R. 1191. An act to provide for congres-
sional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, May 18, 2015, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-
lowing Members executed the oath for access to classified information: 
Ralph Lee Abraham, Alma S. Adams, Rob-
ert B. Aderholt, Pete Aguilar, Rick W. Allen, Justin Amash, Mark E. Amodei, Brad Ashford, Brian Babin, Lou Barletta, Andy Barr, Joe Barton, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Dan Benishek, Ami Bera, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Gus M. Bilirakis, Mike Bishop, Rob Bishop, Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Diane Black, Marsha Blackburn, Rod Blum, Earl Blumenauer, John A. Boehner, Suzanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Mike Bost, Charles W. Boustany, Jr., Brendan F. Boyle, Kevin Brady, Robert A. Brady, Dave Brat, Jim Bridenstine, Mo Brooks, Susan W. Brooks, Corrine Brown, Julia Brownley, Vern Buchanan, Ken Buck, Larry Bucshon, Michael C. Burgess, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Bradley Byrne, Ken Calvert, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capuano, Tony Ca´rdenas, John C. Carney, Jr., Andre ´Carson, 
Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter, John R. Carter, Matt Cartwright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Steve Chabot, Jason Chaffetz, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Katherine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Curt Clawson, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Mike Coffman, Steve Cohen, Tom Cole, Chris Collins, Doug Collins, Barbara Comstock, K. Michael Conaway, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Paul Cook, Jim Cooper, Jim Costa, Ryan A. Costello, Joe Courtney, 
Kevin Cramer, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’ Crawford, Ander Crenshaw, Joseph Crowley, Henry Cuellar, John Abney Culberson, Elijah E. Cummings, Carlos Curbelo, Danny K. Davis, Rodney Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio, Diana DeGette, John K. Delaney, Rosa L. DeLauro, Suzan K. DelBene, Jeff Denham, Charles W. Dent, Ron DeSantis, Mark DeSaulnier, Scott DesJarlais, Theo-dore E. Deutch, Mario Diaz-Balart, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Robert J. Dold, Dan-iel M. Donovan, Jr., Michael F. Doyle, Tammy Duckworth, Sean P. Duffy, Jeff Dun-can, John J. Duncan, Jr., Donna F. Edwards, Keith Ellison, Renee L. Ellmers, Tom Emmer, Eliot L. Engel, Anna G. Eshoo, Eliz-abeth H. Esty, Blake Farenthold, Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Stephen Lee Fincher, Michael G. Fitzpatrick, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Fleischmann, John Fleming, Bill Flores, J. Randy Forbes, Jeff Fortenberry, Bill Foster, Virginia Foxx, Lois Frankel, Trent Franks, Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, Marcia L. Fudge, Tulsi Gabbard, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Scott Garrett, Bob Gibbs, Chris-topher P. Gibson, Louie Gohmert, Bob Good-latte, Paul A. Gosar, Trey Gowdy, Gwen Gra-ham, Kay Granger, Garret Graves, Sam Graves, Tom Graves, Alan Grayson, Al Green, Gene Green, H. Morgan Griffith, Rau ´l 
M. Grijalva, Glenn Grothman, Frank C. Guinta, Brett Guthrie, Luis V. Gutie ´rrez, 
Janice Hahn, Richard L. Hanna, Cresent Hardy, Gregg Harper, Andy Harris, Vicky Hartzler, Alcee L. Hastings, Denny Heck, Jo-seph J. Heck, Jeb Hensarling, Jaime Herrera Beutler, Jody B. Hice, Brian Higgins, J. French Hill, James A. Himes, Rube ´n Hino-
josa, George Holding, Michael M. Honda, Steny H. Hoyer, Richard Hudson, Tim Huelskamp, Jared Huffman, Bill Huizenga, Randy Hultgren, Duncan Hunter, Will Hurd, Robert Hurt, Steve Israel, Darrell E. Issa, Sheila Jackson Lee, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Evan H. Jenkins, Lynn Jenkins, Bill John-son, Eddie Bernice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Sam Johnson, David W. Jolly, Walter B. Jones, Jim Jordan, David P. Joyce, Marcy Kaptur, John Katko, Wil-liam R. Keating, Mike Kelly, Robin L. Kelly, Joseph P. Kennedy, III, Daniel T. Kildee, Derek Kilmer, Ron Kind, Peter T. King, Steve King, Adam Kinzinger, Ann Kirk-patrick, John Kline, Stephen Knight, Ann M. Kuster, Rau ´l R. Labrador, Doug LaMalfa, 
Doug Lamborn, Leonard Lance, James R. Langevin, Rick Larsen, John B. Larson, Rob-ert E. Latta, Brenda L. Lawrence, Barbara Lee, Sander M. Levin, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, Daniel Lipinski, Frank A. LoBiondo, David 
Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Billy Long, Barry Loudermilk, Mia B. Love, Alan S. Lowenthal, Nita M. Lowey, Frank D. Lucas, Blaine Luetkemeyer, Ben Ray Luja ´n, 
Michelle Lujan Grisham, Cynthia M. Lum-mis, Stephen F. Lynch, Thomas MacArthur, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kenny Marchant, Tom Marino, Thomas Massie, Doris O. Matsui, Kevin McCarthy, Michael T. McCaul, Tom McClintock, Betty McCollum, James P. McGovern, Patrick T. McHenry, David B. McKinley, Cathy McMor-ris Rodgers, Jerry McNerney, Martha McSally, Mark Meadows, Patrick Meehan, Gregory W. Meeks, Grace Meng, Luke Messer, John L. Mica, Candice S. Miller, Jeff Miller, John R. Moolenaar, Alexander X. Mooney, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton, Markwayne Mullin, Mick Mulvaney, Patrick Murphy, Tim Murphy, Jerrold Nadler, Grace F. Napolitano, Richard E. Neal, Randy Neugebauer, Dan Newhouse, Kristi L. Noem, Richard M. Nolan, Donald Norcross, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Richard B. Nugent, Devin Nunes, Alan Nunnelee*, Pete Olson, Beto O’Rourke, Steven M. Palazzo, Frank Pallone, Jr., Gary J. Palmer, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Erik 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.054 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3250 May 15, 2015 
Paulsen, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Stevan 
Pearce, Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Scott Perry, Scott H. Peters, Collin C. Peterson, Pedro R. Pierluisi, Chellie Pingree, Robert Pittenger, Joseph R. Pitts, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Ted Poe, Bruce Poliquin, Jared Polis, Mike Pompeo, Bill Posey, David E. Price, Tom Price, Mike Quigley, Amata Coleman Radewagen, Charles B. Rangel, John Ratcliffe, Tom Reed, David G. Reichert, James B. Renacci, Reid J. Ribble, Kathleen M. Rice, Tom Rice, Cedric L. Richmond, E. Scott Rigell, Martha Roby, David P. Roe, Harold Rogers, Mike Rogers, Dana Rohrabacher, Todd Rokita, Thomas J. Rooney, Peter J. Roskam, Ileana Ros- Lehtinen, Dennis A. Ross, Keith J. Rothfus, David Rouzer, Lucille Roybal-Allard, Edward R. Royce, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppers-berger, Bobby L. Rush, Steve Russell, Paul Ryan, Tim Ryan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan, Matt Salmon, Linda T. Sa ´nchez, Lo-
retta Sanchez, Mark Sanford, John P. Sar-banes, Steve Scalise, Janice D. Schakowsky, Adam B. Schiff, Aaron Schock*, Kurt Schra-der, David Schweikert, Austin Scott, David Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr., Jose ´E. Serrano, Pete 
Sessions, Terri A. Sewell, Brad Sherman, John Shimkus, Bill Shuster, Michael K. Simpson, Kyrsten Sinema, Albio Sires, Lou-ise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Adrian Smith, Christopher H. Smith, Jason Smith, Lamar Smith, Jackie Speier, Elise M. Stefanik, Chris Stewart, Steve Stivers, Mar-lin A. Stutzman, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takai, Mark Takano, Bennie G. Thompson, Glenn Thompson, Mike Thompson, Mac Thorn-berry, Patrick J. Tiberi, Scott R. Tipton, Dina Titus, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, David A. Trott, Niki Tsongas, Michael R. Turner, Fred Upton, David G. Valadao, Chris Van Hollen, Juan Vargas, Marc A. Veasey, Filemon Vela, Nydia M. Vela ´zquez, Peter J. 
Visclosky, Ann Wagner, Tim Walberg, Greg Walden, Mark Walker, Jackie Walorski, Mimi Walters, Timothy J. Walz, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Randy K. Weber, Sr., Dan-iel Webster, Peter Welch, Brad R. Wenstrup, Bruce Westerman, Lynn A. Westmoreland, Ed Whitfield, Roger Williams, Frederica S. Wilson, Joe Wilson, Robert J. Wittman, Steve Womack, Rob Woodall, John A. Yar-muth, Kevin Yoder, Ted S. Yoho, David Young, Don Young, Todd C. Young, Lee M. Zeldin, Ryan K. Zinke. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1471. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Viruses, Serums, Toxins, and Analo-gous Products; Exemptions from Preparation Pursuant to an Unsuspended and Unrevoked License [Docket No.: APHIS-2011-0048] (RIN: 0579-AD66) received May 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
1472. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations (Edgecombe County, NC, and Incorporated Areas) [Docket ID: FEMA-2014-0002] received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1473. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Final Flood Elevation Determinations [Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0001], pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
1474. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s notice of final determination — Final Affordability Determination — En-ergy Efficiency Standards [HUD FR-5647-N- 02] (RIN: 2501-ZA01) received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
1475. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia; 2011 Base Year Emissions Inven-tories for the Washington DC-MD-VA Non-attainment Area for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R03- OAR-2014-0759; FRL-9927-70-Region 3] re-ceived May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1476. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revision to Control Volatile Organic Com-pound Emissions From Storage Tanks and Transport Vessels [EPA-R06-OAR-2011-0079; FRL-9927-59-Region 6] received May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1477. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Utah County — Trad-ing of Motor Vehicle Emission Budgets for PM10 Transportation Conformity [EPA-R08- OAR-2015-0227; FRL-9927-68-Region 8] re-ceived May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1478. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-031; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1479. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-021; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1480. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-139; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1481. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-103; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1482. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a notice of a drawdown in sup-port of French operations in Mali, Chad, and Niger, pursuant to the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, Sec. 506(a)(1); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1483. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification for FY 2015 that no United Nations affiliated agency grants any official status, accreditation, or recogni-tion to any organization that promotes, con-
dones, or seeks the legalization of pedophilia, pursuant to Sec. 102(g) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act for FY 1994 and 1995 (Pub. L. 103-236 as amended by Pub. L. 103-415); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
1484. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report by the Department on progress toward a negotiated solution of the Cyprus question covering the period of De-cember 1, 2014 through January 31, 2015, pur-suant to Sec. 620C(c) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, as amended, and in accord-ance with Sec. 1(a)(6) of Executive Order 13313; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1485. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursu-ant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1486. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-
dent and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, transmitting the 2014 management report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, pursuant to Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1487. A letter from the Chairman, Merit 
Systems Protection Board, transmitting the Board’s report ‘‘What is Due Process in Fed-eral Civil Service Employment?’’, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1204(a)(3); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1488. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Annual Price Inflation Adjustments for Contribution Limitations Made to a Health Savings Account Pursuant to Section 223 of the Internal Revenue Code (Rev. Proc. 2015-30) received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1489. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update for Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2015-39] received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1490. A letter from the Lead Regulations 
Writer, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Cancer (Malignant Neoplastic Diseases) [Docket No.: SSA-2011-0098] (RIN: 0960-AH43) received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1987. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–115). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1335. A bill to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fisher-men, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114––116). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.023 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3251 May 15, 2015 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1557. A bill to amend the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal anti-discrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–117). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. C OO-
PER): 
H.R. 2347. A bill to amend the Federal Ad-
visory Committee Act to increase the trans-parency of Federal advisory committees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 2348. A bill to amend titles XI and XIX 
of the Social Security Act to promote pro-gram integrity with respect to the enroll-ment of certain immigrants in State plans under Medicaid, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2349. A bill to ensure receipt of all 
health insurance benefits to which a member of a union is entitled; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and 
Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania): 
H.R. 2350. A bill to increase Federal Pell 
Grants for the children of fallen public safe-ty officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and 
Mr. V EASEY ): 
H.R. 2351. A bill to amend the Professional 
Boxing Safety Act of 1996 to provide addi-tional safety standards for professional box-ing; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER (for himself, 
Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia): 
H.R. 2352. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to require making avail-able to States affected by determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species all data that is the basis of such determinations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself and Mr. 
R
YANof Wisconsin): 
H.R. 2353. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Natural Resources, Science, Space, and Technology, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia (for himself 
and Ms. S
INEMA ): 
H.R. 2354. A bill to direct the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to review all its significant regulations to determine whether such regulations are necessary in the public interest or whether such regulations should be amended or rescinded; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BERA: 
H.R. 2355. A bill to provide for a national 
public outreach and education campaign to raise public awareness of women’s preventive health, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. C
AR-
NEY): 
H.R. 2356. A bill to direct the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 2357. A bill to direct the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to revise Form S- 3 so as to add listing and registration of a class of common equity securities on a na-tional securities exchange as an additional basis for satisfying the requirements of Gen-eral Instruction I.B.1. of such form and to re-move such listing and registration as a re-quirement of General Instruction I.B.6. of such form; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHRADER ): 
H.R. 2358. A bill to amend the Federal Land 
Policy and Management Act of 1976 to en-hance the reliability of the electricity grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution facilities on Federal lands by facilitating vegetation management on such lands; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mrs. B LACK , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
REED): 
H.R. 2359. A bill to amend the Social Secu-
rity Act to prevent disability fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 2360. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the approval of cer-tain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mr. 
W
ENSTRUP ): 
H.R. 2361. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend the authority to pro-vide work-study allowance for certain activi-ties by individuals receiving educational as-sistance by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CARNEY (for himself and Mr. 
B
ARR): 
H.R. 2362. A bill to exclude from consumer 
credit reports certain medical debt that is less than 180 days delinquent or that has been in collection and has been fully paid or settled, to amend the Fair Debt Collection 
Practices Act to provide for a timetable for verification of medical debt and to increase the efficiency of credit markets with more perfect information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CARNEY (for himself and Mr. 
F
INCHER ): 
H.R. 2363. A bill to provide for the removal 
of default information from a borrower’s credit report with respect to certain reha-bilitated education loans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2364. A bill to provide for institutional 
risk-sharing in the Federal student loan pro-grams; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 2365. A bill to authorize Department 
major medical facility construction projects for fiscal year 2015, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 2366. A bill to provide for improve-
ment of field emergency medical services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 2367. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to authorize aliens who are cov-ered by certain immigration policies and who otherwise satisfy the requirements for admission to a military service academy to be appointed to and attend a military service academy and, upon graduation, to be ap-pointed as a commissioned officer in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
E
NGEL , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 2368. A bill to impose sanctions with 
respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recog-nized human rights against lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself and Mr. 
C
UELLAR ): 
H.R. 2369. A bill to lift the oil export ban 
and modernize Federal policies regarding the supply and distribution of energy in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Af-fairs, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2370. A bill to amend title 35, United 
States Code, to require disclosure of owner-ship and transfers of ownership of patents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.021 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3252 May 15, 2015 
By Ms. EDWARDS (for herself, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. D ELANEY ): 
H.R. 2371. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to award grants to States that enact State laws that will make school at-tendance compulsory through the age of 17; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 2372. A bill to include reasonable costs 
for high-speed Internet service in the utility allowances for families residing in public housing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 2373. A bill to provide for the legiti-
mate use of medicinal marijuana in accord-ance with the laws of the various States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself 
and Mr. H
IGGINS ): 
H.R. 2374. A bill to combat illegal gun traf-
ficking, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. R
ANGEL , 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. N EAL, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. O’R OURKE , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): 
H.R. 2375. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to di-rect the Secretary of Education to make grants to States for assistance in hiring ad-
ditional school-based mental health and stu-dent service providers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mr. R
AN-
GEL, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, and Ms. N OR-
TON): 
H.R. 2376. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Defense to post on the public Web site of the Department of Defense the cost to each American taxpayer of each of the wars in Af-ghanistan, Iraq, and Syria; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 2377. A bill to affirm the religious 
freedom of taxpayers who are conscien-tiously opposed to participation in war, to provide that the income, estate, or gift tax payments of such taxpayers be used for non-military purposes, to create the Religious Freedom Peace Tax Fund to receive such tax payments, to improve revenue collection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself and 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 2378. A bill to establish an Office of 
Specialized Instructional Support in the De-partment of Education and to provide grants to State educational agencies to reduce bar-riers to learning; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself and Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI ): 
H.R. 2379. A bill to prohibit the transpor-
tation of certain volatile crude oil by rail; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. P
OCAN , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N AD-
LER, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. E STY, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. C LARK  
of Massachusetts, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Miss R ICEof 
New York, and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 2380. A bill to require criminal back-
ground checks on all firearms transactions occurring at gun shows; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2381. A bill to provide grants to States 
in order to prevent racial profiling; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. 
D
ELAURO , and Mr. G IBSON ): 
H.R. 2382. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to au-thorize a parent to opt their child out of par-ticipation in certain assessments required under such Act; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina (for 
himself, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. J ONES , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
COOK, Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia): 
H.R. 2383. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-
trition Act of 2008 to change the eligible foods allowed for purchase under the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program (com-monly known as SNAP); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2384. A bill to prohibit any appropria-
tion of funds for the National Labor Rela-tions Board; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 2385. A bill to require certain large 
companies to submit to an independent an-nual audit of their supply chains to verify that their supply chains are free of child and forced labor; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2386. A bill to provide for the recogni-
tion of certain Native communities and the settlement of certain claims under the Alas-ka Native Claims Settlement Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2387. A bill to amend the Alaska Na-
tive Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2388. A bill to reverse the designation 
by the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture of certain communities in the State of Alaska as nonrural; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, 
Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER ): 
H.R. 2389. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a limitation on certain aliens from claiming the earned in-come tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. D OLD): 
H. Res. 265. A resolution recognizing the 
importance of a continued commitment to ending pediatric AIDS worldwide; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H. Res. 266. A resolution expressing support 
for the Nation’s law enforcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER (for him-
self, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HECKof Nevada, and Mr. D OLD): 
H. Res. 267. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of May as National La-crosse Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for 
himself, Ms. E
DWARDS , and Ms. 
FUDGE ): 
H. Res. 268. A resolution Supporting the 
designation of July 2015 as Uterine Fibroids Awareness Month; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. P
ITTS, and Mr. P AULSEN ): 
H. Res. 269. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need for investigation and prosecu-tion of war crimes and crimes against hu-manity, whether committed by officials of the Government of Syria or other parties to the civil war in Syria, and calling on the President to direct the United States rep-resentative to the United Nations to use the voice and vote of the United States to imme-diately promote the establishment of a Syr-ian war crimes tribunal, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 2347. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 2348. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 18. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2349. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 2350. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 2351. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER: 
H.R. 2352. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: 
H.R. 2353. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15MY7.100 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3253 May 15, 2015 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to the general Welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia: 
H.R. 2354. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. BERA: 
H.R. 2355. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. HILL: 
H.R. 2356. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 2357. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 2358. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2359. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 2360. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 2361. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2362. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, among several States, and with the In-dian Tribes;’’ 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2363. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, among several States, and with the In-dian Tribes;’’ 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2364. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, among several States, and with the In-dian Tribes;’’ 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 2365. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 2366. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 2367. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 2368. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H.R. 2369. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution which give Congress the authority ‘‘to regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several states . . .’’, and pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2370. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. EDWARDS: 
H.R. 2371. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 2372. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 2373. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 2374. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 2375. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 2376. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 2377. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. LOEBSACK: 
H.R. 2378. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-
stitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2379. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2380. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2381. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 2382. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: 
H.R. 2383. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2384. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 2385. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(1) to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; 
(2) to make all laws necessary and proper 
for executing powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2386. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.024 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3254 May 15, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 and Article 
I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2387. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 and Article 
I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: 
H.R. 2389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have the power to lay and collect taxes. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 91: Mr. C OLE, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and 
Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 167: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 169: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 232: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 266: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 271: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. P EARCE , Ms. 
SINEMA , and Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 282: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 292: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ENISHEK , and Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida. 
H.R. 381: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 556: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 592: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. L ANCE , 
and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 616: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. P IERLUISI , and Mr. 
VEASEY . 
H.R. 670: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 753: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 784: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 793: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa. 
H.R. 812: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 815: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. R OSKAM , 
Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 825: Mr. P ITTS, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. T ROTT , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 828: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 842: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 868: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 879: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 893: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
AGUILAR , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. 
HOYER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Ms. E STY, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. 
LINDA T. S ANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. K IND, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. L OBIONDO , 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. 
CRAMER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
WALDEN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. I SSA, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C ONAWAY , 
Mr. T IPTON , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 909: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 921: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 928: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 985: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 997: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 1061: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1086: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1112: Mr. N EAL, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. R YANof 
Ohio. 
H.R. 1122: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1135: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1159: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1169: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
LANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. W ESTERMAN and Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 1234: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. 
GRANGER , and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1336: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 1375: Ms. E DWARDS and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1387: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 1391: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. L OEBSACK and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1411: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1431: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. 
LAMALFA . 
H.R. 1432: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. 
LAMALFA . 
H.R. 1464: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1468: Mr. R ANGEL and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. P OMPEO , 
and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1504: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1530: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1537: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1551: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
HONDA . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1595: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1603: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. B YRNE , and 
Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1650: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1654: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1674: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1701: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 1737: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. P EARCE , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER . 
H.R. 1818: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1854: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1856: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1886: Mr. R EICHERT and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 1893: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. D UN-
CANof Tennessee, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. K ING 
of Iowa, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1901: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1910: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and 
Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1933: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 1942: Ms. B ONAMICI and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1969: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1982: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1987: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 2033: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
and Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2042: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. B OST, Mr. C RAWFORD , and 
Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 2109: Mr. L AMALFA and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2132: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2150: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2169: Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. F UDGE , and 
Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2170: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2213: Mr. H ILL, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2219: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2265: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York. 
H.R. 2272: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2292: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2300: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
WALBERG , and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. R USHand Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi. 
H.R. 2318: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 2321: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.J. Res. 23: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia 
and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 18: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H. Con. Res. 30: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P ETER -
SON, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H. Con. Res. 45: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H. Res. 147: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. B ABIN and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
MEEHAN , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H. Res. 225: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 233: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ECERRA , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
BRAT, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. H OYER , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H IG-
GINS, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K IND, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M ULLIN , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H. Res. 259: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. J OLLY , and Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1247: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.028 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3255 May 15, 2015 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Member added her 
name to the following discharge peti-tion: Petition 1 by Mr. HECK of Washington on 
H.R. 1031: Ms. Wasserman Schultz. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.022 H15MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E717 May 15, 2015 
HONORING THE LAW ENFORCE-
MENT OFFICERS IN NORTH CAROLINA’S 8TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and honor the fine men and women who faithfully serve in North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District as law enforcement offi-cers. 
Every year since 1962, when President 
John F. Kennedy declared May 15th as Peace Officers Memorial Day, our country observes National Police Week during the calendar week of May 15th. This is the day we pay our respects to those heroic officers who died in the line of duty and to their families. 
National Police Week presents us with a 
unique opportunity to show support for these important public servants. 
My district is fortunate to have brave men 
and women who dedicate and risk their lives daily for our well-being and security. Their commitment to the safety of others deserves our gratitude and appreciation, and their serv-ice is an example to the people of North Caro-lina. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me today to recognize and honor the law enforcement officers in North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District. 
f 
THE 2015 AIRCRAFT OWNERS AND 
PILOTS ASSOCIATION FLY-IN IN SALINAS, CALIFORNIA 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, the Salinas Airport 
is a remarkable place. Earlier this week, my good friend at the Salinas Californian, Jeff Mitchell, captured the spirit of the airport best when he wrote on Thursday, May 14: 
The Salinas airport—to the untrained 
eye—is a funny place. Most of the time it doesn’t look like much is happening there. But take a closer look and you’ll find some interesting things going on there . . . 
The facility is the home airport for many 
of the corporate jets flown by our elite ag companies. It’s also the home for a com-pany—Cal Pacific Airmotive—that has gained a national reputation for the perfect restoration of the greatest World War II-era fighter ever made, the venerable P–51 Mus-tang. Finally, the Salinas airport is home to none other than Sean D. Tucker, a National Aerobatics Champion and U.S. Aviation Hall of Fame member. 
Now through the hard work of the Salinas 
Valley aviation community and the airport staff, the national Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association (AOPA) has picked the Salinas Airport as one of the sites for its 2015 national 
fly in. Residents in my Congressional District will have the opportunity to participate in edu-cational forums and hear from national avia-tion speakers, view top of the line manufactur-ers, and see aerobatic performances. With our own hometown aerobatic star, Sean Tucker, I know the crowds will have a wonderful family experience. 
Americans have always been fascinated 
with flight, which propelled the Wright Brothers to aviation history by inventing the first three- axis control that enabled pilots, for the first time, to steer their aircraft and maintain equi-librium. As we enter our second hundred years of aviation advancement, space flight will become the norm and the United States will conquer new horizons. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the 
House of Representatives in congratulating the Salinas Airport and Brett Godown, the Sa-linas Municipal Airport Manager, for hosting APOA the 2015. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PYREX BRAND 
AND THOSE WHO MAKE IT FOR 100 YEARS OF CONTINUED SUC-CESS 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Pyrex brand of glassware on the occasion of their 100th year of business. 
Over the past century, the Pyrex brand of 
glassware products has become a staple of the American kitchen. It all started when a Corning Glass scientist gave his wife an im-provised casserole pan made out of the cut-off bottoms of battery jars. After refining the prod-uct, the company capitalized on the glass-ware’s potential and now, according to their parent company, World Kitchen, eight of every 10 homes in the United States have Pyrex products. The story behind the dependable Pyrex brand is a timeless testament to the in-novative and hard-working nature of our coun-try. 
As the Pyrex brand marks its centennial, it 
is essential to also recognize the extraordinary employees that have made the milestone pos-sible. A tradition almost as old as the Pyrex brand itself is the manufacturing of its glass-ware in Charleroi, Pennsylvania. Charleroi has been a glassmaking presence since the late 19th century and has been producing Pyrex products ever since Corning Glass bought the local glassmaking facility. The Mon Valley community has subsequently provided a skilled workforce as reliable as the products they make, and that very group can proudly say that they not only produce tens of millions of Pyrex pieces but they have helped make the company what it is today. 
In addition to congratulating the Pyrex brand 
on its 100th anniversary, I am honored to highlight the hard-working Mon Valley commu-
nity for its impressive efforts and continued commitment to making Pyrex successful. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PREECLAMP-
SIA AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Preeclampsia Aware-ness Month and the importance of addressing maternal and infant health. 
Preeclampsia is a serious and far too com-
mon complication of pregnancy and the postpartum period and is one of the leading causes of maternal deaths, illness, and pre-mature birth. According to the Preeclampsia Foundation, the disease affects approximately 1 in 12 women, and can result in seizure, stroke, organ failure or death. Prenatal care is necessary if preeclampsia or risk of preeclampsia is to be identified and monitored to ensure the health of the mom and baby. 
Unfortunately, too many people are unaware 
of this potentially fatal condition. The main in-dicator of preeclampsia is high blood pressure. Additional symptoms of preeclampsia are common to pregnancy such as headaches, abdominal pain, shortness of breath, vomiting, confusion, heightened state of anxiety or vis-ual disturbances such as oversensitivity to light or blurred vision. That is why I support the Preeclampsia Foundation’s efforts to edu-cate women and their families to know the symptoms, respond to warning signs, and seek prenatal care. 
So much more needs to be understood 
about this condition—why it occurs, how to cure it, and its long-term effect on a woman and her child’s health. Research has dem-onstrated a possible direct link to the placenta. I understand that the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development at NIH has embarked on a new effort to understand dis-eases and conditions related to the placenta, and it is my hope that it leads to new dis-covery for preeclampsia and other conditions of pregnancy. 
Together we must do all we can to eliminate 
preventable maternal and infant death and dis-ability. I am hopeful for the promise of our re-search efforts, and I am grateful for the work of clinicians around this country and organiza-tions like the Preeclampsia Foundation who work so tirelessly to advance maternal and in-fant health and well-being. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15MY8.001 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E718 May 15, 2015 
REGULATORY INTEGRITY 
PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with re-spect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in oppo-
sition to H.R. 1732, a bill which blocks efforts to clarify the Clean Water Act before agencies even produce a final rule. 
There is consensus that the jurisdiction of 
the Clean Water Act is confusing and has frustrated many in the regulated community. Two Supreme Court decisions and guidance dating from the Bush Administration has caused years of uncertainty and difficulty in the permitting process. Clarifying responsibil-ities under the Clean Water Act will ease those frustrations while protecting critical drinking water for our constituents. 
The Administration has undertaken a com-
prehensive review process to solicit comment from all the stakeholders to rewrite the rules. While today’s bill argues that the Army Corps and EPA have made insufficient effort to ob-tain input from the regulated community, there have been over 400 public meetings and hun-dreds of thousands of public comments. The public comment period lasted 207 days. 
This bill would throw out that whole process 
and force the Administration to start from scratch, delaying regulatory certainty and clean water protections indefinitely. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this bill and evaluate the merits of the final rule when it is released in a few weeks. 
f 
HONORING THE 21 CLUB 
INCORPORATED 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor an organization who has shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to serve their community, the 21 Club Incorporated. The 21 Club Incorporated has served as a support system to citizens of Yazoo County. 
The 21 Club Incorporated is a non-profit or-
ganization founded in 1954 in Yazoo City Mis-sissippi with the mission of rendering chari-table and recreational services to its commu-nity. The club is one of the oldest in Yazoo City. 
Beginning in 1965, the club has sponsored 
‘‘The Mr. and Miss 21 Club Scholarship Pag-eant’’ with the goal of providing scholarships to deserving young girls and boys in the com-munity to assist them in pursuing a higher education. In conjunction with the American Legion, they sponsor local boys and girls at-tending Boys and Girls State, a program where students from across the state learn about state government. The 21 Club partner with local emergency 
management agencies in the event of natural disasters in Yazoo County. They offered as-sistance during Hurricane Katrina and the massive tornado that hit Yazoo County a few years ago. They also assist people when indi-vidual emergencies happen, such as, houses being burned and they often assist church youth groups when they travel. 
They make an annual Christmas donation to 
the Yazoo County Department of Family and Human Services to help buy toys for less for-tunate families at Christmas and an annual donation to the Boys and Girls Club of Yazoo City. The club also makes annual donations to elementary schools in the county to provide items such as: school uniforms, supplies, prizes and reward incentives, etc. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the 21 Club Incorporated for its dedication to serving others and giving back to the community. 
f 
HONORING ASIAN PACIFIC 
AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, as our nation 
commemorates the 23rd anniversary of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, I am very pleased to join my friends in the APA commu-nity to celebrate their ongoing successes. As leaders in business, education, STEM, mili-tary, medicine and the arts, Asian Pacific Americans have made a significant impact on our nation’s culture and prosperity. The story of the APA community is a testament to what is achievable in America. 
This year’s theme is Many Cultures, One 
Voice: Promote Equality and Inclusion. Many Asian Pacific Americans have overcome nu-merous obstacles including racial prejudice, language barriers and economic struggles. I am honored to represent a portion of the 1.1 million constituents living in New York City, which has the largest APA population in the United States. I have been impressed by their tremendous achievements, from serving in our Armed Forces and creating over 1.5 million small businesses today. 
My Colleagues in the Congressional Asian 
Pacific American Caucus and I are dedicated to promoting the economic and social em-powerment of the APA community as we work to secure comprehensive immigration reform and opportunities for all business owners. I am a proud co-sponsor of H. Res. 621, to recog-nize the significance of Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month. Let us honor the heritage of the APA community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, last night, I 
was absent from votes in the House, and therefore, missed rollcall votes 228 through 232. Had I been present, I would have voted: 1) ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 228, the Polis 
Amendment, which would amend section 5062(b) of title 10, United States Code to re-duce the minimum required number of oper-ational aircraft carriers the U.S. Navy must have from eleven to ten; 
2) ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 229, the Brooks 
Amendment, which would strike section 538 of the underlying bill, related to a sense of the House of Representatives regarding the Sec-retary of Defense review of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, regarding the consid-eration of allowing ‘‘DREAMers’’ to enlist and serve in the Armed Forces; 
3) ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 230, the Walorski 
Amendment, which would extend prohibitions and further restrict the transfer of detainees lo-cated at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; 
4) ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 231, the Smith (WA) 
Amendment, which would provide a framework for closure of the detention facility at Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba; and 
5) ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 232, the McCaul 
Amendment, which would amend section 2576a of title 10, United States Code to add border security activities to the list of activities deemed suitable for the Department of De-fense to transfer excess property to federal and state agencies. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week 
is National Police Week. We take this time to honor local, state and federal law enforcement officers for their tireless dedication. We also remember those who have been killed in the line of duty. 
Every day, brave men and women across 
the country put on the uniform, pin on the badge, and place themselves in harm’s way to serve and protect our communities. 
I grew up in a small town outside of Temple, 
Texas. When I was 5 or 6 years old, my dad took me to watch a parade in Temple. I no-ticed a man standing at the curb who was not in the parade, just watching it and the people in the crowd. Of course, it was a local police officer. 
When my dad saw me watching this indi-
vidual, he told me something I never forgot, ‘‘If you are ever in trouble, if you ever need help, go to the person who wears the badge be-cause they are a cut above the rest of us.’’ 
Those words were true then and are true 
today. When people are in trouble and need help, who do they go to? 
Peace officers. These peace officers serve as the barrier 
between the law and the lawless, and they are all that separate us from the criminals and bad guys. 
Everyone remembers where they were on 
9/11 when they learned of the terrorist attack. I was driving to the courthouse in Houston, lis-tening to the radio when it was interrupted with news about the airplane that crashed into the World Trade Center. As I continued, I heard that a second plane had crashed into the Second Tower, then another plane crashed in Pennsylvania, and then a fourth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.001 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E719 May 15, 2015 
plane crashed not far from here, into the Pen-
tagon. 
As thousands of people ran away from the 
terrorist attack in New York, a much smaller group ran in the opposite direction—towards the scene of the attack—to help. This group was comprised of emergency technicians, fire-fighters, and peace officers. Seventy-two peace officers gave their lives that day. They, along with other first responders, gave the ulti-mate sacrifice so that others could live. 
This week we gather to honor peace officers 
from across the country for their service and sacrifice. We honor them because they truly are, as my dad said many years ago, ‘‘a cut above the rest of us.’’ My home state of Texas is home to some of America’s finest lawmen. 
During my 22 years as a judge, I had the 
distinct privilege of working alongside many of them. These peace officers put their lives on the line each and every day to protect us all. 
But that protection comes at a price. Almost 
60,000 lawmen each year are injured in the line of duty, and an average of 150 officers are killed in the line of duty each year. In 2014, 117 law enforcement officers were killed; 11 of these brave souls were from the great state of Texas: 
Mark Uland Kelley of the Trinity University 
Police Department; 
Detective Charles Dinwiddie of the Kileen 
Police Department; 
Sergeant Paul A. Buckles of the Potter 
County Sheriff’s Office; 
Chief of Police Lee Dixon of the Little River- 
Academy Police Department; 
Chief of Police Michael Pimentel of the El-
mendorf Police Department; 
Border Patrol Agent Tyler R. Robledo of the 
United States Department of Homeland Secu-rity—Customs and Boarder Protection—United States Border Patrol; 
Senior Deputy Jessica Laura Hollis of the 
Travis County Sheriffs Office; 
Sergeant Michael Lee Naylor of the Midland 
County Sheriffs Office; 
Deputy Sheriff Jesse Valdez, III of the Har-
ris County Sheriff’s Office; 
Constable Robert Parker White of the El 
Paso County Constable’s Office—Precinct One; and 
Sergeant Alejandro ‘‘Alex’’ Martinez of the 
Willacy County Sheriff’s Office. 
These 10 men and 1 woman represent all 
that is good and right in our country. This week we remember those brave Texas offi-cers and all officers who have been killed or wounded in the line of duty. And we say ‘‘thank you’’ to the thousands of men and women who continue to serve. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
BROWN V. BOARD OF EDUCATION 
61ST ANNIVERSARY 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this 
Sunday marks the 61st anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education. 
Since that decision, countless American 
children of color have benefited from in-creased access to opportunities in education. 
However, we must continue to do more to 
address the opportunity gap in education. Because I have dedicated my life to edu-
cation and to being a champion for disadvan-taged young men and boys of color, I know that we must continue to invest time and re-sources. 
We must expand mentorship programs like 
my 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project and initiatives like the President’s My Brother’s Keeper so more boys and young men of color have the support and encouragement they 
need to succeed. 
As we commemorate Brown v. Board of 
Education, let us remember that, while we have come far, we must do more to lift up and support our children. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of this important legis-lation to provide for Congressional review of any final nuclear agreement with Iran. 
It is the policy of the United States to pre-
vent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. That is my position, and it has been the posi-tion of both President Obama and a majority in the United States Congress. 
As I indicated in a statement a few weeks 
ago, I support President Obama’s ongoing ef-fort to work with our P5+1 partners to achieve a strong and verifiable agreement to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. This legislation makes clear that Congress must exercise its responsibilities in this process. 
As the Administration has acknowledged, 
many important details remain to be worked out before the June 30 deadline. These in-clude ensuring that inspectors are able to visit all nuclear sites in Iran, that sanctions only begin to unwind after the International Atomic Energy Agency confirms that Iran is complying with the terms of the final agreement, that the ‘‘snap back’’ of sanctions is assured should Iran violate the agreement, and that Iran im-plements an agreed set of measures to ad-dress the IAEA’s concerns regarding the pos-sible military dimensions of its program. I will be carefully monitoring and reviewing the on-going negotiations to determine whether the final agreement meets the objectives we es-tablished. 
The legislation before us today ensures the 
very important role that Congress must play in this process. It provides that Congress will re-view this agreement and have the opportunity to act. Moreover, it makes clear that any re-peal of sanctions legislation will require con-gressional action. As negotiations continue, I look forward to working with the president and my congressional colleagues to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. I agree with President Obama that it would be best if we can achieve that objective by negotiating a verifiable agreement. But I also agree with him that no deal is better than a bad deal. 
Madam Speaker, the President and a major-
ity in the Congress are united in our commit-ment to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. Let us continue to pursue that objec-tive together. HONORING J
AQUON M. LOTT 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent at Quitman County Middle School. 
JaQuon M. Lott is the son of Tiara Lott of 
Lambert, MS. He has been attending Quitman County Middle School for two years. He is ac-tive in many school activities such as football, basketball, track and field, student council, and choir. He also is an active hall monitor for Quitman County Middle School. Along with his many school and academic responsibilities, JaQuon also takes part in his community and participated in Support the Vote initiative that the Student Council sponsored in November. 
JaQuon hopes to one day attend Mississippi 
State University or Alcorn State University to fulfill his dreams of one day playing in the NFL. A second part of his dream is to receive a Master’s Degree in Engineering. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing JaQuon M. Lott as a student who is goal oriented and making a difference in his community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAVIL WEST, NE-
VADA SENIOR OF THE YEAR FOR 2015 
HON. JOSEPH J. HECK 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I come 
to the floor today to recognize and commend my constituent Favil West on being named Nevada Senior Citizen of the Year for 2015. 
Favil is a resident of Henderson, Nevada, 
where he has lived with Pat, his wife of 54 years, since 2000. 
A tireless advocate for southern Nevada’s 
senior community, Favil co-founded The Foun-dation Assisting Seniors to improve the lives of seniors in his own community through pro-grams designed to assist seniors in times of illness, recovery, confinement at home, and coping with loss of a loved one. 
Among the most pressing challenges facing 
our senior communities are the health and safety risks that come with living alone. 
Favil worked with the Foundation Assisting 
Seniors to develop a solution to this challenge. 
Last fall, Favil developed the HowRU Pro-
gram, an effort specifically designed to mini-mize risks of living alone by maintaining daily contact with their senior clients. 
The program calls the subscriber daily at a 
designated time to see if they are doing okay. 
Think of the peace of mind that daily contact 
brings not only the seniors who participate, but also their family members. 
That peace of mind is the result of Favil’s 
devotion to serving fellow senior citizens in his community. I congratulate Favil West on being named Nevada Senior Citizen of the Year for 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.005 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E720 May 15, 2015 
HONORING JOHN GEORGE 
BEZANTAKOS-BAKER 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate John George Bezantakos-Baker of Boca Raton, Florida, who turned 100 years young on May 10th. 
A native Washingtonian, John was born in 
D.C. on May 10, 1915. He has fond childhood memories of selling peanuts in his push cart to prominent figures like the 30th President of the United States Calvin Coolidge and then Secretary of State Herbert Hoover. In 1944, he received his law degree from New York University and then enlisted in the Army Air Corps. After being honorably discharged in 1946, John worked at MetLife Insurance Com-pany until his retirement in 1976. John moved to Ft. Lauderdale post-retirement and became active in the South Florida Greek community as a lifetime member of the American Hellenic Education Progressive Association, the first Greek-American Neighborhood Commissioner for the Boy Scouts, and a trustee in his local Greek Orthodox Church. John was married 44 years to his late wife and has two children and three grandchildren. 
John is an exceptional man, and one who I 
am proud to represent in Florida’s 22nd Dis-trict. I know I join with his family and friends in celebrating this wonderful occasion. I wish him good health and continued success in the coming year. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that 
the following exchange of letters be submitted during consideration of H.R. 1735: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, April 30, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. THORNBERRY : I write to confirm 
our mutual understanding regarding several provisions contained in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdiction of House Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. However, in order to expedite floor consideration of this important legisla-tion, the committee waives consideration of the bill on the following provisions. 
Title Section #—Name 
5 ........................... Section 562—Availability of Additional Training Oppor-
tunities under Transition Assistance Program Title Section #—Name 
5 ........................... Section 565—Recognition of Additional Involuntary 
Mobilization Duty Authorities Exempt from Five-Year Limit on Reemployment Rights of Persons who Serve in the Uniformed Services 
5 ........................... Section 566—Job Training and Post-Service Placement 
Executive Committee 
5 ........................... Section 592—Honoring Certain Members of the Re-
serve Components as Veterans 
7 ........................... Section 701—Joint Uniform Formulary for Transition of 
Care 
7 ........................... Section 721—Extension of Authority for DOD-VA Health 
Care Sharing Incentive Fund 
7 ........................... Section 722—Extension of Authority for Joint Depart-
ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund 
12 ......................... Section 1251—Sense of Congress Recognizing the 
70th Anniversary of the End of Allied Military En-gagement in the Pacific Theater 
14 ......................... Section 1431—Authority for Transfer of Funds to Joint 
Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Cap-tain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois 
The House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
takes this action only with the under-standing that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. 
The committee also reserves the right to 
seek appointment to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of H.R. 1735 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
J
EFFMILLER , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. J EFFMILLER , 
Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, 
Cannon House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, April 30, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY , I write to 
confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on the Judiciary. However, in order to expedite floor consider-ation of this important legislation, the com-mittee waives consideration of the bill. 
The Committee on the Judiciary takes this 
action only with the understanding that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way di-
minished or altered. The committee also re-serves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate conference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. 
Finally, I would appreciate your including 
this letter in the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of H.R. 1735 on the House 
Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on the Judiciary has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expe-diting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary is not waiving its ju-risdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE EIGHTY-FIRST 
ANNIVERSARY OF PATROLMAN JOHN FRANCIS SMITH’S PASSING 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize John Francis Smith, a patrolman from Lynn, Massachusetts who died, as a re-sult of injuries sustained in the line of duty, on August 19, 1934. Today being Peace Officers Memorial Day, I can think of no more fitting occasion to honor his commitment to his com-munity and family. 
Patrolman Smith was a sixteen year veteran 
of the Lynn Police Department at the time of his fateful incident. Though his initial violent 
confrontation did not prove fatal, the wounds sustained that day did prove to be grievous. Patrolman Smith was rushed into emergency surgery, which would prolong his life by an ad-ditional two years. Despite his life threatening wounds, John F. Smith eventually returned to active patrol duty, serving his community to the best of his ability. Sadly, the wounds suf-fered in 1932, eventually took his life on Au-gust 19th, 1934. 
In addition to his dedicated service as a pa-
trolman in the Lynn Police Department, John F. Smith was a loving husband, and father to nine children. His family has continued to grow and flourish in the eight decades since his un-timely passing. In the five generations since his watch ended, public service has remained a very important component of the Smith fam-ily. Several of the descendants went on to serve in the Lynn Police Department, and oth-ers still got involved in municipal government. But, we can all be thankful for the precedent set by John Francis Smith’s service to his community. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor John 
Francis Smith on this day dedicated to the men and women who have fallen in the line of duty. I ask that my colleagues join me in com-memorating his sacrifice in the pursuit of a more perfect community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.010 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E721 May 15, 2015 
CELEBRATING 125 YEARS OF LCAL 
50 OF THE UNITED ASSOCIATION OF JOURNEYMEN PLUMBERS, STEAMFITTERS AND SERVICE MECHANICS 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
join the men and women of Local 50 of the United Association of Journeymen Plumbers, Steamfitters and Service Mechanics’ 125th an-niversary. I join in the union’s celebration and add my congratulations to the chorus in recog-nizing this remarkable milestone event. 
The union’s original 37 members were 
granted a charter on December 1, 1890 after previous association with the International As-sociation. Aggressive organizing efforts brought the city’s pipe craftsmen together and the union grew to nearly 90 members by 1897. During this time the local worked not only to increase its membership, but also the wages of its members who had been earning on average 30 cents an hour in a sixty hour work week. 
The Local’s history reports that one of its 
first major construction projects was the Nasby Building, Toledo’s first skyscraper at six sto-ries tall. By the end of its first decade, Local 50 craftsmen also helped to build Toledo land-marks the Gardner Building, the Spitzer Build-ing and the Lucas County Courthouse. During this time of its initial establishment and growth, the Local’s history explains that its leadership was able to work with are contractors and business owners while adhering to its primary objective: ‘‘Solidarity among workers for the benefit of all.’’ 
As the new century dawned, there were ri-
valries between the UA and other unions which ultimately weakened the relationship be-tween Local 50 and contractors and resulted in wage and overtime differentials among the crafts. However, these early power struggles eventually served to strengthen Local 50, which emerged from the battles a strong and powerful leader in Toledo’s labor movement. 
Through World War I, fears of Communist 
infiltration, tensions between management and labor, violent strikes, Prohibition and the Great Depression, Local 50 suffered, but survived. Then came the 1934 Electric Auto-Lite Strike. The Local 50 history notes, ‘‘ ‘The outcome of the Auto-Lite Strike strengthened the Toledo Central Labor Union, its affiliate locals and the Lucas County Unemployed League, leading to further organizing activity in the city.’ The strike also led to the creation of the Toledo In-dustrial Peace Board, which would go on to become a national model for strike resolution.’’ 
President Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal 
saved Local 50. Its members were employed by many of the public works building efforts the New Deal initiated, including the city’s Col-lins Park Water Treatment Plant, completed in 1941 and still operating in testament to the members’ skills. World War II brought in-creased work and technological and training improvements. 
As the union grew, progressive changes 
were initiated for its membership. The Health and Welfare Fund was created in 1952 fol-lowed by pension, holiday and retirement plans. Beginning in the 1950s, the union’s membership was kept busy with many new 
buildings going up along Toledo’s downtown skyline and new buildings at the University of Toledo. In 1970, the members of Local 50 began the biggest project in its history: the building of the Davis-Besse nuclear power plant. The history reports that during the eight- year building project, ‘‘Local 50 members dis-mantled and rebuilt components of nearly every piping system installed in the plant.’’ 
Local 50 then joined with other unions in the 
Northwest Ohio Building Trades to strengthen further its efforts on behalf of its membership. This coalition was crucial to the unions during the economic downturn of the 1980s and the subsequent fallout of the challenges to work-ing families brought by that economy. The Local’s history explains the union was able to remain strong ‘‘by ‘drawing on the highest tra-ditions of craft unionism and moral guidance provided by the hearts and minds of its mem-bership.’ The 1990s saw the centennial cele-bration of Local 50 as well as employment in large construction projects and a renewed em-phasis on continual training. As the new cen-tury began, the jobs were still going strong. A new union hall and training center opened on August 12, 2003 with a state-of-the-art training center completed in 2009. Through the first years of the 21st Century, Local 50 members were again an integral part of major building efforts at universities, industries and public construction in our region. 
The January 4, 2000 edition of ‘‘The Pipe 
Line’’ Voice of the Building Trades printed this truth which summarizes the U.S. labor move-ment and the journey of Local 50: ‘‘When Local 50 was born, there were no pensions, no hospitalization, no scholarships, no picnics, no dinner dances, no apprenticeships, no Journeyman training and no credit union. Each of these benefits grew through struggle and dedication. ‘We stand on the shoulders of those who came before.’ I don’t know who said this, but it is certainly true of Local 50 . . . Over the last 100 years, labor has changed the face of this nation. We have weekends, Social Security, living wages, Health and Welfare, pensions, 8 hour days, safety provisions, and other benefits which are a direct result of labor’s struggles.’’ 
I am reminded of labor leader Richard 
Trumka’s statement that ‘‘There is nothing stronger than the American labor movement. United, we cannot and we will not be turned aside. We’ll work for it, sisters and brothers. We’ll stand for it. Together. Each of us. To bring out the best in America. To bring out the best in ourselves, and each other.’’ The broth-ers and sisters of Local 50 in Northwest Ohio have done just this for 125 years, helping to create the middle class and bringing out the best that is in us. United, its members have stood strong over three centuries. United, its members will stand strong and in solidarity in the centuries to come. 
f 
HONORING CADET COL GREGORY 
WILSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable Cadet COL Gregory Wilson, a senior at Murrah High 
School who is the Jackson Public School JROTC Cadet of the Year for 2015. 
While maintaining a 3.8 grade point aver-
age, Cadet Wilson has held several key lead-ership positions in the Battalion throughout his high school tenure. Cadet Wilson is a proud member of the National Honor Society and National Junior Classical League. He recently attended the American Legion Boys State where he was elected state treasurer. 
Cadet Wilson has also been actively in-
volved in a variety of community service projects including Stewpot Summer Enrich-ment and Stop Hunger Now. Currently, he serves as the Cadet Battalion Commander for the ‘‘Mustang’’ Battalion. 
Cadet Wilson has been accepted to several 
colleges including the prestigious University of Mississippi Honors College. After graduating from Murrah with honors, Cadet Wilson will at-tend the University of Mississippi. He plans to attend medical school at an Army residency program. His vision is to become a pathologist for the United States Army. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Cadet COL Gregory Wilson. 
f 
HEZBOLLAH INTERNATIONAL FI-
NANCING PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 14, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of H.R. 2297, the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act. 
The aim of the bill is to curtail the funding 
of Hezbollah’s domestic and international ter-rorist activities by disrupting its logistics and fi-nancial network. The bill proposes diplomatic, legislative, and executive strategies to combat Hezbollah including directing the Treasury De-partment to prohibit or impose strict restric-tions on the activities of financial institutions that knowingly facilitate transactions for the terrorist group. 
Some of the world’s most powerful banks 
are suspected of knowingly helping Hezbollah fund its terror operations by concealing billions of dollars in transactions with its Iranian spon-sor. This bill will help to curb those activities. 
H.R. 2297 is largely the same bill as that 
which passed the House unanimously last July. The only differences are minor and in-clude the stripping of the findings clauses and the removal of the section on conflict minerals. 
Hezbollah’s global logistics and financial 
network is a lifeline to the organization that strengthens its power to consolidate within countries such as Lebanon and Syria. 
I encourage my colleagues join me again in 
supporting the bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BECKY MUDD 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to acknowledge the accomplishments of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.014 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E722 May 15, 2015 
my constituent, Ms. Becky Mudd. Becky ran a 
263-mile course from Huntington Beach, Cali-fornia to the border of Arizona in nine days to raise public awareness of and funds for pedi-atric cancer research. Over the nine day pe-riod, Becky ran daily and dedicated parts of her journey to different forms of childhood 
cancer. She dedicated the first day of her run to Samuel Jeffers who at age 8 lost his life to brain cancer. The Jeffers family was Becky’s support crew during her run. 
As Becky neared the halfway point of her 
run in the city of Banning, California, the po-lice chief rode alongside her on a bicycle. Becky made a brief stop at Banning City Hall to meet with families who had lost children to cancer. She surpassed her fundraising goal, raising more than $7,500 to support the Pedi-atric Cancer Research Foundation. Through her activism, Becky has touched the lives of families and children who have been affected by pediatric cancer. 
Becky is supporting a tremendous effort to 
raise public awareness of a disease that this year is estimated by the American Cancer So-ciety to affect 10,380 children in the United States under the age of 15. Her daily efforts to bring pediatric cancer to the forefront hon-ors the memory of her two sisters, Robin Ross and Rhonda Ross, both of whom lost their lives to cancer. 
Becky was born and raised in Orange 
County, California. She is a resident of my 48th Congressional District in Laguna Beach, California and a longtime employee of the Or-ange County Water District. I commend and applaud her unstinting work to support pedi-atric cancer research. It is my honor to join with my colleagues in recognition of Becky Mudd. 
f 
HONORING HENRY JABLONSKI 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these 
remarks to commemorate the life of my col-league and friend Henry Jablonski of Christiansburg, Virginia, who passed away on April 26, 2015. 
Born in Wilmington, Delaware, Henry went 
on to attend the University of Delaware, where he studied physics. He went on to work for Hercules, Inc. in Salt Lake City, Utah, Prince-ton, New Jersey, and Radford, Virginia. He married fellow Wilmington native Norma while in Salt Lake City. The pair were married for 53 years before Norma passed away in 2012. In Princeton his son Neil was born, and his daughter Jennifer was born in Radford. 
Henry truly was a rocket scientist, having 
worked in Utah to demonstrate the reliability of the Minute Man and Polaris missile stages. In 1967, Henry moved to Southwest Virginia in order to assist in designing a Hercules auto-mated manufacturing facility for propellants. 
After 36 years of service, Henry retired from 
Hercules Inc./Alliant Techsystems in 1995. Later, he returned to work at the Radford Army Ammunition Plant at Valentec Systems, Inc., where he provided engineering and man-agement services for a manufacturing oper-ation. 
Additionally, Henry was very involved in 
public service. He was elected to the Mont-gomery County Board of Supervisors for four 
terms, and served from 1982–1997 as the county’s District D representative. During that time, Henry was elected Chairman of the Board for three years and Vice Chairman for seven years. 
From 1982–1997, Henry also served on the 
Montgomery County Public Service Authority 
(as Chairman for two years and as Vice Chair-man for two years) and the New River Valley Planning District Commission (again as Chair-man for two years and Vice Chairman for two years). 
Additionally, Henry was active with the 
Montgomery County Regional Economic De-velopment Commission (from 1988–1993), the New River Valley Development Corp. (from 1985–1997, Vice President and Board of Di-rectors), the MBC (Montgomery County, Blacksburg, Christiansburg) Development Corp. (from 1990–1997, Board of Directors), the Montgomery County Planning Commission (from 1994–1996), the Montgomery County/ Floyd County Regional Library—Main Branch Building Commission (from 1986–1987), the Montgomery County School Site Selection Committee (from 1996–1997), and the Riner Fire Station Building Committee (from 1984– 1985, Chairman). 
Henry served on the Boards of Directors of 
the Warm Hearth Village and the Montgomery Museum and Lewis Miller Regional Art Center. Henry was the chairman of and a writer for the museum’s book project committee. This com-mittee lead to the publication of the 772-page book Virginia’s Montgomery County, which covers the history of the county. 
Further, Henry served in the United States 
Air Force Reserves from 1958–1963, and graduated from the Aircraft and Engine Me-chanics School at Sheppard Air Force Base in Texas. 
Henry is survived by son, Neil Jablonski and 
wife, Dianna, of Spotsylvania, Virginia; daugh-ter, Jennifer Jablonski, of Columbia, South Carolina; and sisters, Pat Allen, of Kansas City, Missouri; Nannette Cannon and husband, Jim, of Wilmington, Delaware, and Mary Julia Stachecki and husband, Chester, of Dover, Delaware. Henry was predeceased by cher-ished wife, Norma. 
A man whose legacy and love for family, 
neighbors, and community will long be remem-bered, Henry will be greatly missed. I am hon-ored to pay tribute to Henry’s many contribu-tions. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family and loved ones. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE GUN SHOW 
LOOPHOLE CLOSING ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to introduce today the Gun Show Loophole Closing Act—critical legislation to keep dangerous weapons away from criminals and other prohibited persons. First proposed by my friend and former col-league Rep. Carolyn McCarthy, I am humbled to continue her important effort to end gun vio-lence, and this legislation would take an im-portant step forward. 
States across the country, including my 
home state of New York, have recognized the danger posed by this significant gap in our 
gun laws that allows complete strangers to buy and sell guns without the background check requirements Congress passed in the Brady Bill. I’m proud that there is momentum around the country to update our gun laws and ensure that weapons do not end up in the wrong hands—but the fact is that we need a federal solution to this national problem. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives has cited gun shows as a ‘‘major trafficking channel’’, and lax gun show regula-tions in one state can allow guns in the hands of criminals in communities many states away. 
The Gun Show Loophole Closing Act will 
close this gap in existing law and give the ATF the resources and authority it needs to ensure that gun shows do not facilitate dangerous gun sales. The legislation will make sure that law enforcement knows the details about shows and that records are kept on firearm sales. These common-sense measures will bring consistent national standards to gun shows, help combat gun trafficking, and keep guns out of the wrong hands. 
I hope my colleagues will join me to support 
this important effort. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chair, I rise to discuss 
several important provisions included in H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. The bill provides critical authorities to support our men and women in uniform. 
In particular, I appreciate the leadership of 
Readiness Chairman, Rep. R
OBWITTMAN of 
Virginia, and the way we have worked to-gether to address the readiness of our United States military. The underlying bill takes im-portant steps to provide authorities and funds to support for the readiness of our military to meet the full spectrum of threats. 
However, I have concerns about an amend-
ment that is in en-bloc package 1 and spon-sored by Congressman H
ANNA of New York. 
While I do not oppose the entire en-bloc pack-age I am concerned about the potential im-pacts of Mr. H
ANNA ’s amendment on reverse 
auctions. In last year’s defense bill we carried a provision that provided a framework to con-duct reverse auctions in the Department of Defense. I am concerned that Mr. H
ANNA ’s 
amendment, as offered, is too broad and does not allow ample time for the DoD to implement what we required just months ago. 
The amendment would restrict the use of re-
verse auctions on procurement of certain items for the protection of Federal employees or members of the Armed Forces. Such broad language could include items that are more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.017 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E723 May 15, 2015 
appropriately procured through reverse auc-
tions. There is also no evidence that reverse auctions have been harmful in the procure-ment of any personal safety devices including bullet-proof vests. 
Finally, the amendment includes a definition 
of design and construction services that is overly broad and could preclude contracting officials from using reverse auctions to save the government significant funding. For exam-ple, it defines design and construction services to include interior design and landscape de-sign. Use of reverse auctions may be an ap-propriate way to save the government signifi-cant funding. 
Ultimately, I appreciate the gentlemen’s in-
tent to provide a government-wide framework for reverse auctions but I am concerned the language is overly broad and could have the unintended consequences for contracting offi-cers and potentially add costs instead of save the government valuable funding. I look for-ward to working with Mr. H
ANNA of New York 
and Ms. M ENG of New York to address their 
concerns during Conference Committee on the FY16 NDAA. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE RACIAL 
PROFILING PREVENTION ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-
duce a bill, the Racial Profiling Prevention Act, to reestablish a federal grant program for states that desire to develop racial profiling laws, collect and maintain appropriate data, design programs to reduce racial profiling, and train law enforcement officers. We were suc-cessful in getting the program included in the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Trans-portation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (SAFETEA–LU) in 2005. Although the pro-gram was just a small piece of the large SAFETEA–LU bill, nearly half of the states competed and ultimately participated in the program for multiple years. This experience speaks to state desires to deal with their own policing and profiling issues and to the useful-ness of the program to states. Racial profiling is a form of racial discrimination that has been thrust back into the forefront of national con-cern by the tragic deaths of Black men by po-lice and national demonstrations and disturb-ances, most recently in Baltimore, Maryland. 
Racial profiling on roads built with federal 
funds is a violation of Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, because it amounts to a govern-ment subsidy of discrimination. However, while racial profiling remains more widespread in our country than most other forms of discrimi-nation, there is little experience in developing legislation in this sensitive area to address ra-cial profiling while allowing for appropriate law enforcement. My bill would help states to bet-ter develop their racial profiling laws and help train law enforcement to avoid these prob-lems. 
My bill imposes no mandates on states. It 
simply authorizes a grant program, but does not require states to participate. However, it provides resources that many states and local-ities clearly need if they are to curb racial profiling. RECOGNIZING AMERICAN MUSIC 
LEGEND AND MISSISSIPPI NA-TIVE B.B. KING 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of one of Mississippi’s favorite sons and one of the icons of American music, Riley B. (‘‘B.B.’’) King. Born on a plantation between Indianola and Itta Bena, Mississippi, on Sep-tember 16, 1925, B.B. King was raised in the Mississippi Delta and went on to become the unquestioned ‘‘King of the Blues.’’ 
Like many great musicians, B.B. King began 
his music career in church—singing in the choir of his grandmother’s church in Kilmichael, Mississippi. Eventually, he went on to earn nickels and dimes for playing the gui-tar in the surrounding area. Mr. King was then introduced to Beale Street in Memphis and the Sonny Boy Williamson’s Radio Show where he received his big break and gained his nick-name ‘‘Beale Street Blues Boy’’ which was ul-timately shortened to ‘‘B.B.’’ 
In the 1950’s, B.B. King embarked on what 
would be a legendary touring career. This in-cluded a record-setting 342 appearances in 1956 with his band throughout the country in many venues ranging from those on the so- called ‘‘Chit’lin Circuit’’ to symphony concert halls. B.B. King often spent three hundred days out of the year performing on the road— even well into his 80’s. 
In one of the most unruly experiences he 
had on the road, he was playing a concert hall where a fight broke out, a kerosene lamp was knocked over and a fire was started in the hall. B.B. realized that in the rush, he left his beloved guitar in the hall and ran back in to get it. He later discovered that the fight broke out over a woman named Lucille and he de-cided to name his guitar after her as a re-minder to never do anything that crazy again. To this day, his trademark, black Gibson gui-tars are called ‘‘Lucille.’’ 
B.B. King had one of the most identifiable 
and unique guitar styles in music history. He integrated complex string blends and his left hand vibrato which created an almost vocal- sounding guitar sound. This sound can be heard on his many hits including ‘‘Three O’Clock Blues,’’ ‘‘The Thrill Is Gone,’’ and ‘‘Stormy Monday’’ 
B.B. King’s awards and honors are almost 
countless. He was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 1984 and into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987. He has received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, Ken-nedy Center Honors and the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his contribution to American music. Additionally, he has been be-stowed honorary doctorates from Tougaloo College, Mississippi Valley State University, Rhodes College, Yale University and Brown University. 
Although he had such immense success all 
over the world, B.B. King never lost touch with his Mississippi Delta roots and each year re-turned to his hometown of Indianola to give a concert at the B.B. King Homecoming Blues Festival. His iconic impact on music is a source of great pride for all Mississippians— especially those in the Delta. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-
leagues join me in celebrating the life and leg-acy of B.B. King. His work ethic and talent were immeasurable and his impact on Amer-ican music is undeniable. He was a great bluesman, a great Mississippian and a great American. The ‘‘King’’ may have died today but his music will live on forever. 
f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE 
BROADENING OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH EDUCATION ACT 
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, education is 
the key to building a workforce prepared to meet the needs and challenges of the 21st century global economy. However, every year more than 1.2 million students drop out of high schools across the United States. 
Students who drop out of high school not 
only reduce their opportunity to learn, but also tend to earn less over the course of their life and are often less prepared to compete in the workforce. Adults who drop out of high school and do not receive their GED earn on average 41 percent less than their counterparts who completed high school. 
In addition, reducing the high school dropout 
rate could provide a significant boost to our economy. A study by researchers at Columbia University estimates that the net economic benefit per student graduating high school is approximately $127,000. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why today I reintro-
duced my Broadening Opportunities Through Education Act. This legislation provides addi-tional resources to states that raise the age of compulsory school attendance through age 17. These resources are designed to ensure that students at risk of dropping out receive the support they need to reach their fullest po-tential. These funds would go towards estab-lishing or expanding work-based programs that integrate academic and career-based skills through career and technical training and apprenticeships; implementing early warning systems to help high schools and middle schools to identify struggling students and im-plement evidence based interventions; and in-creasing support systems for students through activities such as student advising and one-to- one mentoring. 
As Congress continues to work on strate-
gies to address our deficit and grow our 21st century economy, we cannot forget that our greatest asset is the knowledge base of our workforce. I encourage my colleagues to co-sponsor the Broadening Opportunities Through Education Act and help me bring this program to fruition. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. 
WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ CLEMENS 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Mr. William ‘‘Bill’’ Clemens, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.020 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E724 May 15, 2015 
who passed away peacefully on April 24, 
2015. Bill was born to his loving parents Lewis and Ina Walker on May 5, 1925. He was raised in Southern Illinois where he attended a one-room schoolhouse, and while attending school he began working in his father’s gen-eral merchandise store in Grantsburg, IL as well as his father’s furniture store in Vienna, IL. 
Bill was very successful in his schooling 
having graduated from Vienna Township High School in 1942, Northwestern University in 1945, and the Harvard Business School’s Mid- Officer Certificate program for Navy Supply Corps Officers in 1945. Bill was very kind and hardworking but above all else, he loved his family and they were his most prized posses-sion. For all who knew Bill, one of his proud-est achievements in life had been serving as an Ensign in the U.S. Navy. He was stationed as Commissary Officer on Guam, until he was honorably discharged in 1946. Bill later dedi-cated over 32 years, working for General Elec-tric (GE) in computer systems until finally retir-ing in 1988. Bill was passionate about cook-ing, photography, writing, and working with computers. 
On January 16, 1955 Bill married Ms. Joyce 
(Harkins) Walker in northern Georgia and later the pair welcomed their son Jeffrey and daughter Nancy. After Joyce’s passing, Bill married BettyAnn Walker in 1997. The pair lived in Naples, Florida until his passing this 
year. Bill is preceded in death by his father Lewis; mother Ina; wife Joyce; and his two brothers Newton and James. He leaves be-hind his wife BettyAnn; son Jeff; daughter Nancy; sister Elizabeth; and seven grand-children. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to Bill’s entire family. He was a great man whose legacy will continue to live on, and he will be missed. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 
HONORABLE ADOLPH M CLENDON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a devoted leader and out-standing public servant, the Honorable Adolph McLendon, who has served as the Mayor of Richland, Georgia since 1974. Under Mayor McLendon’s leadership, Richland has become a prosperous economic hub and the ideal community in which to live. Mayor McLendon will be honored for his service by his staff, friends, supporters, and the citizens of Rich-land at a celebration on Monday, May 18, 2015 at noon at the Richland Hotel in Rich-land, Georgia. 
A native of Soperton, Georgia, Mayor 
McLendon began devoting his time and talents to public service following his graduation from Soperton High School. He spent 36 years with Seaboard Railroad, and served our country honorably in the United States Army and Air Force National Guard. 
Always seeking to improve and better his 
community, he served on the Lower Chat-tahoochee Area Planning and Development Committee, the Stewart County Water Board, the Board of Richland Banking Company, the Board of the Stewart Webster Hospital, and the Board of the Rural Health Clinic. In 1974, Adolph McLendon was elected 
mayor of Richland, Georgia and during his 33 years of leadership, he has taken great pride in improving and investing in the city of Rich-land. He has created a business-friendly set-ting, effectively generating sales tax revenue, he has championed the preservation of Rich-land’s historic downtown Victorian storefronts through smart redevelopment, he has ad-vanced ideas and initiatives to build a diverse tax digest, and he has built a political environ-ment where equal opportunity is not a goal, but a reality. 
Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You 
make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ We are so grateful that Mayor McLendon has given so much of himself to the city of Richland, Georgia. A man of great integrity, he serves as an inspiration to other public officials in the city and sur-rounding areas, as well as to those who strive to better their own communities. The residents of Richland are truly blessed to have a leader who genuinely cares for each and every one of them and has their best interests at heart. 
A man of deep and abiding faith, Mayor 
McLendon is an active member of Richland United Methodist Church, where he has served on and chaired the Board of Stewards for many years. He shares his life and accom-plishments with his wife of 48 years, Margaret. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in honoring and recognizing Mayor Adolph McLendon on this special occa-sion for his significant contributions and endur-ing dedication to the city of Richland and Stewart County, Georgia. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LOWELL P. 
WEICKER, JR., FORMER GOV-ERNOR AND SENATOR OF CON-NECTICUT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize Lowell P. Weicker, Jr., former Governor and Senator of Connecticut, on the dedication of the Lowell P. Weicker Building at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Be-thesda, Maryland. 
Lowell Weicker served as the 85th Governor 
of Connecticut from 1991 to 1995, prior to which he represented Connecticut in the United States Senate from 1971 to 1989. 
In 1981, when President Reagan submitted 
his first budget to Congress, he proposed sig-nificant cuts to domestic programs, including the NIH and services for the disabled and dis-advantaged. Then-Senator Weicker led a band of Republicans to respond to these proposed cuts and worked with Democrats to craft a budget that restored funding for the NIH. 
In 1983, Senator Weicker ascended to 
Chairman of the Labor, Health, and Human Services Appropriations Subcommittee. From that post, Senator Weicker defended the NIH from proposed cuts to research on cancer and Alzheimer’s, and he held the first hearings on HIV/AIDS research. In the early 1980s, few Americans understood what the AIDS virus was and how it was transmitted. Many held prejudices against those who were most ini-
tially affected by the disease. 
Senator Weicker was ahead of his time in 
seeing HIV/AIDS as an emerging health crisis. While support for AIDS research was con-troversial, Senator Weicker stood firm in his support for science and the community, and preserved research from the threat of preju-
dice. Senator Weicker recognized the need for our government to fight the AIDS epidemic comprehensively, from research to treatment to public education. Senator Weicker implored his colleagues to change their attitudes on AIDS, asking them, ‘‘When in America did we ask how you got sick before coming to your assistance?’’ 
In 1986, Senator Weicker played a critical 
role in securing the first funding for clinical trials on AZT and treatment for 10,000 AIDS infected patients. AZT was a transformative and first in a line of drugs that helped turned the tide in treatment for HIV/AIDS. Weicker’s support laid the groundwork for the approval of AZT as an effective treatment by the FDA in 1987. 
As Chairman of the Labor-Health Appropria-
tions Subcommittee, Senator Weicker did more than defend the NIH budget, he helped secure a 56 percent increase, translating into lifesaving research for millions of Americans. Moreover, Senator Weicker led the fight to grow federal funding to combat AIDS from $64 million in 1984 to $925 million in 1988. 
He also worked for health and education 
programs for physically and developmentally disabled persons and the poor. Weicker spon-sored the Protection and Advocacy for the Mentally Ill Act in 1985 and in 1988 introduced legislation that would become the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
Even after his service in the U.S. Senate, 
he has continued to champion medical re-search, launching Research!America in 1989, and serving as President of the Board of Di-rectors of Trust for America’s Health, and as a Director of the National Library of Medicine of the National Institutes of Health since Feb-ruary 2003. 
On Tuesday, May 5, the National Institutes 
of Health held a ceremony dedicating the newly-renovated Lowell P. Weicker Building, where scientists in the National Institute of Al-lergy and Infectious Diseases will conduct the lifesaving research then-Senator Weicker fought so hard to protect. Speakers at the ceremony included Dr. Francis Collins, Direc-tor of the National Institutes of Health, Dr. An-thony Fauci, Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Re-search!America President Mary Woolley and former Senator Tom Harkin, a colleague of Senator Weicker who worked with him on a bi-partisan basis to secure funding for the NIH. Each speaker highlighted Senator Weicker’s achievements on health policy as a senator, especially with regard to NIH research on HIV/ AIDS. 
It was a fitting tribute at NIH for Lowell 
Weicker, worthy of the champion who fought bravely to protect its buildings and the irre-placeable research conducted inside them. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Governor Weicker on the dedication of the Lowell P. Weicker Building and for his lifelong dedication to disadvantaged Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.024 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E725 May 15, 2015 
HONORING MISS QUANESHIA 
BAKER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a multi-talented young lady, Miss Quaneshia Baker. Miss Quaneshia Baker, a resident of Rolling Fork, MS, is the eldest of two, raised in a single parent home. 
She is a 2015 Honors graduate of South 
Delta High School. Quaneshia plans to attend the University of Mississippi and pursue a de-gree in political science with the dream of be-coming an attorney. Quaneshia, an all-around student, excelled in both academics and extra-curricular activities. Quaneshia scored a per-fect score on the Algebra I and Mathematical MCT exam. She scored in the highest cat-egory on the Algebra I, Biology I, English II, and World History state exams. She held the title of Miss South Delta twice, once in middle school and the other in high school for having the highest grade point average in school. 
Quaneshia is a member and officer of var-
ious academic and extracurricular activities. She is the President of the class of 2015 and member of the 4H Club, Student Council, Peer Council, Jackson State University’s Teen Drinking Prevention Council and the Mayor’s Youth Council. Quaneshia is a member of the Future Farmers of America (FFA) organiza-tion, where she competed in eight different competitions: Parliamentary Procedure, Open-ing and Closing Ceremony demonstration, Flo-riculture, Nursery Landscape, and Horticulture. Also, she was the highest scoring silver coin individual on her team while competing in Kentucky at the National FFA competition. 
Miss Baker has volunteered with the Mis-
sissippi Department of Environmental Quality and the Legacy Village by conducting re-search and informing the community of envi-ronmental safety. Other community activities Quaneshia has been involved in include: land-scaping the Vocational complex, mentoring 5th graders, adopting a senior citizen, directing the annual Delta Marathon, serve as tour lead-er during the Annual Deep Delta Beat Festival, reading to children at Ripley Blackwell head start and South Delta Elementary school and participating in a school supply giveaway. 
Having achieved so much at a young age, 
Miss Baker strives every day to reach her goals while remembering this quote from Aris-totle, which states, ‘‘We are what we repeat-edly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Miss Quaneshia Baker for her hard work, dedication and a strong desire to achieve. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to correct the record and express my support of Mr. K
ING’s amendment to the Mili-
tary Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. In the midst of the appropriations amend-
ment series for this bill, I was mistaken about which amendment was being considered and accidentally voted against Mr. K
ING’s Davis- 
Bacon prohibition amendment on the floor. 
When these types of amendments have 
come up in the past, I have always voted to prohibit the Davis-Bacon prevailing wage re-quirements from applying to federally funded projects. 
Last Congress, I voted in favor of Mr. K
ING’s 
amendment in two different appropriations bills and in the 112th Congress, I voted in favor of eight different Davis-Bacon prohibition amend-ments in various appropriations and transpor-tation bills. 
The Depression-era Davis-Bacon Act is fun-
damentally flawed, continues to create ineffi-ciencies and inflates the cost of our construc-tion projects. 
I want to make it clear that I am supportive 
of the King Amendment and it was my inten-tion to vote ‘‘aye’’ both then and in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STEVEN LUCYSHYN 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commemorate the life of a veteran and member of the Rochester community, Steven Lucyshyn. 
Rochester is a vibrant city with a rich history 
including the members of its community who ranged from activists to philanthropists to tech-nological pioneers, and the businesses that were the front-runners of their time in their re-spective fields. The contributions made by Rochesterians inspire their fellow community members on a daily basis. Steven is no ex-ception. Born in 1919, Steven was a hard-working man who carried on the spirit of Rochester in his day-to-day life as a husband, father, and friend. 
But he went well beyond that. In the midst 
of World War II, Steven answered the call to serve his country and joined the Armed Forces. On June 12, 1941, Steven enlisted as a Private and proudly served in the Warrant Officers branch of the U.S. Army. Steven dis-played this immense bravery while fighting in the Battle of the Bulge. Serving one’s country requires an immense amount of courage and valor that few of us are capable of displaying. It is without hesitation that we honor the life of Steven, his love for his family and the con-tributions that he made to this country and the Rochester community. 
Steven was predeceased by his beloved 
wife of 66 years, Amelia, who together, raised two children, Michael Lucyshyn and Janice Schillaci; had two grandsons, Samuel J. (Becky) Lucyshyn and Michael J. Schillaci; and four great-grandchildren, Zoe, Dominic, Mia, and Jessica. As his family and friends mourn his passing, let this record celebrate his life and service to our country. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, 
during the evening of Thursday, April 30 and on Friday, May 1, 2015, I took medical leave to make an appointment related to my recov-ery from a surgical procedure and was unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 183 (on agreeing 
to the conference report for S. Con. Res. 11), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 184 (on agreeing 
to the Van Hollen Amendment to H.R. 2029), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 185 (on agreeing 
to the first Mulvaney Amendment to H.R. 2029), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 186 (on agreeing 
to the second Mulvaney Amendment to H.R. 2029), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 187 (on agreeing 
to the Nadler Amendment to H.R. 2029), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 188 (on agreeing 
to the Blumenauer Amendment to H.R. 2029), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 189 (on agreeing 
to the Pocan Amendment to H.R. 2029), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 190 (on agreeing 
to the Hice Amendment to H.R. 2029), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 191 (on agreeing 
to the King (IA) Amendment to H.R. 2029), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 192 (on the mo-
tion to recommit H.R. 2029, with instructions), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 193 (on passage 
of H.R. 2029), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 194 (on passage 
of H.J. Res. 43), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 195 (on agreeing 
to the first McClintock Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 196 (on agreeing 
to the Ruiz Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 197 (on agreeing 
to the Griffith Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 198 (on agreeing 
to the first Swalwell Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 199 (on agreeing 
to the Byrne Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 200 (on agreeing 
to the second McClintock Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 201 (on agreeing 
to the Ellison Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 202 (on agreeing 
to the second Swalwell Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 203 (on agreeing 
to the Quigley Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 204 (on agreeing 
to the Garamendi Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 205 (on agreeing 
to the Hudson Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 206 (on agreeing 
to the Sanford Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 207 (on agreeing 
to the Burgess Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 208 (on agreeing 
to the Rothfus Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 209 (on agreeing 
to the Gosar Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 210 (on agreeing 
to the Blackburn Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 211 (on agreeing 
to the McClintock Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.027 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E726 May 15, 2015 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 212 (on agreeing 
to the first LaMalfa Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 213 (on agreeing 
to the second LaMalfa Amendment to H.R. 2028), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 214 (on the mo-
tion to recommit H.R. 2028, with instructions), 
‘‘NO’’ on rollcall vote No. 215 (on passage 
of H.R. 2028). 
f 
HONORING JEWISH AMERICAN 
HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, this May we cel-
ebrate Jewish American History Month, to rec-ognize the social, political, and cultural history of America’s Jewish community. I am pleased to recognize the myriad contributions Jewish Americans make every day to improve our City, State and Nation often in the face of un-speakable discrimination and adversity. Amer-ica is blessed to have such a vibrant commu-nity that impacts so many lives through the spirit of tikkun olam, or repairing the world. 
It is my great honor to represent the Upper 
Manhattan Congressional District and the Bronx, which is home to many distinguished institutions, such as The Jewish Theological Seminary, Yeshiva University, and Touro Col-lege, as well as almost thirty active syna-gogues of all denominations. I am proud that my dearly respected friend, Rabbi Arthur Schneier, who is world-renowned for his ef-forts to promote peace and justice, has been recently knighted by Pope Francis and made a member of the Papal Order of St. Sylvester at a ceremony in New York. 
Over the years, I have worked closely with 
New York based institutional organizations like the Jewish Community Relations Council, Met Council of Jewish Poverty and the American Jewish Committee on a variety of issues. I have led past efforts to assist Jews seeking refuge from the former Soviet Union and Ethi-opia, and I am proud to have worked with my colleagues in Congress on various bills to fight anti-Semitism and racism. Just recently I sup-ported a resolution urging the Administration to combat anti-Semitism globally. As a strong supporter of Israel, I will continue to advocate for stability in the Middle East. I congratulate Jewish people everywhere for their contribu-tions to our community and to our country. To them I say Shalom and Kol Tov. 
f 
HONORING NIA DORROUGH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent at Quitman County Middle School. 
Nia Dorrough was born on November 29, 
2002 to Tawanda Dorrough. She is the grand-daughter of Melvin and Virginia Dorrough. Nia is a straight A student who has been on the Superintendent’s List since kindergarten. She is an active member of the Quitman County Middle School’s Student Council. She also 
represented the Language Arts department in her schools coronation as Miss Language Arts for her astounding scores. When Nia was at Quitman County Elementary School, Nia vol-unteered to help raise money for her school to build a new playground by collecting box tops. Some of Nia’s goals include: helping medical researchers gain funding to find a cure for cancer and other diseases. She aspires to do this by becoming a successful lawyer with her own law firm. Nia is an active member in her community and works as a Junior Secretary for Burrell Chapel M. B. Church. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Nia Dorrough, as a student who is goal oriented and making a difference in her community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WEST KEN-
TUCKY COMMUNITY AND TECH-NICAL COLLEGE 
HON. ED WHITFIELD 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate West Kentucky Community and Technical College (WKCTC) on recently being named one of the top three community colleges in America by the Aspen Institute. 
Selected from 1,123 community colleges na-
tionwide, this marks the second time WKCTC has been chosen as Finalist-with-Distinction in addition to having been ranked as a top ten fi-nalist every year the Aspen Prize has been awarded since its launch in 2011. 
Created by the Aspen Institute, The Aspen 
Prize is the nation’s preeminent recognition of high achievement and performance in Amer-ica’s community colleges and is awarded every two years. The prize recognizes institu-tions for outstanding outcomes in four areas: student learning; certificate and degree com-pletion; employment and earnings; and high levels of access and success for minority and low-income students. 
WKCTC students graduate and transfer at 
rates that exceed the national average by eight percent and asserts no gap in graduation rates between minorities and other students— a rare occurrence in most of the nation’s col-leges and universities. Working to draw first- generation students into college, WKCTC fac-ulty and staff consistently track student learn-ing and completion outcomes and use this data to improve teaching and guidance prac-tices. These efforts have resulted in an in-crease in student retention and degree com-pletion, and place them among the very best in graduating students who are prepared for meaningful employment and/or success after transferring to a four-year institution. 
WKCTC has been a primary player in efforts 
to expand economic growth, from a high-tech industrialized training facility for area compa-nies to adding programs in anticipated growth areas, including marine technology, logistics and operations management. 
Community colleges today enroll more than 
40 percent of all U.S. undergraduates—7 mil-lion students—working toward degrees and certificates. While fewer than half of all com-munity college students graduate nationwide, Aspen Prize finalist institutions demonstrate community colleges can help students achieve 
higher levels of success while in college and after they graduate. 
West Kentucky Community and Technical 
College, located in Paducah, Kentucky, stands among these leading institutions and I am pleased to see its success once again being acknowledged. 
f 
UNITING AND STRENGTHENING 
AMERICA BY FULFILLING RIGHTS AND ENSURING EFFEC-TIVE DISCIPLINE OVER MONI-TORING ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in opposition to H.R. 2048, the USA Freedom Act. 
In the wake of last week’s 2nd Circuit Court 
Decision, I want to commend Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE , Ranking Member C ONYERS , Congress-
man S ENSENBRENNER , and Congressman N AD-
LER, for crafting legislation that makes mean-
ingful reforms to many NSA surveillance pro-grams—including Section 215 of the Patriot Act—and is a departure from the untenable status quo. However, despite these positive reforms, this bill fails to address Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act, an even more invasive program than Section 215 which al-lows the government to collect both data and content of Americans without a warrant. 
Last year’s version of the USA Freedom Act 
similarly scaled back many of the surveillance programs the NSA currently has at its dis-posal. Unfortunately, Section 702 was not one of them. Throughout the process, we were re-peatedly assured by Chairman G
OODLATTE  
and Congressman S ENSENBRENNER that there 
would be a real future effort to address Sec-tion 702. At that time, Rep. S
ENSENBRENNER  
stated, ‘‘Section 702 of FISA has been im-properly used to obtain the content of Ameri-cans’ private communications without a war-rant, which is unconstitutional under the Fourth Amendment and a blatant violation of Americans’ civil liberties.’’ 
Like Rep. S
ENSENBRENNER , I have also con-
sistently said that Section 702 opened the door to some of the most troublesome surveil-lance practices that have come to light in re-cent years. Last year, I strongly supported the effort to fix those aspects of Section 702. Un-fortunately, as I indicated last year, last minute changes stripped out provisions that would have ‘‘prevented the NSA from being able to search government databases for foreign com-munications content of American citizens with-out a warrant.’’ When those important provi-sions were removed, Chairman G
OODLATTE  
and Rep. S ENSENBRENNER pledged that we 
would address these reforms without delay. 
Unfortunately, here we are a year later and 
Chairman G OODLATTE and Rep. S ENSEN -
BRENNER still have not allowed for a full debate 
and vote on this issue. Despite the Chairman’s supposed support to end Section 702, when Congresswoman L
OFGREN offered an amend-
ment during markup of the USA Freedom Act to prohibit these warrantless backdoor searches, Chairman G
OODLATTE said, ‘‘this is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.030 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E727 May 15, 2015 
a poison pill amendment . . ., there is a time 
and a place for everything.’’ When this bill came before the Rules Committee, Rep. L
OF-
GREN was not even allowed to offer her 
amendment. 
The refusal to include reforms to Section 
702 is even more disappointing given that there are many important provisions in this bill that provide additional safeguards to protect the privacy and civil liberties of Americans. Specifically, this bill puts significant constraints on the government’s ability to collect data under Section 215. No longer will the NSA be able to collect the phone records of millions of Americans who have no connection to crime or terrorism. Instead, every request made by the NSA for specific call records must be re-viewed on a case-by-case basis by the FISA court. 
This legislation also carefully constructs the 
definition of the ‘‘specific selection terms’’ the government can use to access call records. H.R. 2048 requires the ‘‘specific selection term’’ to be an ‘‘individual, account, or per-sonal device.’’ As a result, no longer will the NSA be able to collect phone records in bulk using terms like ‘‘People in Maryland’’ and ‘‘Area Code 301.’’ 
Despite these improvements to Section 215, 
I remain disappointed that the bill does not es-tablish a Citizens Advocate to represent citi-zens’ privacy interests at the secret FISA Court proceedings. In 2013, Representative J
IMJORDAN and I introduced bipartisan legisla-
tion to create such a position. The initial draft of last year’s USA Freedom Act included this provision, but this language has since been weakened and only provides for a panel of ad-visors to be employed at the discretion of the FISC. 
Last month’s decision by the Second Circuit 
in ACLU v. Clapper, makes clear that Section 215 is illegal and that a clean re-authorization would be a clear violation of the law. So while I appreciate the reforms made in this bill to Section 215, these reforms are modest given the Court’s recent decision. On the other hand, Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act does not sunset until the end of 2017 and there is no clear indication that we will be vot-ing to curtail this program anytime in the near future. I believe that today’s legislation could be our last real opportunity to address this. It is my hope that the companion legislation in the Senate includes these provisions and that I will be able to support a final compromise bill later this year. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ELIZABETH 
‘‘BETTY’’ M. PERRY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize my friend and a true leader of our nation’s seniors, Ms. Elizabeth ‘‘Betty’’ Perry, who recently passed away. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in recognizing her for her work on behalf of all Americans. 
A Sacramento native, Betty returned home 
to become a teacher after graduating from UC Berkeley. She first taught at Kit Carson Junior High School, and then became a teacher and counselor at C. K. McClatchy High School, where she influenced many students. One of 
these students was my husband, the late Con-gressman Robert Matsui. Bob adored Betty and remained close to her when he served on the Sacramento City Council and in Congress. After her teaching career came to a close, Betty emerged a true expert and leader on senior issues, where she and Bob worked closely to ensure Medicare and Social Secu-rity were preserved for future generations. Betty was especially known for her work with the Older Women’s League (OWL), an organi-zation whose mission is to improve the status and quality of life for midlife and older women. Within OWL, she served in many positions, in-cluding President of its Sacramento and Cali-fornia chapters, Coordinator of Education & Research, and Director of Public Policy. She also served as President of Health Access California. Betty was an unwavering advocate for improved access to quality health care, in-cluding universal coverage and improved in- home care, as well as fair housing laws and preserving each American’s civil rights. 
Betty married Calvin Perry in 1977, gaining 
three step-children and six step-grandchildren in the process. In addition to her thoughtful advocacy, she was known as an incredibly caring woman and accomplished athlete. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in paying honor to Elizabeth ‘‘Betty’’ M. Perry for her extraordinary service and advo-cacy to those of us in Sacramento and across the nation. Her life and legacy is an inspiration to us all. I ask that we take a moment and ex-tend our utmost respect and condolences to her family. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, today I commend 
the House of Representatives for passing H.R. 1191, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. It is critical that Congress has a prop-er role in reviewing any final deal that may be reached regarding Iran’s nuclear program. Congress must continue to play a role to en-sure Iran does not acquire a nuclear weapon. 
I have been outspoken in expressing my 
skepticism at the current negotiations with Iran and remain skeptical after the release of the recent framework. I have many questions that have yet to be answered and am deeply con-cerned by Iran’s statements after the frame-work was released. 
I have been and will continue to be defiant 
in demanding Congressional review of any 
final deal and am pleased the Senate passed this legislation last week and the House passed it today. 
No deal is better than a bad deal, and this 
legislation allows for sufficient Congressional oversight while ensuring that we have an op-portunity to review the details of any final deal should one be reached. HONORING MARY FORTUNE 
WILLIAMS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a self-motivated lead-er and innovator of the community, Ms. Mary Fortune Williams, MBA, works as an Account-ant for the State of Mississippi. She earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing from Jackson State University and her Master of Business Administration degree from Mis-sissippi College. She also earned a Certificate of Accounting from Mississippi College. 
Ms. Williams is a single parent of one 
daughter. After becoming divorced, when her daughter was a toddler, she was determined that her child would not become another nega-tive statistic attributed to single parent house-holds. She strives to instill in her daughter one of the greatest fundamentals of life: Never let negative circumstances define who you are or what you can become. 
Ms. Williams is actively involved in her 
daughter’s educational and character develop-ment. She works diligently in her church and her community. She is part of the Youth Lead-ership Team at Greater Fairview Missionary Baptist Church, serves as an Assistant Leader of Girl Scout Troop 5576, serves on the PTSA Board of Murrah High School, and serves on the planning committee for the American Can-cer Society’s Relay for Life of Jackson, Mis-sissippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Ms. Mary F. Williams for giving back to the community in which she was born and reared. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SHERIFF JERRY M. 
MODENA, SR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an out-standing public servant and courageous leader of the Macon, Georgia community, Sheriff Jerry M. Modena, Sr. Sadly, Sheriff Modena passed away on Wednesday, May 13, 2015. Funeral services to celebrate his life will be held on Monday, May 18, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. at Mabel White Memorial Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia. 
Sheriff Jerry Modena was widely known in 
his community as a compassionate leader committed to fighting crime and making Bibb County a safer place to live. Throughout his entire career with the Sheriff’s office, Sheriff Modena gave one hundred percent of his heart to his line of duty. 
Prior to joining the Bibb County Sheriff’s Of-
fice, Sheriff Modena served our country honor-ably as a paratrooper in the United States Army. In 1964, at the age of 23, he joined the Sheriff’s office and remained there for over forty years. In 2001, he was elected Bibb County Sheriff and remained Sheriff for three terms before stepping down in 2012. Even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.034 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E728 May 15, 2015 
after leaving the Sheriff’s Office, he remained 
heavily involved and concerned for the wellbeing of the community. 
From the beginning of his career, Sheriff 
Modena was determinedly committed to the safety and welfare of those he was charged to protect. Described as firm but fair, he not only had a positive impact on each individual he encountered, but he also had a tremendous and everlasting impact upon his community. He is celebrated for creating substations around Bibb County and for championing the cause of the mentally ill in the Bibb County Jail, reserving 200 beds for those with mental health issues in his newly expanded 966-per-son lockup that opened in 2007. 
Perhaps one of Sheriff Modena’s greatest 
accomplishments is his invaluable leadership in overseeing the merge of the Sheriff’s Office and the Macon Police Department. He was also regarded as a mentor and guide to many in the Sheriff’s Office. He taught others the im-portance of transparency in law enforcement, the need to be accessible to the community, and the importance of engaging with the peo-ple one serves. 
George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘No 
individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind him distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ Sheriff Modena’s impres-sion on this earth extends beyond himself to the very wellbeing of the Macon community, and for it he will be remembered by the com-munity for time to come. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 730,000 people in Geor-gia’s Second Congressional District, salute Sheriff Jerry M. Modena, Sr. for an out-standing career in law enforcement, his signifi-cant contributions to Bibb County, and his life-long dedication to serving his community. I ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join us in extending our deepest sym-pathies to Sheriff Modena’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. INTRODUCTION OF FIBROID 
RESEARCH RESOLUTION 
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, during Na-
tional Women’s Health Week, I rise as the original cosponsor of a resolution recognizing the need for greater uterine fibroid research and the minority disparity rates of African- American and Hispanic uterine fibroid patients. I thank Congressman S
COTT for joining me to 
introduce this important resolution. 
Uterine fibroids are the most prevalent med-
ical condition affecting women, with an esti-mated 80 percent of women developing an uterine fibroid by age 50. Actual incidence of fibroid tumors is estimated to be 3 times high-er in African-American women and 2 times higher in Hispanic women compared to Cau-casian women. 
Further, uterine fibroids are estimated to 
cost the United States up to $34.4 billion an-nually, with an estimated annual lost work cost of up to $17.2 billion through absenteeism and short term disability in women age 25 to 54. 
Those numbers are why I urge my col-
leagues to join Congressman S
COTT and me 
in seeking more research funding for the mil-lions of women affected by fibroids. 
f 
HONORING CLARK-WILLIAMS 
FUNERAL HOME 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, May 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Clark-Williams Funeral Home, Inc. of Grenada, Mississippi. 
Clark Funeral Home was founded in 1946 
by James and Paralee Clark. The business was located at 602 Cherry Street in Grenada, MS. As founder, Mr. Clark worked diligently and 
tirelessly to build a successful business until his death in 1958. Mrs. Clark continued to op-erate the business in the same manner until her death in 2001. 
In February 2004, the business was sold to 
Clinton and Geraldine Williams. The new own-ers made many new changes to the funeral home, including its name—now Clark-Williams Funeral Home, Inc. Other changes included remodeling of the existing building—adding chapel space, updating the prep room, and additional garage space. The insurance debits were computerized and a full line of life insur-ance was added to give customers more op-tions when planning ahead. 
Geraldine died in July, 2008. Clinton contin-
ued to operate the business as sole owner. 
In March 2009, Clinton married Shawan 
Cunningham and together they saw a need for even more changes to the business. In 2010 more land was purchased between Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard and the funeral home to add a parking lot for the customers. And to meet the needs of their customers even more so, Clinton and Shawan made the business decision to offer monuments as products for purchase. A monument display was added as part of the new parking space. 
Two students have completed their intern-
ships at Clark-Williams Funeral Home. Both became employees as licensed funeral direc-tors and embalmers. 
Today, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Williams con-
tinue to own and successfully operate the business from its original location at 602 Cher-
ry Street in Grenada. Offering consoling serv-ice, quality merchandise, economical prices, pre-needs, and life insurance. Clark-Williams Funeral Home Inc. serves Grenada County as well as surrounding counties. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Clark-Williams Funeral Home for its dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.038 E15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D550 Friday, May 15, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 2 p.m., on Monday, May 18, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 43 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2347–2389; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 265–269 were introduced.
                 Pages H3251–52 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H3254 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1987, to authorize appropriations for the 
Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–115); 
H.R. 1335, to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-
ery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fish-ermen, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–116); and 
H.R. 1557, to amend the Notification and Federal 
Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–117).
                                                 Pages H3250–51 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.             Pages H3217, H3234 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2016: The House passed H.R. 1735, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, and to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year by a recorded vote of 269 ayes to 151 noes, Roll No. 239. Consid-eration began May 13th.
                           Pages H3219–3236 Rejected the Gallego motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Armed Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 234 noes, Roll No. 238.
                          Pages H3234–35 
Pursuant to the Rule, in lieu of the amendment 
in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill, the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–14 shall be considered as read.
                Page H3233 
Agreed to: 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 6 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Hill (No. 90) that requires the U.S. Air Force to conduct a business case analysis on the deci-sion to maintain 10 C–130J aircraft at Keesler AFB. Such analysis shall include consideration of: 1. Any efficiencies or cost savings that would be achieved by transferring the C–130J aircraft to Little Rock Air 
Force base. 2. Effects on the operation of Air Mobil-ity Command. 3. Short term and long term costs of maintaining the aircraft at Keesler AFB Report should be completed and provided to Congress with-in 60 days of enactment of the bill; Meehan (No. 91) that expresses a sense of Congress about the im-portance of strong communications systems for the National Guard in the event of a cyber or terrorist attack; Walberg (No. 96) that requires SIGAR to certify they have access to records of the Afghanistan government for the purpose of auditing as a condi-tion for disbursement of funds to Afghanistan; Poe (TX) (No. 99) that adds an assessment of U.S. efforts to stop foreign fighters as a matter to be included 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY5.REC D15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D551 May 15, 2015 
in the comprehensive strategy to counter Islamic ex-
tremism; Lamborn (No. 101) that adds a limitation on military-to-military exchanges and contacts with Iran; Walorski (No. 102) that provides transparency and congressional oversight to our deterrence of Iran and force posture in the Middle East; Ellison (No. 103) that states that nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize the use of military force against Iran; Rogers (AL) (No. 104) that expresses a sense of the Congress concerning missile defense co-operation with Japan, and, it would require an up-date from DOD not later than 30 days after the date of enactment on sale of Aegis Ashore capability to allies, including Japan; Walker (No. 105) that re-quires that the Secretary of Defense invite military forces of Taiwan to participate in any maritime exer-cise (RIMPAC) if the Secretary has invited the mili-tary forces of People’s Republic of China to partici-pate in such exercise; Kelly (No. 106) that prohibits funds from being used to implement the UN Arms Trade Treaty unless the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty and implementing leg-islation for the Treaty has been enacted into law; Cicilline (No. 112) that requires the Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense to submit a report within 90 days describing the military capabilities of the Republic of Cyprus; Crowley (No. 113) that sup-ports ongoing defense cooperation between the United States and India; Dingell (No. 114) that ex-presses the Sense of Congress that the President should exercise his authorities to evacuate U.S. citi-zens and nationals from Yemen during the ongoing conflict; Engel (No. 115) that requires a report to Congress on the impact of any significant reduction in U.S. troop levels or material in Europe on NATO’s core mission of collective defense before any such reduction takes place; Vela (No. 116) that re-quires a report on violence and cartel activity in Mexico and the impact on U.S. National Security; Kilmer (No. 117) that requires Congressional notifi-cation prior to initiating a furlough and prohibits the transfer of work that would have been conducted by those furloughed to other DOD employees, con-tractors, or members of the Armed Forces; Nolan (No. 118) that prohibits funding from the Syria and Iraq Train and Equip programs to recipients that the Secretary of Defense has reported as having pre-viously misused provided training and equipment; 
                                                                                    Pages H3219–21 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 7 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Lamborn (No. 107) that adds a require-ment for a report on Qatar’s efforts to combat ter-rorism; Lamborn (No. 108) that expresses a Sense of Congress in support of Jordan; Royce (No. 109) that expresses the sense of Congress that combating Boko Haram is in the national security interest of the 
United States and that the United States should sup-port regional allies in their operations against Boko Haram; requires a report that details the security as-sistance required and received by regional partners to combat Boko Haram; Schweikert (No. 110) that ex-presses the sense of Congress that it is a national se-curity priority of the United States to support and cooperate with the Republic of Tunisia by providing assistance to combat the growing terrorist threat from ISIS and other terrorist organizations; Turner (No. 111) that expresses a Sense of Congress on the future of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
(NATO) and encourages the United States to work with current and aspiring NATO partners to address security threats facing the alliance; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 119) that expresses a sense of Congress that the Secretary submit a plan to Con-gress on how the Department plans to implement the recommendations of the nuclear enterprise re-views; Quigley (No. 120) that requires the Depart-ment of Defense to submit a report to Congress jus-tifying the departments plans to increase the number of new nuclear-armed cruise missiles, known as the Long Range Standoff Weapon, to the U.S. arsenal; Rogers (AL) (No. 121) that makes a series of tech-nical corrections to sections 1669 and 1670 con-cerning US Israeli missile defense cooperation; Castor (FL) (No. 125) that expresses a sense of Congress that the Department of Defense should take into consideration, when prioritizing base housing projects, commuting times for base personnel and land available for development on the base; Loebsack (No. 126) that states that this section would modify section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, to pro-vide the authorities to lease real or personal property contained in such section to the commander of mili-tary manufacturing arsenals or, if part of a larger military installation, the installation commander for the purposes of leveraging private investment at military manufacturing arsenals through long-term facility use contracts, property management con-tracts, leases, or other such agreements; this section does not supersede authorities in section 4544 of title 10, United States Code, and is designed to give the commander of military manufacturing arsenals or, if part of a larger military installation, the instal-lation commander, greater flexibility to utilize un-used administrative and warehouse space at military installations; Scalise (No. 127) that authorizes the Secretary of the Army to release the existing terms and conditions on a parcel of property at Camp Villere, Louisiana, enabling the Louisiana Army Na-tional Guard to transfer the land to the State of Lou-isiana in exchange for another parcel of land that has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY5.REC D15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D552 May 15, 2015 
been identified, provided that the State carries out 
the necessary actions required;                     Pages H3223–25 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 8 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Foster (No. 122) that requires the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to submit to Congress a cost analysis of a space-based ballistic intercept and defeat layer; Turner (No. 123) that requires the Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency to notify con-gressional defense committees of the preferred loca-tion in the United States for the future deployment of an interceptor capable of protecting the homeland; Quigley (No. 124) that requires the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report to Congress comparing the costs associated with extending the life of the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile with the costs associated with procuring a new ground based strategic deterrent; Young (AK) (No. 128) that directs the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a land conveyance of approximately 1,290 acres of public land, withdrawn by the Secretary of the Inte-rior under Public Land Order 843 for use by the Secretary of the Air Force, to the Town of Galena, Alaska; Loretta Sanchez (CA) (No. 129) that modi-fies 50 U.S.C. 2537 to add that existing nuclear weapon system shall be considered undergoing life extension if the total cost of the associated activities, including activities considered alterations, will ex-ceed $1,000,000,000; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 130) that creates a pilot program in which the Department establishes a microlab that is accessible to the public; Hunter (No. 131) that provides a one year increase in maritime security program funding; Sessions (No. 132) that authorizes the Administrator of the Maritime Administration to: (1) accept a gift of money from the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. in order to renovate Melville Hall on the campus of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, and (2) provides the op-tion to enter into a contract with the Foundation for the Hall’s operation. Provides that all excess proceeds will be used solely for the morale and welfare of the cadets; Carter (TX) (No. 133) that requires DOD to establish a process by which the commander of a military installation may authorize a service member to carry a concealed personal firearm on the installa-tion if the commander determines it to be necessary as a personal or force-protection measure; LoBiondo (No. 134) that expresses a sense of Congress that while recruitment and advertising in support of the National Guard and the military is appropriate, the taxpayer shouldn’t have to pay for any organization to honor the service of members of the Armed Forces and (2) it should not be the goal of those that re-ceive DoD advertising funds to use those funds to pay organizations to honor the service of members of the Armed Forces; instead, it should be the patriot-
ism of these organizations to do so of their own free will in support of our brave servicemen and women. (3) Any funds that would be saved from this Sense of Congress should be redirected towards post-trau-matic stress disorder research and treatment for servicemembers; Nunes (No. 135) that clarifies that any realignment of forces at Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, shall be based on United States operational requirements;
                                                       Pages H3226–28 
Rohrabacher amendment (No. 23 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–112) that was debated on May 14 that seeks to acknowledge Dr. Afridi’s instrumental role in identifying the hiding place of Osama bin Laden and further state that it is the Sense of Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi is an international hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him im-mediately from prison (by a recorded vote of 413 ayes to 1 noe with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll 
No. 233);
                                                                       Page H3230 
Lamborn amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that was debated on May 14 that seeks to limit funding for implementing the New START treaty (by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 234);
                                                    Pages H3230–31 
Lucas amendment (No. 38 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that was debated on May 14 that seeks to reverse and prohibit the further listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken as a threatened or endangered species until 2021, thereby allowing the states to implement their voluntary Range-Wide Conservation Plan for the Lesser Prairie Chicken’s habitat; delists the American Burying Beetle as a threatened or endan-gered species under the Endangered Species Act (by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 190 noes, Roll No. 236);
                                                                                 Page H3232 
Rejected: 
Blumenauer amendment (No. 32 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–112) that was debated on May 14 that sought to require funding for the Navy’s new Ohio- class replacement submarines to come from their tra-ditional Navy accounts, instead of the Sea-Based De-terrent Fund; transfer funds from the Sea-Based De-terrent Fund back into their historic Navy budget lines (by a recorded vote of 43 ayes to 375 noes, Roll No. 235); and
                                           Pages H3231–32 
Nadler amendment (No. 41 printed in H. Rept. 
114–112) that was debated on May 14 that sought to strike section 3121, which places limits on fund-ing for dismantlement of nuclear weapons (by a re-corded vote of 178 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 237). 
                                                                                    Pages H3232–33 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H3236 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY5.REC D15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D553 May 15, 2015 
H. Res. 260, the rule providing for further con-
sideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) was agreed to yes-terday, May 14th. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, May 18th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H3236 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Representatives Franks (AZ), Pittenger, and Hultgren.
                                       Page H3236 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Eu-rope—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Representatives Ader-holt, Pitts, Hultgren, and Burgess.
                  Page H3236 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Seven recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3230, H3230–31, H3231–32, H3232, H3232–33, H3234–35, and H3235. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:20 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
UPDATE ON THE CURRENT STATE OF 
NUCLEAR WASTE MANAGEMENT POLICY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Update on the Current State of Nuclear Waste Management Policy’’. Testimony was heard from An-drew Fitz, Senior Counsel, Office of the Attorney General, State of Washington; Josephine Piccone, Director, Yucca Mountain Directorate, Nuclear Reg-ulatory Commission; and public witnesses. 
FCC REAUTHORIZATION: IMPROVING 
COMMISSION TRANSPARENCY PART II 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Improving Commission Transparency Part II’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE ANTITRUST 
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Antitrust En-
forcement Agencies’’. Testimony was heard from William J. Baer, Assistant Attorney General, Anti-trust Division, Department of Justice; and Edith Ra-mirez, Chairwoman, Federal Trade Commission. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES; OVERCOMING 
BARRIERS TO MORE EFFICIENT AND EFFECTIVE VA STAFFING 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on 
Health held a markup on H.R. 271, the ‘‘COVER Act’’; H.R. 627, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the definition of homeless veteran for purposes of benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make perma-nent the pilot program on counseling in retreat set-tings for women veterans newly separated from serv-ice in the Armed Forces; H.R. 1769, the ‘‘Toxic Ex-posure Research Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2256, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual re-port on the Veterans Health Administration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Veterans Affairs; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Overcoming Barriers to More Efficient and Effective VA Staffing’’. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment: H.R. 271, H.R. 627, H.R. 1575, H.R. 1769, and H.R. 2256. Testimony was heard from Thomas Lynch, M.D., Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Clinical Operations, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
MAY 18, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2250, the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropria-tions Act, 2016’’; and H.R. 2353, the ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY5.REC D15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD554 May 15, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, May 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 3 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to Brown Amend-ment No. 1242 (to Amendment No. 1221) to the bill and Hatch (for Lankford) Amendment No. 1237 (to Amendment No. 1221) to the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, May 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E724, E727 
Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E722 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E724 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E718, E723, E728 Farr, Sam, Calif., E717 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E720 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E722 Heck, Joseph J., Nev., E719 Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E717 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E717 
Israel, Steve, N.Y., E727 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E721 Keating, William R., Mass., E720 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E722 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E727 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E723 Poe, Ted, Tex., E718 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E718, E726 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E721 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E723 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E717 
Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E725 Smith, Adam, Wash., E725 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E718, E719, E721, E723, 
E725, E726, E727, E728 
Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E720 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E718, E719, E721, E726 Whitfield, Ed, Ky., E726 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E719 Young, Todd C., Ind., E725 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15MY5.REC D15MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST