Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2359 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2015 No. 59 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
April 22, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D OUGCOL-
LINS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF SCOTTY PROBASCO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, 
Chattanooga, Tennessee, the great State of Tennessee, and our Nation lost a wonderful man last Friday. 
Scotty Probasco, my dear friend, 
passed away suddenly. All of this week, we have had memorials, tributes, eulo-gies—all justly deserved for this great man. I was wondering what I was going to say today as I put together these notes, but I want all of America to know about this special man and my 
dear friend. 
Scotty Probasco was born on Novem-
ber 26, 1928. He attended the Bright School in Chattanooga. He attended the Baylor School in Chattanooga, Dartmouth College, and then the Whar-ton School at Penn. He was a gifted man, a very bright man, a great busi-nessman, but he was a giver. 
As I was thinking this week as to 
what I was going to say about Scotty, it was what did Scotty mean to me and what did Scotty mean to our commu-nity and to our Nation. 
Scotty was something else. He would 
walk into a room, and he would smile. I think of Scotty Probasco’s smile. Al-ways an optimist. In our profession, sometimes you have good days and bad days. Whenever I would run into Scot-ty, he would smile and always encour-age me, but he didn’t just do that with me; he did that with everyone. 
As most of you all know, I proclaim 
Chattanooga is the greatest midsized city in America, sometimes as the greatest midsized city in the world. It is because of people like Scotty Probasco that we got there. Scotty was truly outstanding. He gave and he gave and he gave. As a community leader, whether it was the United Way or any other charity, he was always there. As a man of Christ, he was there for the First Presbyterian Church. 
He is survived by his loving wife, 
Betty; by their four children, Scott, Zane, Ellen, and Ben; and by 12 wonder-ful grandchildren. 
As I think of what our Nation needs 
today more than ever it is more Scotty Probascos—folks who will always ac-centuate the positive, who are always looking for the good in people, and who are always encouraging us to do our best. 
There is always a loss when we lose a 
friend, and there was a great loss when Chattanooga lost Scotty Probasco last week, and we all feel that. We feel that dearly. I feel that dearly. Yet, when I 
think of the generations to come and of the generosity, of the philanthropy, and of the kindness of Scotty Probasco and what that means to us as a people, this will be his legacy. 
I am going to say something to him 
and to his great family today: Scotty Probasco, thank you, dear friend. Thank you for a job well done, and God bless you. 
f 
MIGRANTS ARE HUMAN BEINGS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, this 
past weekend, we witnessed the most gruesome example of a story that is be-coming ever more common. Hundreds of migrants are missing and feared dead—700 or more—because the smug-gling boat they were packed onto cap-sized in the Mediterranean Ocean off the coast of Libya. It was on the front page of every paper around the world. An estimated 3,500 people died in 2014 while making the journey from North Africa to the southern coast of Europe. 
Right now, along our southern bor-
der, illegal immigration is at histori-cally low levels, but we, too, have a border that is known for smuggling, tragic losses of life, and smugglers no less brazen and no less indifferent to the lives of their human cargo than those off the Libyan coast. 
With few legal options and with great 
opportunity for work and freedom on the other side, migrants throughout the world are risking their lives in the hopes of surviving the journey to live a better life. 
During the peak of illegal immigra-
tion to this country a decade or so ago, one person died every single day, on av-erage, when trying to come to the U.S. They died of dehydration in the desert or died in trucks or in boxcars in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.000 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2360 April 22, 2015 
botched smuggling operations or per-
ished as stowaways, and those are the ones we know about. 
Now we hear about ‘‘La Bestia,’’ or 
‘‘The Beast,’’ which is the train car-
rying migrants from southern Mexico to the border of our country. Think about hundreds of people, most of them children and teenagers, clinging to the outside of a moving train while they are preyed upon by smugglers, sexual predators, and every kind of deviant. 
The migrants who are fleeing vio-
lence and poverty and gang- and drug lord-infested communities in Central America, like those fleeing African and Asian countries, are willing to literally risk life and limb for the slim chance of a better life on this side. 
Europe is responding to the migrant 
crisis by committing to more rescue operations. The rightwing, anti-immi-gration parties across Europe see the crisis as validation for their call to build a big wall around ‘‘fortress Eu-rope.’’ There are a few people here in this Congress, in this building, who want to build a wall just like theirs. 
Most people in Europe understand 
that building civil society and stable economies in the Southern Hemisphere is the best way to entice people to stay home. Foreign aid and international economic development are not dirty words in Europe the way they are here. 
In the U.S., the policies set in Wash-
ington directly relate to the instability of neighboring countries in Central America, the Caribbean, and Latin America. Trade policies initiated here in this country have had devastating consequences in rural areas across our hemisphere, driving people from the land and driving people into drug cul-tivation. It is our insatiable appetite here in the United States for illegal drugs, funded with our dollar bills and enforced with U.S. guns, that creates and maintains a lot of the instability and chaos that drives people from their homes to America. Yet almost every budget that is considered in this Con-gress cuts mental health and drug counseling, addiction treatment and prevention, and does little to address our role in fueling instability. 
With specific regard to immigration 
and asylum, in this Congress, we are debating laws to make it harder for children to apply for asylum and laws to make it easier to deport children or to put families into lengthy and expen-sive detention. 
To add insult to injury, the Judiciary 
Committee just approved a measure to allow those who want to homeschool their children but who are prevented from doing so by their own government to be considered as a special class of oppressed victims to be considered eli-gible to apply for political asylum in the U.S. For the people from Germany and Sweden who want to homeschool their children, that is the kind of op-pression that Congress responds to— people from Central America whose governments are unwilling or unable to protect children from murder and sex-ual assault, not so much. The reality is that we need to do 
more to engage and strengthen our neighbors; we need to do much more to make sure that the actions, trade, and consumption of our people are helping, not hurting; and we need to do much more to make sure that we have secure borders by also remembering to put doors on those borders so that people can come with visas in a controlled way and not risking their lives with smugglers. 
First and foremost, we must remem-
ber the message that Pope Francis re-minded us of when he said of those who drowned in the ocean: ‘‘They are men and women like us, our brothers seek-ing a better life, starving, persecuted, wounded, exploited, victims of war. They were looking for a better life.’’ 
Let us not forget that migrants are 
human beings. 
f 
HONORING FORMER BRAZOS 
COUNTY JUDGE RANDY SIMS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor former Brazos County Judge Randy Sims, who passed away on April 2 of this year. 
Judge Sims served the Brazos Valley 
community for decades. He served as the Brazos County commissioner of precinct 3 from 1972 to 1976 and again from 1989 to 2001. He also served on the Bryan City Council from 1987 to 1988. Lastly, he served as the Brazos County judge from 2003 to 2010. 
Arthur Randolph Sims was born in 
Houston on July 31, 1939. He graduated from Stephen F. Austin High School. During his high school days, he was quite an athlete, playing both baseball and football. He passed up a chance to play professional baseball to get a col-lege education. Legendary coach Bear Bryant recruited Randy to play foot-ball for Texas A&M University. Not only was Randy a top running back for Texas A&M, but he also held a long-standing record in the Southwest Con-ference for kicking a 52-yard field goal. 
Following graduation from A&M, 
Randy remained in Brazos Valley. In May of 1960, he married Brenda Bryan. 
They were married for nearly 55 years. Randy and Brenda have one son and one daughter, and they are blessed with nine grandchildren. 
In the mid-1960s, Randy opened a res-
taurant called Randy Sims Barbecue, which operated for 27 years. Randy was a great cook, and his restaurant car-ried recipes from Brenda’s dad and from Brenda’s brother, Red Bryan and Sonny Bryan. 
Randy was a loving father, and he 
cherished his family time. He quickly learned how to balance his career in order to spend quality time with his family. Last year, the Bryan-College Station Chamber of Commerce named Randy and Brenda as its Citizens of the Year. This award was bestowed on them for their long and dedicated serv-ice to our community. As an active community leader, 
Randy Sims served tirelessly on var-ious boards and organizations, includ-ing on the State of Texas Regional Re-view Committee, the Presidential Li-brary Committee, the Bryan-College Station Economic Development Cor-poration, the Bear Bryant Scholarship Foundation, the Brazos Valley Fellow-ship of Christian Athletes, the Solid Waste Advisory Board, the Brazos Beautiful Initiative, the Brazos Valley Museum of Natural History, the Grace Bible Church Deacon Board, and the Brazos County 911 Board. 
His service to the Brazos Valley also 
included serving as a Bryan ISD host volunteer, as vice president of the Bryan-College Station Chamber of Commerce, as chair of the Brazos County Health Board District, and as the chair of the Brazos County Juve-nile Board. 
Mr. Speaker, Randy Sims was a great 
leader, a dedicated public servant, and an outstanding family man. His selfless devotion to our community will be greatly missed. He will long be remem-bered as a great public servant to our community and as a loving husband, father, grandfather, and friend to his family and friends. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
sympathy and our heartfelt condo-lences to Brenda Sims and to her fam-ily. We also lift up Randy Sims’ family and friends in our prayers. 
As I close, Mr. Speaker, I ask that all 
Americans continue to pray for our country during these difficult times, for the men and women in uniform, who protect it from external threats, and for our first responders, who pro-tect us from threats here at home. 
f 
NATIONAL PUBLIC SAFETY 
TELECOMMUNICATORS WEEK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize National Public Safety Tele-communicators Week. 
After working 18 years as a 911 dis-
patcher, I know firsthand the chal-lenges our public safety dispatchers face, the stress that they are put 
under, and the critical importance of their work. This is why, last week, I was proud to introduce a resolution commemorating National Public Safe-ty Telecommunicators Week. 
I remember working the graveyard 
shift four floors below ground and tak-ing calls from people from all walks of life, often during their most vulnerable moments. 911 dispatchers hear it all. They are the first point of contact for public safety, and no matter the crisis, losing control is simply not an option. 
National Public Safety Telecommu-
nicators Week also provides us with the opportunity to remind our con-stituents of the importance of keeping emergency lines open for just that— emergencies. 911 isn’t an information line, and local governments have lim-ited resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.003 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2361 April 22, 2015 
b1015 
They can’t afford to have 911 lines 
tied up with non-life-threatening emer-gencies. Simply put, there is no excuse for 911 abuse. 
I encourage people to familiarize 
themselves with their local police and fire departments’ nonemergency phone numbers, have them readily available or refer to 311 or their local info line where available. Keeping 911 lines clear is crucial to ensuring dispatchers are readily available during an emergency. 
Every day public safety dispatchers 
help save lives. They provide comfort and reassurance, and they are an inte-gral part of our law enforcement teams. Yet, too often, their work goes unrecognized. 
When you need a calming voice to 
guide you through a crisis, when law enforcement, fire safety, and rescue personnel are in need of seamless co-ordination at a moment’s notice, when every second counts, 911 dispatchers are on the other end of the line. They are the unsung heroes of the first re-sponder community. 
This National Public Safety Tele-
communicators Week, let’s recognize and honor the hundreds of thousands of public safety telecommunicators work-ing round the clock to keep our com-munities safe. 
f 
NATIONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY 
MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to recognize April as National Fi-nancial Literacy Month and highlight the key role that the American Insti-tute of Certified Public Accountants, or the AICPA, and State CPA societies and CPAs across the country play in educating all Americans about their personal finances. 
National Financial Literacy Month is 
a yearly reminder of the importance of working to improve Americans’ under-standing of their personal finances. For over 10 years, the AICPA, its members, and State CPA societies have been the leaders in the financial literacy cam-paign by providing free programs, tools, and resources for all consumers. Thousands of CPAs across 55 States and jurisdictions are volunteering their time to educate consumers to under-stand their personal finances and their financial goals. 
The AICPA, along with the State 
CPA societies and like-minded finan-cial educational institutions, plays an essential role in educating all Ameri-cans so that they will have the knowl-edge to make decisions for a lifetime of financial well-being. By focusing on fi-nancial education as a lifelong endeav-or, CPAs are encouraging children to learn about the value of money and teaching adults the importance of sav-ing for a secure retirement. 
Mr. Speaker, we have thousands of 
college students who are unfamiliar with the impact their student loan 
debt will have on their early career. A financially literate college student will understand those implications and ramifications and would be better served and be better suited or be better able to make better decisions with re-spect to whether or not to take on that debt as they pursue their college edu-cation. 
All Americans, from high school stu-
dents to older adults, need the tools and resources to make educated deci-sions about their personal finances. Through the AICPA’s flagship 360 De-grees of Financial Literacy program, CPAs across the country are volun-teering to help all Americans under-stand their personal finances through every stage of life. The program com-bines grassroots advocacy with free public resources and tools for CPAs to educate Americans of all ages. 
There is an urgent need to improve 
the financial literacy of all Americans. A recent survey showed that 47 percent of American households are not saving any of their current income for retire-ment. This means almost half of all Americans are living paycheck to pay-check and without any savings plan for financial hardships or retirement. Pro-viding all Americans with the informa-tion necessary to make educated deci-sions will help households understand the value of savings for retirement and lead to a lifetime of financial well- being. 
Again, I would like to congratulate 
the AICPA and State societies for this effort in helping Americans become more financially literate. 
f 
PHMSA IS ACTUALLY A 
TOOTHLESS KITTEN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, last week 
before the Transportation and Infra-structure’s committee on pipeline safe-ty, I called the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, known as PHMSA, ‘‘a toothless tiger that has overdosed on quaaludes and is passed out on the job.’’ 
Today I stand before you to say I was 
wrong. I was wrong to call PHMSA a toothless tiger. PHMSA is actually a toothless kitten, a fluffy industry pet that frightens absolutely no one. This has been proven beyond a shadow of a doubt by yesterday’s excellent Politico investigation of PHMSA’s ineffectual ‘‘can’t do’’ attitude, written by Elana Schor and Andrew Restuccia. Allow me to highlight some of the shocking in-competence brought to light by this ar-ticle. 
All rules made by PHMSA undergo 
peer review by two advisory commit-tees: one on oil and one on gas. In the-ory, the committee is made up of five members each from industry, govern-ment, and public. Sounds good, right? Well, that might be true except the committee’s current rosters are miss-ing seven members on the government 
and public sides. This means the indus-try is calling the shots and voting for their own initiatives. On these commit-tees there is almost no formal resist-ance to doing the industry’s bidding. 
That is what Deborah Hersman, 
former head of the National Transpor-tation Safety Board, meant when she said: ‘‘For the regulator to delegate too much authority to the regulated to as-sess their own system risks and correct them is tantamount to the fox guard-ing the henhouse.’’ 
As we have seen in my district and in 
so many others, the fox has very little incentive to prevent oil or gas from spoiling the henhouse or to prevent the hens from blowing up. Of course, every-one is very sorry about the fact, but the will to prevent these accidents in the first place is simply not there. That is what happened in Mayflower, Arkansas, in 2013 when PHMSA let ExxonMobil operate an oil pipeline that was known to be faulty for 7 years, and then it blew up. 
Nowhere is this more obvious than 
PHMSA’s pitiful fines. Fines are sup-posed to be a deterrent, and yet the fines that PHMSA levies are so pa-thetic compared to the cost of pipeline leaks and explosions that they can’t even be seen on this graph. Here you see that over the last 12 years PHMSA has issued just $44.2 million in fines for incidents that cost over $5 billion. Look at these tiny red lines. You can’t even see them. You can see these other graph points that show how much dam-age was actually done, but the fines are next to nothing. 
Take the Mayflower, Arkansas, ex-
ample where dumping 200,000 gallons of heavy crude into a neighborhood cost ExxonMobil $2.7 million, or 0.008 per-cent of that year’s profits. To industry, this measly fine is just the cost of doing business. No need to fix a pipe-line. Fines are so small, it is cheaper to just pay them. 
But, of course, damage from pipeline 
leaks and explosions can’t be reduced to just gray bars. In my district, the city of San Bruno, where eight people were killed by a pipeline explosion in 2010, the public remains traumatized by the idea that their entire neighborhood could be wiped out by one carelessly in-spected or uninspected pipeline. Life has risks, but one of them shouldn’t be coming home to find your husband and son and mother-in-law dead and your house obliterated, as happened to one of the families in my district. 
That is why I find PHMSA’s utter 
failure to implement more rigorous safety regulations so disgusting. PHMSA’s reasoning that such regula-tions are ‘‘too costly for the pipeline industry compared with the expected benefits’’ is the reasoning of movie vil-lains, not well-intentioned safety pro-fessionals who are supposed to be tak-ing care of the public interest. Whose side is PHMSA on? 
Now, one could argue that the low 
penalties are Congress’ fault, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.005 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2362 April 22, 2015 
PHMSA’s. After all, the Federal En-
ergy Regulatory Commission has power to impose civil penalties of a million dollars per day. Compare that to PHMSA’s relatively paltry $200,000 a day. But that doesn’t explain PHMSA’s failure to even start civil penalty cases. 
Even as pipeline incidents increase, 
PHMSA started fewer civil penalty cases in 2014 than in the past 10 years and proposed 73 percent fewer fines. For the few fines that are proposed, PHMSA does that behind closed doors where the public is not welcome. 
ExxonMobil dumped 63,000 gallons of 
oil into Yellowstone River in 2011 but managed to argue that the original $1.7 million fine should be put down to $1 million. Why did PHMSA allow this? Nobody knows. 
Though I’ve talked about San Bruno, I want 
to emphasize that the lack of adequate pipe-line safety measures is a nationwide problem, not a Bay Area or California problem. In 2011, a leak from an 83-year-old cast-iron main in Allentown, Pennsylvania, caused a blast that killed 5 people. In 2012, a gas pipeline explo-sion outside of Charleston, West Virginia, de-stroyed several properties. In 2014, a leak in a 127-year-old pipeline in Harlem, New York, killed 8 and injured 50 more. In each incident, we see the same, recurring problems—aging infrastructure and inadequate inspection. How many more of these tragedies do we need be-fore we get serious about pipeline safety? 
The saddest part about this whole situation 
is that we know how to prevent pipeline leaks and explosions. The National Transportation Safety Board has been saying the same thing for years, after so many deaths and the de-struction of property and the environment. We need automatic or remote control shutoff valves. We need existing pipelines to accom-modate internal inspection tools. We need PHMSA to be a strong voice for safety for the public and we need industry to cease being apologists for lethal incompetence. 
Like so many of my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle, I’m tired of PHSMA’s ex-cuses and prevarications. I’m frustrated that Congress seems powerless to induce PHMSA to take its job seriously. That’s why I’m looking into legislation that will provide PHMSA with the proper encouragement to do its job. It’s time for the toothless kitten to wake up, smell the leaking gas, and take decisive action. 
f 
SAVE OUR WATER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, 
California is now in the fourth year of the worst drought on record. Hydrolo-gists estimate it is the worst drought in 1,200 years. The Sierra snowpack today is just 5 percent of normal. One of our largest reservoirs, the New Melones Reservoir on the Stanislaus River, is at just 22 percent of its capac-ity, with the rainy season now offi-cially over. 
Water rationing is in effect in many 
communities. Many Californians face $500 fines if they take too long in the shower or spill a gallon of water on 
their sidewalks. And yet in the last several weeks, the Bureau of Reclama-tion has released about 10 billion gal-lons of what precious little water re-mains behind the New Melones Dam in order to nudge a handful of steelhead trout toward the ocean. That is enough water to meet the annual residential needs of a human population of about 300,000 for the whole year. 
How many fish are affected? Well, bi-
ologists estimate that it will affect the offspring of about 29 steelhead trout on the Stanislaus River, a few hundred smolts, almost all of which will be eaten by predators long before they reach the ocean; and that assumes that they won’t swim toward the ocean on their own, as they have been doing without our helpful assistance since time immemorial. 
Put in financial terms, with water 
selling for $700 per acre-foot, the cost of this ridiculous exercise is about $21 million. But the real cost will be felt in the fall if the rains don’t return. At that point, these releases guarantee there will be no water left for human beings or for fish. 
All this occurs after a compromise 
without which Lake Tulloch, below New Melones, would have been drained below the water intake pipes that serve a population of nearly 10,000 human beings. 
When are we going to wake up to the 
lunacy of these current environmental laws and the ideological zealots who are administering them? Who in his right mind would dump enough water to meet the annual residential needs of a population of 300,000 human beings in order to nudge toward the ocean the offspring of maybe 29 steelhead trout— it could be as few as 6—in the worst drought in 12 centuries? Yet that is precisely the policy of this administra-tion. 
President Obama has authority under 
the existing Endangered Species Act to convene a process to suspend these laws during the drought. Governor Brown also has the authority to re-quest the President to act, yet despite repeated calls to do so, neither has re-sponded. Ironically, before we built these dams, in a drought like this, there would be no rivers and there would be no fish. 
Nor is this waste limited to just one 
reservoir and one river. The Bureau of Reclamation is ordering pulse flows throughout the State, completely uncaring of the impact on the rapidly endangered species called homo sapi-ens. 
Mr. Speaker, 3 weeks ago I intro-
duced H.R. 1668, the Save Our Water Act. It simply provides that during an extreme drought the requirements of massive environmental pulse flows are suspended. I want to urge speedy con-sideration and passage of this act, but 
I fear it will not come in time to pre-vent the exhaustion of our remaining water supply. 
I warned of this practice last year, 
and I appealed to State and Federal water managers to suspend these water 
releases during the drought. Sadly, I was unable to rally much public inter-est, I think in large part because few people actually believed that our water policy could possibly be so foolish. 
Well, they believe now. We are now 
reaching a crisis that can no longer be ignored, and Californians are now starting to realize that our environ-mental laws long ago passed from the realm of reason to the realm of ideo-logical extremism. 
Droughts are nature’s fault. Water 
shortages are our fault. We once built dams to store water from wet years so that we would have it in dry ones, but the same radical environmental laws that are squandering our existing water supply have also obstructed the construction of any major new storage since 1979, while the State’s population has nearly doubled. 
Dr. Johnson once said that when a 
man is to be hanged in the morning, it concentrates his attention remarkably. Well, if any good comes out of this drought, it may be that the American people finally have awakened to the damage these laws have done and are ready to change them and change the zealots in government who are respon-sible for them. 
f 
b1030 
AN UPDATE ON THE PUERTO RICO 
STATEHOOD ADMISSION PROC-ESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, for the 
sixth time this year, I rise to discuss Puerto Rico’s political status. 
I am an optimist about Puerto Rico’s 
future. The island is blessed with nat-ural beauty, a rich history, a vibrant culture, a sophisticated and diverse private sector, and talented and hard- working professionals who can compete with anyone, anywhere. 
But my optimism is tempered by re-
alism. Because to change the world for the better, you must first see the world as it is. And the reality is that Puerto Rico’s potential is being squandered. Puerto Rico should be a blooming flow-er, but instead it is withering on the vine. 
Puerto Rico is ensnared in the worst 
economic crisis in its history. The is-land’s healthcare system is in a precar-ious state, the territory’s homicide rate—despite recent improvements— still far exceeds that of any U.S. State, and residents of Puerto Rico are relo-cating to the States in record numbers. 
I have heard it argued that leaders in 
Puerto Rico should concentrate solely on the immediate problems at hand and set aside the issue of political sta-tus until those problems are resolved or their severity is reduced. This argu-ment has superficial appeal, but it is completely wrong. All of Puerto Rico’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.006 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2363 April 22, 2015 
major problems are directly linked to 
our status. They are rooted in the un-equal treatment that Puerto Rico re-ceives because it is a territory. 
If you want to understand why Puer-
to Rico has always had higher unem-ployment and poverty than any State, you must recognize that the territory is excluded from the earned income tax program, partially excluded from the child tax credit program, excluded from the Supplemental Security In-come program, and treated unequally under the Federal nutrition assistance program. 
If you want to understand why Puer-
to Rico has high debt, you must realize that the territory government has bor-rowed so heavily in the bond market in order to compensate for its disparate treatment under Federal programs. 
If you want to understand why pa-
tients in Puerto Rico received inad-equate care, why physicians and hos-pitals are not fairly compensated, and why the cost of providing health care is disproportionately borne by the Puerto Rico Government rather than shared equitably with the Federal Govern-ment, you must grasp that Puerto Rico is treated in a discriminatory fashion under Medicaid, traditional Medicare, Medicare Advantage, and the Afford-able Care Act. 
If you want to understand why drug- 
related violence is pervasive in Puerto Rico, then you must come to terms with the fact that Federal law enforce-ment agencies have dedicated insuffi-cient personnel and equipment to Puer-to Rico because States invariably take priority over territories when it comes to the allocation of finite resources. 
To solve its deeply entrenched prob-
lems and to reach its enormous poten-tial, Puerto Rico must receive equal treatment. And to receive equal treat-ment, Puerto Rico must become a State. To pretend otherwise is just that: to pretend. 
That is why less than 3 months ago I 
introduced H.R. 727, the most forceful statehood admission bill for Puerto Rico in history. 
I am proud to report that the bill is 
likely to obtain its 100th cosponsor as early as today. Cosponsors come from 31 States, the District of Columbia, and the four other territories. They are both Democrats and Republicans. In-deed, about 1,900 bills have been intro-duced so far in this Congress, and H.R. 727 has more bipartisan support than over 99 percent of them. 
Every Member who cosponsors this 
bill is standing up for a powerful prin-ciple, which is this: the people of Puer-to Rico are American citizens who have enriched the life of this Nation for gen-erations. 
My constituents have fought—and 
many have died—for a flag that con-tains 50 stars, but no star that rep-resents them. If they reaffirm their de-sire in a federally sponsored vote to be-come a full and equal member of the American family, they have earned the right to be first-class citizens. SHEPHERD’S MEN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
EED). The Chair recognizes the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L OUDERMILK ) 
for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, 13 
men, 911 miles, and 1 week to make a difference. 
A group of brave warriors known as 
the Shepherd’s Men set out on a jour-ney that will take them from the Free-dom Tower in New York City to the Shepherd’s Center in Atlanta, Georgia. 
Every day, servicemen and -women 
from across our country return from the fields of combat only to fight an-other battle at home. While this battle may not include heavy artillery or enemy combatants, it is just as dev-astating. 
Post-traumatic stress disorder, or 
PTSD, and traumatic brain injuries are disorders that take years—and some-times a lifetime—to heal. These en-emies invade the mind and cause un-speakable pain for those suffering and for their families. 
For this reason, 13 brave men, whose 
mission is to raise awareness and fund-ing for those with PTSD and traumatic brain injuries, have accepted the ardu-ous task of running from the Big Apple to the Peach State. 
With each step forward, the Shep-
herd’s Men are one step closer to reach-ing their goal of raising $250,000 for the Shepherd Center’s SHARE Military Ini-tiative, a comprehensive rehabilitation program that provides assistance and support for servicemen and -women who have sustained mild to moderate traumatic brain injury and PTSD from the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
While the wounds may have been in-
flicted years ago, the scars still re-main, and that is why the Shepherd’s Men run 911 miles with 22-pound packs strapped to their chests. 
These courageous men do not run for 
their own glory, but for their fellow servicemembers whose lives may be forever changed by the effects of these conditions. 
Today, one out of five servicemem-
bers returning home from Iraq or Af-ghanistan have been diagnosed with one of these debilitating conditions. If left unchecked, these injuries could be life threatening. As our servicemem-bers return home from Active Duty, it is important for them to know that they do not suffer alone. 
This morning, the Shepherd’s Men 
are a few steps closer to reaching their final destination. As the Sun rose gent-ly against the backdrop of the Iwo Jima Memorial, the Shepherd’s Men arrived in our Nation’s Capital. It was here—at the place that memorialized one of the most historic moments in our history—where I joined the Shep-herd’s Men for a short 1-mile run out of their 911-mile journey. 
As I stood in the shadow, Mr. Speak-
er, of the Iwo Jima Memorial, one of the Shepherd’s Men following our run came up to me and said: When we go into combat, we know that we may not come back out. And I lost many of my 
men in combat, and I can accept that, but what is hard is when these men survive combat, and they come back home and lose their life to these debili-tating conditions. That is hard to swal-low. 
As a veteran of the United States Air 
Force, I am extremely grateful to the unwavering commitment the Shep-herd’s Men have shown to defend their fellow servicemen and ensure that they have the resources they need to begin their road to recovery. 
Although the road may be long and 
fraught with setbacks, people across this Nation are going the extra mile to ensure our servicemembers are given the help they deserve. 
To the Shepherd’s Men, Godspeed on 
the rest of your journey, and thank you for your commitment to our Nation’s military. 
f 
HONORING BISHOP WALTER SCOTT 
THOMAS, SR., AND HIS FORTY YEARS OF SERVICE TO GOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great honor, admiration, and re-spect that I take this time to honor one of this Nation’s most distinguished citizens, Bishop Walter Scott Thomas, Sr., in recognition of his 40 years of service to God as a pastor, mentor, and community leader. 
I am honored to rise today to share 
with my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives the accomplishments of this remarkable man. 
For the last 40 years, Bishop Walter 
Scott Thomas, Sr., has faithfully served as the pastor of the New Psalm-ist Baptist Church located in the Sev-enth Congressional District in Balti-more, Maryland. Bishop Thomas is a Baltimore native who was called to proclaim God’s Word to the world. 
He received a bachelor’s of science 
degree from the University of Mary-land in economics, a master’s of divin-ity degree from Howard University School of Religion, and a doctor of ministry degree from St. Mary’s Semi-nary and the University of Baltimore. 
In 1975, Bishop Thomas was called to 
pastor the New Psalmist Baptist Church. He is a devoted leader who cares about the needs of his congrega-tion, the community, and the world. 
Under his dynamic leadership over 
the last four decades, New Psalmist Baptist Church has grown to serve sev-eral thousand members. His vision and message of ‘‘empowering disciples’’ has inspired thousands to make a positive impact in their personal lives, commu-nities, the State of Maryland, the country, and the world. 
He is an influential leader who gra-
ciously uses his gifts to serve clergy and religious leaders. From 1999 to 2002, Bishop Thomas served as the president 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.008 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2364 April 22, 2015 
of the Hampton University Ministers’ 
Conference. He has coached and mentored pastors, church leaders, staff, and ministry teams all over the coun-try. 
On July 20, 2005, Bishop Thomas was 
elevated to the office of bishop and pre-siding prelate of the Kingdom Associa-tion of Covenant Pastors by ministers from across this great Nation. 
Bishop Thomas has led multiple out-
reach initiatives to provide services and resources to the community. These initiatives include assisting economi-cally disadvantaged families and home-less persons, providing employment as-sistance for job seekers, and partnering with school principals to provide school resources. 
In 2013, Bishop Thomas and the New 
Psalmist Baptist Church donated $40,000 to the Baltimore City North-western Police District to renovate the station entrance and lobby for our po-lice officers and community members. 
In addition to his leadership in the 
local community, Bishop Thomas has been a global leader, supporting projects to improve the quality of life for the world’s underserved citizens. Bishop Thomas and New Psalmist Bap-tist Church support a school in Nairobi, Kenya, as well as clean water and sanitation projects in Africa. 
Bishop Thomas has also been the 
guest of His Royal Highness Prince 
Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki- moon to represent the United States and the Christian faith in the Many Heavens, One Planet faith and con-servation event in Windsor, England. 
In 2009, Bishop Thomas had the honor 
of delivering the invocation during President Barack Obama’s whistlestop tour at Baltimore’s War Memorial Building. In 1998, Bishop Thomas hosted President William Jefferson Clinton at the New Psalmist Baptist Church. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, Bishop Thomas 
is a devoted husband, father, and friend. He is the loving husband to first lady Patricia Thomas and the proud fa-ther of three very successful children: Joi; Walter, Jr.; and Joshua. 
Bishop Thomas is a source of wisdom 
and encouragement to his family and friends. Bishop Thomas is a great friend who has inspired me through his faithful leadership of his family and the New Psalmist Baptist Church. 
I am honored that God allowed our 
lives to eclipse, and today I wish to thank him on behalf of Baltimore, Maryland, and indeed the Nation and the world for his dedication, commit-ment to God, his church, his family, and his community. 
f 
ACCESS TO INPATIENT REHABILI-
TATION THERAPY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I joined the gentleman from North Carolina, Con-
gressman G.K. B UTTERFIELD , to intro-
duce H.R. 1906, the bipartisan Access to Inpatient Rehabilitation Therapy Act of 2015. 
Coordinated medical rehabilitation 
provided in an inpatient setting is cru-cial to Medicare beneficiaries with in-juries, disease, disabilities, or chronic conditions. 
Unfortunately, beginning in 2010, the 
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services began placing limitations on what types of therapy a beneficiary could receive, despite the professional judgment of the treating physician. 
Mr. Speaker, these limitations re-
strict recreational therapy from being prescribed, despite it being medically necessary in many cases. 
The bipartisan Access to Inpatient 
Rehabilitation Therapy Act of 2015 that I have introduced with Congress-man B
UTTERFIELD will undo these un-
necessary barriers imposed by CMS that place limitations on what types of therapy a beneficiary may receive. 
b1045 
This legislation will not cost the 
American taxpayer any money; will help facilitate access to the appro-priate mix of services in an inpatient rehabilitation facility; and will benefit patients with brain injuries, spinal cord injuries, and those who have sus-tained strokes, amputations, individ-uals living with neurological disorders, and a wide range of other conditions. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today and 
strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get behind this commonsense bipartisan legislation. 
f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE VOT-
ING RIGHTS ACT OF 1965 AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the 
Speaker and acknowledge that 1965 is a very unique and special year. It is the commemoration of the march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, which symbolized to the world the cry and passion to have your voices heard through the vote. 
I stand here today asking this body 
and its leadership to put on the floor of the House the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, a bill that was reauthorized in 2006, 2007, under the leadership of President George W. Bush and the Members of the United States Congress, in a bipartisan man-ner. The vote in the Senate was 98–0, and we had an equally impressive vote here in the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
The question would be why, a simple 
task of updating this legislation to en-sure that thousands, maybe millions, are not denied the right to vote. 
I start with that because the walk 
across the Edmund Pettus Bridge was particularly brutal, and I want to give credit to all those who marched, many 
names that I know, our own colleague J
OHNLEWIS, Hosea Williams, and many 
that we have met over the years in Selma. They marched and stood non-violently against violence and, might I say, under the auspices of the misinter-pretation of the law, those law enforce-ment officers—misguided, of course— that stopped those individuals from ex-pressing their rights. 
Today, I come to match the need for 
the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act to the enormous need, in a bipartisan manner, to reform our criminal justice system. 
Over the news airwaves of the last 24 
hours, right here in Washington, D.C., there was a statement about a young father who stood on his doorsteps in Fairfax, Virginia, that, finally, his two beautiful daughters had a settlement from that law enforcement depart-ment. He was shot on his doorsteps. The facts are such that I won’t discuss today, but one can almost assume that that father did not need to lose his life. 
Yesterday, the #marchtojustice, the 
Justice League of New York City, came to the west lawn to petition the gov-ernment to end racial profiling and to begin to address the question of how do we have a criminal justice system that meets the equality and justice of America. 
Sadly, just a few miles a way, in Bal-
timore, we understand that a young man was picked up and, ultimately, went into a coma and died. What hap-pened in the midst of the time where his spinal cord was nearly severed in the custody of law enforcement offi-cers? 
Let me be very clear. As a senior 
member of the Judiciary Committee, my commitment is that law enforce-ment officers go home to their fami-lies. In a few days, we will be honoring those who fell in the line of duty. We will be standing and respecting the fact that they provide a protection for this Nation and they serve us. We thank them for that. 
But we must come to a point where 
we hold the Constitution dear and that citizens of the United States have the right to access and speech and protest and that protesters are not dangerous outsiders. 
Mr. Speaker, I have introduced two 
initiatives that I would ask my col-leagues to join me on, initiatives that should draw bipartisan support. One is the Build TRUST legislation that sim-ply indicates that there should be a process by which local jurisdictions use various citations and nuisance cita-tions and stopping people on the street as a source of revenue, the same kind of issue that confronted Eric Garner— who, by the way, Mr. Speaker, was a large man who everybody knew, who was simply trying to support his fam-ily, maybe selling a few cigarettes. 
No one has suggested that, dealing 
with the laws of New York, that that wasn’t against the law. What we are saying is that Eric Garner did not need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.009 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2365 April 22, 2015 
to, in essence, lose his life, nor did Wal-
ter Scott in South Carolina, shot five times in the back because he ran. 
We are legislators. We know the law. 
We understand that there is a frame-work for dealing with police officers, and we need to get there. 
The Build TRUST bill says, however, 
that you cannot heavily burden a par-ticular community, and you must re-port where all your revenue is coming from in terms of, if it is overly exces-sive, then you will lose Federal funds because we know that you are going into certain communities. 
The other is the CADET Act, which I 
hope will draw bipartisan support. It does what South Carolina is doing. It codifies the collection of data of lethal force by law enforcement and citizens. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time now to use 
the CADET bill for the science of criminal justice reform and the Build TRUST bill to rebuild trust and have police accountability. 
I believe that this 50th year of Selma, 
Mr. Speaker, pushes us to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act and move to-ward a just criminal justice reform. 
f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS 
MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The Chair 
recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize, again, April as Sexual As-sault Awareness Month. 
Mr. Speaker, we must stand up and 
raise awareness across this country that sexual assault and domestic vio-lence can no longer be allowed to exist in our country. We must be proactive on raising awareness on this issue. That is why I come to this floor today to do just that. 
Each Member—Democrat, Repub-
lican, East, West, North, South—has an opportunity, and I hope they join me to do this throughout April, to say ‘‘no more’’ to sexual assault in the United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, every 2 minutes, an-
other American is sexually assaulted, every 2 minutes. That is 237,868 vic-tims—our fellow citizens—a year that are impacted by this heinous crime and assault and violence. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, one of the other 
things that we need to do, on top of raising awareness, is change our cul-ture in America. Earlier this month, a graphic video was shown across this Nation and across this world of a gang rape that took place in broad daylight on the beaches of Panama City, Flor-ida. The victim was clearly incapaci-tated and was clearly assaulted by sev-eral men on that beach. 
Mr. Speaker, those perpetrators 
should and will be held accountable. Justice will be done; but what culture exists in America to allow the hun-dreds of people that were standing nearby who witnessed this assault and did nothing? Bystanders need to under-stand that, in America today, we stand 
up and say ‘‘no more’’ to this heinous crime. 
Mr. Speaker, because this victim was 
unconscious and incapacitated, it would have been likely, absent this video, that this crime would have gone unreported. That is the norm in Amer-ica. Sixty-eight percent of the assaults in the last 5 years were not reported. We need to change our culture, and we need to say ‘‘no more.’’ 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have been on 
this floor numerous times; and, as many of you have seen before, I have shared my personal story from our family situation with this issue. I will tell you, just as I said the first time I came here and shared that story with the Nation, I say it again: there are no excuses for sexual assault and domestic violence in America. 
It is time for us to come together as 
a nation and say ‘‘no more’’ to sexual assault and domestic violence on our fellow citizens. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 55 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Boyd Thomas Tucker, Sisk 
Memorial Baptist Church, Fort Mill, South Carolina, offered the following prayer: 
With praise and thanksgiving we bow 
before You, Father. We thank You for Your love and guidance in each per-son’s life who serves in this room. Grant to the Members of this body wis-dom to take up their duties today. James said, ‘‘If any man lack wisdom, it shall be given him.’’ 
So we pray for wisdom and discern-
ment in their decisions, understanding in their thinking, mercy in their judg-ments. 
We know that without You, Your 
guidance, we can do nothing, but with You, we can do all things. May we not be frightened by the problems that con-front us as a nation, but give thanks that You are with us in this hour. 
May Your Word be a lamp unto our 
feet and a light unto our path. Guide us this day, I pray in my Lord and Sav-ior’s name, Jesus Christ. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House 
his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from New Hampshire (Mr. G UINTA ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. GUINTA led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND BOYD 
THOMAS TUCKER 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) is recognized for 1 
minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great honor and pleasure that I introduce to the Chamber today Rev-erend Tom Tucker. Tom is the senior pastor at Sisk Memorial Baptist Church in Fort Mill, which is just down the street from my house. 
I was talking to Reverend Tucker be-
forehand, and he said he was called to ministry, Mr. Speaker, when he was 18, but he fought it until he was 30. I think it is a wonderful story. 
He has been the president of the 
South Carolina Baptist Convention Pastors Conference; he is currently the first vice president of the South Caro-lina Baptist Convention; he is a fea-tured devotional speaker for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association; and he has ministered, literally, all over the world. 
He is married to Brenda. They have 
two children who are here today, one of whom, Krystal, is married to Jared Ribble, the son of my good friend, Con-gressman R
EIDRIBBLE from Wisconsin. 
So it is an honor and a privilege to 
have, today, as our guest chaplain, Reverend Tom Tucker. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). The Chair will 
entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NO SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS 
AND BENEFITS FOR ILLEGAL ALIENS 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, last summer’s border crisis was the result of President Obama’s 2012 decision to grant amnesty to some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.011 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2366 April 22, 2015 
illegal immigrants. And then last No-
vember, Obama granted amnesty to even more illegal immigrants—mil-lions more. To make matters worse for American taxpayers, these illegal im-migrants can now get work permits. This enables them to get Social Secu-rity numbers and government benefits. 
Make no mistake; what Obama is 
doing is bilking hard-working Amer-ican taxpayers. That is why I am re-introducing my bill, the No Social Se-curity Numbers and Benefits for Illegal Aliens Act. America is a country of laws, not men. I am fully committed to stopping the President’s illegal action. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to avoid improper references to the President. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in solidarity with the Armenian com-munity to commemorate the 100th an-niversary of the events that led to the Armenian genocide. 
One hundred years ago, on April 24, 
more than 300 Armenian leaders were taken from their homes, arrested, and systematically executed. They were the first massacred in a genocide that 
resulted in the deaths of 1
1⁄2million in-
nocent men, women, and children. 
The children, grandchildren, and 
younger descendants of the genocide’s victims have worked hard to remember and honor those who suffered. I am proud to be a member of the Congres-sional Armenian Caucus and to cospon-sor H. Res. 154, the Armenian Genocide Truth and Justice Resolution. 
I praise the Armenian American com-
munity throughout Los Angeles Coun-ty and elsewhere in California and the United States for making sure that the history of that tragic period is known and urging our government to offi-cially recognize the genocide. 
f 
SUPPORT ELECTRIC 
COOPERATIVES 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, over 1.5 million rural South Carolinians receive their power through local electric cooperatives, who work to keep costs low and main-tain high energy standards. Unfortu-nately, President Obama established new regulations for electric water heaters 5 years ago, destroying jobs. These regulations went into effect last week and have negatively impacted the cooperatives by limiting their ability to manage water heaters during peak time, making consumers pay for an in-efficient use of resources. 
I am grateful to support the Energy 
Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015. This legislation reduces new regula-
tions for grid-enabled water heaters, which benefit consumers by keeping costs low. Local businesses like the electric cooperatives are the backbone of America’s economy, the forefront of new innovations, and are leaders in providing affordable, reliable energy, creating jobs for American families. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
SOLAR READY VETS PROGRAM 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Solar Ready Vets pro-gram, the recently announced Federal initiative to train veterans for jobs in the solar industry. 
Solar power accounted for 32 percent 
of electricity-generating capacity that came online in the United States last year, creating 31,000 American jobs. The energy company, SolarCity, will soon open one of the largest solar panel manufacturing plants in the world in my home community of Buffalo, New York, creating 3,500 jobs in our region. The solar industry employs 174,000 
Americans, a number that is quickly increasing. We should seize the oppor-tunity to ensure that our veterans can participate in this growth. 
The Solar Ready Vets program trains 
veterans for jobs in the solar industry at 10 military bases across the country. We are calling for the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station to be one of those sites. This program creates jobs, fights climate change, and provides economic opportunity to returning veterans. 
I call on Congress to support our vet-
erans, support clean energy, and sup-port American jobs by supporting the Solar Ready Vets program. 
f 
HONORING JEFF INGALLS 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Jeff Ingalls, a Granite Stater, American hero, and former prisoner of war. This week he is being rightfully recognized during the Pris-oner of War Medal ceremony this Fri-day. 
Master Chief Jeff Ingalls grew up in 
North Woodstock, New Hampshire, and enlisted in the United States Navy in July of 1978, where he served as a mem-ber of an elite unit of highly technical divers. Ingalls served in missions that were not only incredibly complex and challenging, but also extremely dan-gerous. 
In June of 1985, Ingalls was aboard 
TWA flight 847 when it was hijacked by terrorists. The six-man detachment, in-cluding five U.S. Navy divers, was held in captivity by terrorists, during which time one bravely lost his life. These six men showed bravery, cour-
age, and dedication in the face of an enemy. We will never forget your sac-rifices, your fight in the name of free-dom and democracy. 
American heroes like Jeff Ingalls are 
the reason our country remains the ‘‘land of the free and the home of the brave.’’ For that we are forever grate-ful. 
f 
100 DAYS OF REPUBLICAN 
LEADERSHIP 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, last week 
the House Republicans marked 100 days of Republican control of both bodies of Congress: 100 days spent working for the wealthy special interests against the hard-working American families, 100 days where we saw our national se-curity threatened when we came dan-gerously close to shutting down the Department of Homeland Security, 100 days where we saw Republicans vote to end the Medicare guarantee and turn it into a voucher program. 
Now, today, we are seeing House Re-
publicans attempt to undermine the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, an entity designed to protect American consumers, by taking what was a bipartisan bill that came out of committee with nearly unanimous sup-port and using it as a vehicle through the Committee on Rules to slash fund-ing for this important Federal pro-gram. 
We had a bipartisan bill that could 
have been an important piece of legis-lation that we all could get behind, and it had to be used as a way to under-mine this really important and essen-tial government function of protecting the American consumer. We have just gone too far with this. We need to get back to doing the work that the Amer-ican people sent us here to do. 
f 
PUTTING DECISIONMAKING BACK 
IN THE DISTRICTS 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, while we are 
all hard-working Americans dedicated to the freedom and future of our coun-try, our districts and States are vastly different. House Republicans reject the notion that Washington knows best, and our policies reflect that. By put-ting power back into the hands of the States, we can ensure the decisions made best reflect the Americans we represent. 
In the people’s House, we understand 
this more than any other branch. We understand that a top-down approach to government is unrealistic and un-fair. We hear the voices of those we represent. Parents don’t need bureau-crats in Washington, D.C., to tell them where to send their children to school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.014 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2367 April 22, 2015 
or what doctor they should see. Our ap-
proach gives families the flexibility they need to make these essential deci-sions. 
What works for one district may not 
for another, and we understand that. In the people’s House, we are so proud of the individual districts we come from, like mine in the great State of North Carolina, and we are going to advance policies that let the people there thrive. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
(Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in remembrance of the 1
1⁄2mil-
lion victims of the Armenian genocide, which began 100 years ago on April 24. I join with the Armenian National Committee of the Merrimack Valley of Massachusetts and Armenian commu-nities across the country and through-out the world in mourning those lost and honoring the survivors and their descendants as we recognize this cen-tennial commemoration. 
As a member of the Armenian Con-
gressional Caucus, I strongly support H. Res. 154, the Armenian Genocide Resolution. The systematic, premedi-tated mass murder committed by the Ottoman Empire against the Arme-nians was genocide. Other countries have formally acknowledged dark and painful chapters in their past, and it is time for Turkey to do the same. The Armenians and the descendants of those who were victimized deserve jus-tice. 
On this somber anniversary, we have 
a responsibility to acknowledge the truth about this horrific event. It is a necessary step to building a more just future for all Armenians. 
f 
IRAN IS A TERRORIST STATE 
(Mr. ISSA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, as we meet 
today shortly after noon here, it is evening in the Persian Gulf. It is evening off the coast of Yemen. As we speak, Iran is supplying the rebels, the Houthi rebels, with weapons. Their ships are heading toward them. 
Iran is, in fact, our enemy; and Iran 
is, in fact, in an active war to desta-bilize many of the Arab countries, as we speak. Iran is a terrorist state, but we are pretending it isn’t. The Houthis have been determined by the United Nations to be stopped as rebels, and yet the Theodore Roosevelt is circling rather 
than, in fact, sinking that ship or stop-ping it. 
We, America, are negotiating a nu-
clear deal that may or may not work— that remains to be seen—but we are ne-gotiating with a terrorist state, a ter-rorist state that will, I guarantee it, 
continue going forward to destabilize the region and cause American lives to continue to be lost. 
This is the peril that we have. We 
have had it since 1979. If we do not stop Iran far beyond its nuclear ambitions, we, in fact, will lose American lives every day for the rest of my life. 
f 
b1215 
CLIMATE SOLUTIONS ACT 
(Mr. TED LIEU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, in a modern society, all of us deal with a thousand issues, but there is only one issue that can kill human-ity as a species, and that is climate change. Rising sea levels, more ex-treme weather events, and hotter tem-peratures are not partisan issues. 
Last month, President Reagan’s 
former Secretary of State George Shultz wrote a column in The Wash-ington Post asking for action on cli-mate change. Today, on Earth Day, I am introducing the Climate Solutions Act, which will tackle climate change by focusing on three areas: slashing carbon pollution, implementing bold renewable portfolio standards, and set-ting high energy efficiency standards. 
In the future, our history books will 
write that America led the world on climate change and saved the planet— or there will be no more history books. 
f 
NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS WITH 
IRAN 
(Mr. STUTZMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with great concern over the Obama administration’s ongoing nu-clear negotiations with Iran. I also rise in support of the efforts of our col-leagues in the Senate to ensure that any agreement made with Iran has the consent of our constituents’ elected of-ficials here in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, we have seen, in regions 
across the world, the Obama adminis-tration’s limited ability to enforce its international agreements and promote our country’s interests. The recent horrific chemical weapon attacks in Syria, the growth of ISIS, and Mos-cow’s continued dominance in Ukraine all call into question the strength and resolve needed by this administration to enforce an agreement with one of our Nation’s most dangerous foes: Iran. 
As these negotiations continue, I 
strongly urge my colleagues to care-fully consider the ability of the admin-istration to uphold and enforce the terms decided on with Iran and the im-pact that this will have on our security and the security of one of our Nation’s closest allies: Israel. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this is a 
critical moment for our Nation and for the world and for future generations. 
We must be determined to make sure that enemies do not get a hold of weap-ons that could destroy our friends and allies. 
f 
RIGHT-TO-WORK ZONES 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to commend the communities in my district that have rejected the Gov-ernor of Illinois’ efforts to create so- called right-to-work zones. 
Rather than lifting Illinois up to 
make life better for working families, the Governor’s divisive plan would drag down all corners of the State into a race to the bottom. These zones are a gimmick to pit communities against each other, to deprive workers of their rights, and to weaken unions. 
Rather than creating good-paying 
jobs for Illinois workers, these zones will depress wages across the State by incentivizing companies to move to whatever town offers them the possi-bility of paying lower wages and offer-ing fewer benefits. 
We shouldn’t be asking hard-working 
men and women to work for poverty- level wages to make up for the fiscal deficit Illinois faces, a deficit which is caused, in large part, by laws that we pass right here on the floor of Congress that cause the citizens of Illinois to pay $20 billion more each year in taxes than we get back in Federal spending. 
Unions did not cause the problems 
that Illinois faces, and cutting work-ers’ pay will not solve them. So I com-mend those in Naperville, Aurora Township, Oswego, and communities throughout Illinois fighting against this bad policy. I am proud to stand with you. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DUKE 
BASKETBALL 
(Mr. LIPINSKI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, as a 
proud graduate of Duke University’s Graduate School, I rise today to honor the Duke men’s basketball team and their coach, Mike Krzyzewski, who re-cently won the NCAA title. 
The 2015 Duke men’s basketball team 
was led by veteran senior guard Quinn Cook and freshman Chicagoan Jahlil Okafor, who was named ACC Player of the Year and was a unanimous All- American selection. Coach K led the team to a 35–4 record and the national title with a hard-fought victory over Wisconsin in the title game. 
Coach K, a Polish American from 
Chicago, has won more men’s college basketball games than any other coach in history—over 1,000, including 945 wins and five NCAA titles at Duke. And, as all college basketball fans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.015 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2368 April 22, 2015 
know, there is no place to see a game 
like Cameron. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me today in recognizing the out-standing achievement of the 2015 Duke University men’s basketball team and Coach Mike Krzyzewski on winning the 2015 NCAA Tournament championship. 
f 
DEBT-FREE COLLEGE 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, a col-
lege education should be accessible to all Americans. 
Currently, 40 million Americans have 
student loans, with an average balance of $29,000. This impacts our entire econ-omy, as it prevents young people from buying homes, starting a family, and even buying a car. 
Mr. Speaker, we provide a high 
school education for all students be-cause we recognize the advantages for our children and our society of having a good education. 
But a high school education is no 
longer enough if you want to get a good-paying job. A college education is necessary and essential in today’s soci-ety in order to move ahead. It is an es-sential step to getting a good-paying job and joining the middle class. 
Mr. Speaker, we are stacking the 
deck against our young people. The cost of higher education is through the roof, and student loans are weighing on our youth at one of the most vulner-able points in their lives. 
Mr. Speaker, our parents and grand-
parents didn’t have to take on this level of debt just to get an education. It is our responsibility to ensure that future generations have the same op-portunities that our parents and grand-parents had to access higher education without the burdensome student loan debt that we now carry. 
f 
VACCINATE YOUR CHILDREN 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, there was a 
story in today’s Washington Post about the Salk vaccine being approved for usage in this country 50 years ago, on April 12, 1955. There was a picture of a second-grade student getting a shot as a test case in 1954. It brought back memories to me that I wanted to relate here. 
My father was a physician. In 1954, he 
gave shots to second-grade children as part of the testing of the Salk vaccine. I had a brother in the second grade. My father gave him the shot that he gave all other second-graders. 
I was in kindergarten. My father’s 
mission was not to give shots beyond the second grade. So while the vaccine was in my home, he thought about giv-ing it to me but didn’t. 
In the spring of 1954, I came down 
with polio. My father never forgave himself for not giving me that vaccina-
tion. I have suffered for it ever since and will continue for the rest of my life. 
I relate this story to tell the Amer-
ican people: Vaccinate your children. Don’t listen to the hysteria. Science has given us ways to stop children from getting diseases that have threatened society for generations. Do vaccinate. It is safe. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF ARMENIAN 
GENOCIDE 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in solemn recognition of the 100-year anniversary of the genocide of over 1 million Armenians at the hands of the Ottoman Turks. 
The Armenian genocide began April 
24, 1915, when 250 Armenian intellec-tuals and community leaders were ar-rested. By 1918, between 800,000 and 1.5 million Armenians had disappeared, been killed through massacres, or sub-jected to forced labor and death marches in the desert. 
The Armenian genocide joins other 
great human tragedies of the 20th cen-tury, including the Holocaust perpet-uated by Nazi Germany against Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Christians, and political opponents; the massacre of the Tutsis in the Rwandan genocide; the Khmer Rouge; and Joseph Stalin’s mass murders. 
I rise today to remember those whose 
lives perished in the Armenian geno-cide and to recognize the Armenian Americans in their ongoing quest to ensure that those who perished are re-membered for their loss of life in one of the most tragic genocides of the 20th century. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1560, PROTECTING CYBER NETWORKS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1731, NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PROTECTION ADVANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 212 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 212 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1560) to im-prove cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-
trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence now printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amend-ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multi-directional sharing of information re-lated to cybersecurity risks and strengthen 
privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and amendments specified in this section and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Homeland Security now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114-12. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.016 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2369 April 22, 2015 
shall not be subject to amendment, and shall 
not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 3. (a) In the engrossment of H.R. 1560 
the Clerk shall— 
(1) add the text of H.R. 1731, as passed by 
the House, as new matter at the end of H.R. 1560; 
(2) conform the title of H.R. 1560 to reflect 
the addition of H.R. 1731, as passed by the House, to the engrossment; 
(3) assign appropriate designations to pro-
visions within the engrossment; and 
(4) conform cross-references and provisions 
for short titles within the engrossment. 
(b) Upon the addition of the text of H.R. 
1731, as passed by the House, to the engross-ment of H.R. 1560, H.R. 1731 shall be laid on the table. 
b1230 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. C OLLINS ) is 
recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H. Res. 212, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I am pleased to bring this rule for-ward on behalf of the Rules Committee. It is a rule that respects the legislative process and reflects the responsibility of Congress to address a critical deficit in the infrastructure of our Nation. 
This rule provides for consideration 
of both cybersecurity measures under a structured amendment process. As a result of a thorough and deliberative committee hearing yesterday evening, there are five amendments to H.R. 1560 
and 11 amendments to H.R. 1731 that this body will have the opportunity to debate and ultimately vote for or against. 
The bipartisan nature of these bills 
speaks to the critical need for this leg-islation. Both bills passed their respec-tive committees with bipartisan sup-port, and I am hopeful this rule will enjoy similar overwhelming support. 
For each bill, amendments offered by 
Democrats exceeded those offered by Republicans. I would like to thank 
Chairman N
UNES and also Chairman 
MCCAUL for their work, both within 
our conference and across the aisle, to ultimately bring forward two bills that reflect compromise, consistency, and a deep understanding of the dangers that cyber attacks pose every day. 
If both bills are adopted, this rule 
combines the bills and sends them to the Senate as a package in an effort to work with the other Chamber, go to conference, and to produce a product that will be signed into law. This is a fair rule that respects this body, the importance of this issue, and the legis-lative process as a whole. 
The world has changed greatly since 
this body last discussed cybersecurity. The ‘‘Internet of Things’’ has created unforeseen risks and exposed vulnera-bilities and defects in the ability of companies to even simply talk to each other without fear of frivolous litiga-tion. 
Our enemy is adapting, growing bold-
er and more sophisticated. North Korea, Iran, Russia, and China seek to exploit and devastate our economic se-curity as a nation and our data secu-rity as individuals through cyber at-tacks that we cannot adequately an-ticipate, respond, or even communicate about. 
Foreign governments aren’t the only 
ones who wish to do Americans harm. Terrorists and criminal enterprises have also recognized that American companies are crippled by the ambi-guity in our law as it relates to sharing cyber threat information. 
The cyber attack surface has ex-
panded. Wearables, connected vehicles, and embedded devices have made it possible for cyber attacks to literally be driven into the parking lot or walked through doors. 
The traditional ways of responding to 
cyber threats and recovering from them are not sufficient to safeguard the data privacy of Americans and the economic security of our Nation. The scope of these attacks and devastating damages are increasing as rapidly as the attackers are themselves. 
These bills are not a magic pill. They 
will not render inoperable the scores of foreign countries and enterprises that want to see American exceptionalism brought to its knees; but they do give clear, positive legal authority to Amer-ican companies to allow them to pro-tect their own and to appropriately share cyber threats with other coun-tries and, in certain cases, Federal agencies. 
Let me be clear. These are not sur-
veillance bills. These are not data col-lection bills. This is not the PATRIOT Act or FISA. This body will debate in-telligence gathering, collecting, shar-ing, and using at some point in the fu-ture, but today is not that day. 
I know those rightly concerned with 
government surveillance, like myself, would like to use this rule for that pur-pose and the underlying measures as a platform to debate that, but I urge them to refrain. We will have that de-
bate. 
Today’s focus is on the perpetrating 
of the thousands of cyber threats American businesses face every single day. Let the attention be on North Korea. Let it be on Iran. Let it be on the countless enemies of the United States who want to destroy this Na-tion. For today, we speak with a united voice that they will fail. 
We declare with one voice that Amer-
ican companies have the right to pro-tect their own, to protect and defend their own networks, to share technical information with the appropriate agen-cies on a voluntary basis if they so choose. 
I thank the Intelligence and Home-
land Security Committees and their staff for their tireless work they have done to ensure that we can protect our economy, our infrastructure, and our private information. 
I know detractors of the legislation 
may attempt to paint this rule and un-derlying measures in a different light, so let’s allow the facts to speak for themselves. 
These bills have three key compo-
nents. First, they provide for com-pletely voluntary participation by pri-vate companies in a program with posi-tive legal authority. This program al-lows three kinds of sharing—private company to private company, govern-ment to private company, and private company to government—but this sharing of information is limited only to cyber threat indicators. 
Second, they require the removal of 
all unrelated personal information. It is the technical cyber threat informa-tion that is being shared, zeros and ones. In fact, there is a requirement that both the government and the pri-vate entity remove personally identifi-able information when the information is shared and also when it is received. 
Third, the legislation expressly pro-
hibits the cyber threat indicators from being used for surveillance. 
These bills will benefit all Americans 
by helping businesses better protect sensitive information. Attacks against our network often seek to steal Ameri-cans’ personal information. This can include credit and debit card informa-tion, medical records, or even Social 
Security numbers. 
Many of the recent attacks that we 
have all read about in the news were specifically aimed at stealing the per-sonal information of Americans. Cyber attackers are also increasingly tar-geting small businesses. In fact, in 2014, 60 percent of all targeted attacks struck at small- and medium-sized businesses. 
The underlying legislation will also 
help protect American jobs by pro-tecting the intellectual property of American businesses. It is estimated that cyber attacks cost Americans roughly 500,000 jobs a year. Foreign companies often use cyber attacks to target the trade secrets of U.S. compa-nies and then use the information to produce their own competing product. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.003 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2370 April 22, 2015 
The threat is real, both to our eco-
nomic security as a nation and our per-sonal information as individuals. If we fail to act and pass this rule and the underlying bills, our Nation and our personal privacy is more at risk than ever before. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Georgia for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Today, the House is convening to de-
bate a matter that we all agree is crit-ical for our national security, our eco-nomic competitiveness, our prosperity, and the success of our private sector. 
The recent cyber attacks on Sony 
and Anthem are but two prominent ex-amples of cases in which American businesses or government entities have come under attack by hackers, among many other instances that haven’t even been reported. 
I want to recognize the work that the 
House Intelligence and Homeland Secu-rity Committees did on these pieces of legislation and their attempts to ad-dress these issues. Unfortunately, in spite of their hard work and the work of those that went into crafting these two bills, I regret that they fall short of their goals and would likely do more harm than good. 
Not only do both bills, particularly 
the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, raise enormous concerns about inap-propriate sharing of personal informa-tion and surveillance on Americans’ private lives, but they are built on the premise that many security experts have warned is fundamentally flawed, that sharing information with the Fed-eral Government should be the central focus of our efforts to protect Amer-ican cyber networks, rather than sim-ply one aspect to a multipronged strat-egy to defeat hackers, foreign and do-mestic. 
Now, before I address the substance 
of these two bills, I want to discuss this unusual rule before us and how it treats two bills which contradict each other in significant ways. 
Ordinarily, when two committees 
share jurisdiction over a matter—in this case, the Homeland Security Com-mittee and the Intelligence Com-mittee—they collaborate. One com-mittee handles one portion of the bill, reports it out; the other committee handles the other portion, reports it out, and they work together to bring a single piece of legislation to the floor for Members to debate, amend, and vote for or against. 
This is what happened, for example, 
with the recent SGR repeal legislation, which had components under the juris-diction of no less than six different committees in this body, but was pre-sented before us as a single bill. 
In this case, however, because there 
seems to be some kind of turf war be-tween the Intelligence Committee and 
the Homeland Security Committee, we are actually voting on two overlapping bills that, in several respects, con-tradict one another. 
For instance, the bills have dras-
tically different determinations of what kind of information may be shared, what purposes the government may use the information for, and what hacking countermeasures companies are allowed to take to protect their networks. 
Instead of having a meaningful de-
bate on the merits of each bill’s ap-proach, this body, if this rule passes, would forego that, and we would sim-ply debate and vote on each bill sepa-rately, and if they both pass, the rule directs the Clerk to mesh them to-gether through something called con-forming amendments. 
Not only would this leave businesses 
to wade their way through two sepa-rate, contradictory regulatory schemes, but it leaves it unclear which bill’s provisions would actually prevail in practice and under which cir-cumstances. It actually would create more uncertainty in the marketplace, rather than less. 
I don’t think anybody could reason-
ably call this an open process. We shouldn’t be depriving our constituents of an open debate on important issues. The major amendments of this bill that would have restored privacy, many of which I was a cosponsor, are not even allowed to be debated on the floor of the House, not for 10 minutes, not for 5 minutes, not even for 1 minute. 
My colleagues and I on both sides of 
the aisle are being denied a vote on the very amendments that we feel could address the concerns we have with the cybersecurity legislation and make sure that we keep American networks safe. 
Mr. Speaker, in the 2 years since the 
NSA’s shockingly broad data collection program PRISM came to light, we have heard from many of our constituents. The American people want an end to unwarranted surveillance. They want Congress to restore desperately needed accountability and transparency to our Nation’s often out-of-control intel-ligence-gathering apparatus. 
It is bewildering to many people 
that, at the very time the American people have spoken out that we want more safeguards, instead, we are bring-ing forward two bills whose central ob-jective is to facilitate the flow of more personal information to the Federal Government, when we continue to put off the question of surveillance reform and bringing an end to the NSA’s bulk data collection without warrants. 
It is especially disappointing in light 
of the fact that several PATRIOT Act provisions will sunset at the end of next month, giving Congress a crucial opportunity to reexamine and rein in Federal surveillance programs. 
By putting off that issue and bring-
ing mass information sharing to the floor, Congress is asking the American people for a blank check. Congress is 
saying: Trust the President. No Presi-dent would allow this information sharing to infringe on your civil lib-erties, even though we have utterly failed to pass a single piece of legisla-tion to end the privacy abuses that we know have occurred under this admin-istration and the prior administration. 
The problem with these bills is that 
they go far beyond, and they open up additional loopholes and potential abuses with regard to privacy abuses, particularly H.R. 1560, the so-called Protecting Cyber Networks Act. Both bills open up Americans’ private infor-mation to inappropriate scrutiny by the Federal Government. 
Now, I expect we will hear pro-
ponents of both bills argue at length that the protections against sharing personal information are sufficiently robust. 
For instance, under both bills, they 
will cite that cyber threat data is scrubbed twice for personal informa-tion, once by private entities before they transmit it to the government and once by government entities before they store the information or share it with anybody else. 
Now, that sounds good, but, unfortu-
nately, the devil is in the details, and a close reading of the bill shows that there is an enormous loophole in the information-scrubbing component and that it fails to offer Americans safe-guards for the personal information. 
b1245 
Under both bills, any Federal entity 
in receipt of cyber data threat informa-tion may store and share personal in-formation it receives—unscrubbed in-formation—if they believe that it is re-lated to a cybersecurity threat. 
Now, this standard isn’t too vague, 
considering that information ‘‘related’’ to a cybersecurity threat could be in-
terpreted to mean just about anything, but it is also incredibly broad. It in-cludes an implicit assumption that Americans’ personal information should be shared, unless Federal offi-cials have information that it is not re-lated to a cybersecurity threat. In many cases, the burden is to show that the personal information is not related to a cybersecurity threat for it to be scrubbed, rather than the other way around. 
So, yes, companies and Federal enti-
ties are required to scrub the data for information that can be used to iden-tify a specific person. But the loophole then calls on them not to remove any personally identifiable information un-less they can show that it is not re-lated to cybersecurity. Even if there is an off chance that something at some point might be pertinent to some kind of investigation, it puts Americans’ personal information—without war-rants, without due process, including information about patterns of Internet use, location, content of online com-munications—at great risk. 
We have seen before that the Federal 
Government has a poor track record of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.019 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2371 April 22, 2015 
safeguarding our personal information 
when they are entrusted with it. The last thing we should be doing is em-powering Federal agencies even more with a broad discretion to look at per-sonal information unless there is clear evidence that doing so would combat a cybersecurity threat. 
I introduced, along with my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle, a number of amendments to both bills— one with the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, Representative Z
OELOFGREN , 
and one with Representative Z OELOF-
GREN and the gentleman from Michi-
gan, Representative J USTIN AMASH —to 
impose a higher standard on Federal entities who are entrusted with this personal information. Our proposal would simply require the Federal Gov-ernment to remove personally identifi-able information unless it is directly necessary to identify or mitigate a cy-bersecurity threat—the purported pur-pose of this bill. 
These amendments would have im-
posed no additional burdens on private companies, but they would have given our Nation’s technology companies and the customers who keep them globally competitive more confidence that pri-vate information shared under these bills would not be subjected to inappro-priate mass scrutiny by the govern-ment. 
Sadly, our amendments met the same 
fate as nearly two dozen others put forth to add in important privacy safe-guards. 
The potential for abuse of private in-
formation under H.R. 1560 is even more far-reaching. The Homeland Security bill at least makes clear that the infor-mation companies transmit to DHS should be shared specifically with other agencies that need it to protect critical infrastructure. But the cir-cumstances under which information can be shared under the Intelligence bill—and who it can be shared with— are fuzzier and broader. 
Under the approach taken by H.R. 
1560, every cyber threat indicator shared with a civilian agency of the Federal Government is immediately shared with a host of other government agencies, including the NSA. This in-creases the threat to cybersecurity by having repositories of information rep-licated across numerous government agencies, creating additional avenues for attack by malicious hackers. That means that private sector companies will not be able to participate in the program and promise their users they will not share information with NSA or other government agencies unless re-quired by law. 
Furthermore, it is true that the 
Homeland Security bill includes some troubling provisions that allow the government to use cybersecurity threat information for criminal inves-tigations unrelated to cybersecurity. Fortunately, the Rules Committee made in order an amendment by Rep-resentatives J
OHN KATKO , ZOELOF-
GREN , and A NNA ESHOO that would ad-dress this problem in the Homeland Se-
curity bill. I hope that my colleagues adopt this amendment. 
Unfortunately, no such amendment 
is being considered to address this issue within the Intelligence bill, H.R. 1560, where the problem actually runs much deeper. H.R. 1560 permits cyber threat data, including Americans’ pri-vate information, that is shared with the Federal Government to be stored and used for a raft of unrelated pur-poses, unconstrained by congressional directive, including investigations and potential prosecution of crimes com-pletely unrelated to cybersecurity. 
Obviously, all of us want law enforce-
ment agencies to be equipped to pre-vent and prosecute violent crime, but the inclusion of these matters com-pletely unrelated to cybersecurity broadens the scope of the measure far beyond what it is purported to be: a cy-bersecurity bill. In fact, it reduces the focus of our efforts on combating cy-bersecurity when you open it up to ev-erything under the sun. 
By including a vast array of other 
reasons the government can invoke to store and share personal information, the authors of the bill essentially transformed the information-sharing initiative into a broad new surveillance program. 
Yes. Rather than a cybersecurity 
measure, effectively, these bills are a stalking horse for broad new surveil-lance authority by multiple agencies of the Federal Government without war-rants, without oversight. 
H.R. 1560 empowers Federal entities 
to hold onto any information about an individual that may be ‘‘related to’’ any of the many law enforcement pur-poses lumped into the bill. That gives the Federal Government enormous in-centive to retain and scrutinize per-sonal information, even if it is unre-lated to a cybersecurity threat. 
The scope of the use authorizations 
also undermines due process protec-tions that exist to protect Americans against unwarranted search and sei-zure. Private information about a per-son that was transmitted warrantlessly to the NSA under a program that was purportedly designed to combat hack-ers should not be admissible or used in court against them on an unrelated of-fense—not related to cybersecurity, not related to hacking. It would render all of our due process protections in-valid simply because of the medium of the information that is used with re-gard to these matters in this case: Internet and cyber-related mediums and communications through them. 
I joined Representatives Z
OELOF-
GREN , D ARRELL ISSA, and B LAKE  
FARENTHOLD on an amendment to 
make clear that information sharing may only be used for the purpose of mitigating cybersecurity threats, again, the purported purpose of this bill. If the proponents of this bill are serious about combating cybersecurity, why did the Rules Committee deny Members the opportunity to limit the provisions of this bill to cybersecurity 
rather than a whole host of unrelated offenses? 
I also joined the gentleman from 
Kansas, Representative K
EVIN YODER , 
to sponsor an amendment to address a longstanding due process issue that has plagued our Nation’s legal system and our privacy rights. 
While the government is required to 
get a warrant if it wants to search through a person’s physical mail, it is not required to get a warrant to search through somebody’s old emails, pro-vided the emails are older than 6 months. That contradiction and loop-hole was based on a 1986 law that was written before most people knew what email was. 
Representative Y
ODER and I sponsor 
a bipartisan bill that has 261 cospon-sors, and yet when we offered a provi-sion on this bill, we were not given a chance to vote on it and pass it in spite of the grave due process implications that the underlying legislation has. 
In addition to these privacy and due 
process concerns, I am alarmed by the prospect that H.R. 1560 will actually in-vite attempts by both private and pub-lic entities to deliberately weaken the integrity of software systems in the name of cybersecurity. 
H.R. 1560, for instance, authorizes 
companies to deploy countermeasures that are called defensive measures in the form of hack backs that would oth-erwise be illegal. A countermeasure op-erated on one network should never cause harm to another that is prohib-ited by the Federal antihacking stat-ute, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. But that is precisely what can happen when a company places malware on its own network, because if that data gets stolen along with other valuable data, it can harm or lead to unauthorized or backdoor access of other proprietary networks or informa-tion. 
The gentleman from Virginia, Rep-
resentative G
ERRY CONNOLLY , put for-
ward two amendments to address this issue in a very thoughtful manner. Re-grettably, neither one will be allowed to be debated or receive a vote on the floor of the House unless we can defeat this rule. 
Furthermore, both bills present the 
risk that Federal entities will use the threat information they receive from private companies to circumvent the security protections safeguarding those same private companies’ information systems, effectively creating their own back doors which could later be ex-ploited by malicious hackers. 
As a matter of routine, our intel-
ligence apparatus already demands that private companies include defects in their encryption system for the pur-ported purpose of conducting backdoor surveillance. Today’s legislation only makes it easier for the NSA to find and exploit more of these back doors and, therefore, easier—not harder—for hackers to find and exploit these very same security weaknesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.020 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2372 April 22, 2015 
Once again, Representative L OFGREN  
put forward an amendment that would actually improve cybersecurity by making it clear that Federal entities could not use data obtained through in-formation sharing to demand that pri-vate entities create new encryption weaknesses to enable backdoor hack-ing. Sadly, once again, her amendment will not be heard on the floor of the House, and this bill will encourage and allow additional venues for the illicit hacking it purports to combat. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t doubt the inten-
tions and the goals of my colleagues on the Intelligence and Homeland Secu-rity Committees, but these bills simply represent a step backwards rather than a step forward, present risks on too many fronts, from privacy, to due proc-ess, to the threats that they add to the integrity of the very networks that these bills are designed to safeguard. 
In addition, the bills’ focus on infor-
mation sharing negates an important conversation about more important mechanisms Congress should be look-ing at to protect cyber systems, mech-anisms that are not as fraught with risks to our civil liberties and are more effective at protecting our networks. We should be doing more, for instance, to educate businesses and governments about basic network security. 
Even here in Congress, we have seen 
evidence of how woefully lacking even elementary knowledge about cyber threats is. Helping businesses prevent cyber attacks doesn’t have to mean that the government vacuums up end-less amounts of personal data about how individual Americans are using the Internet and their personal com-munications. 
In fact, if we stop allowing the NSA 
to demand that U.S. businesses delib-erately weaken their own networks for the purpose of government surveil-lance, that, in itself, would be a big step forward to strengthening our na-tional cybersecurity. 
Sadly, today’s rule doesn’t even 
allow for a debate or for a vote on the most significant concerns surrounding this legislation and denies Members the opportunity to consider changes that would address the issues that we have raised and improve cybersecurity under this bill. For these reasons, I hope my colleagues join me in opposing the rule and the underlying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, again, I want to focus this debate. There are many things my friend from Colorado brought up that will be de-bated, that are coming up, I think, as early, frankly, as tomorrow in some committees and will be debated on this floor. This is about sharing. This is about information protection. 
And with that, I am pleased to yield 
3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from New York (Mr. K
ING), who 
is a member of both the Homeland Se-curity and the Intelligence Commit-tees. He is the chairman of the Home-land Subcommittee on Counterterror-ism, and he is also the former chair-
man of the full committee. 
Mr. KING of New York. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of the rule and also of the underlying bills, H.R. 1731 and H.R. 1560. 
As was pointed out, I am the only 
Member of Congress who is on the Homeland Security Committee and the Intelligence Committee; and I was able to both take part and also to observe closely the extent to which the gen-tleman from Texas, Chairman M
CCAUL, 
and the gentleman from California, Chairman N
UNES , worked with Mem-
bers on both sides of the aisle, worked with privacy groups, worked with Fed-eral officials, government officials, and administration officials to try to make this as bipartisan a bill as possible, to ensure that privacy would be pro-tected, but also to ensure that every-thing possible can be done to protect our Nation against cyber intrusions. 
Now, every day there are attacks 
upon our infrastructure. The critical infrastructure—mostly in private hands—is being targeted; and Federal networks, databases that are vital to our national security, are under as-sault every second of every day. 
Cyberterrorism, whether it is carried 
out by a nation-state, such as Iran or Russia or China, or carried out by ter-rorist organizations, such as ISIS or al Qaeda, is extremely damaging and threatening to our national security; and it is essential that we, especially since so much of our critical infra-structure is in the hands of the private sector, allow for sharing, that we allow companies to share information with the government, that there is mutual sharing with the government, with the private sector, so that these companies can do it without fear of being sued, without fear of liability—they act in good faith; they do what has to be done. 
Every measure that was put in 
there—I know the gentleman from Col-orado disagrees, but every measure is in there to ensure that individual rights will not be violated, that pri-vacy will not be violated. And again, we have to look at, for instance, if the gentleman from Colorado is wrong, what this could mean to our country, how this could devastate—devastate— our infrastructure, devastate our na-tional security, devastate our financial system. 
So again, this was not something 
that was rushed into. And when you have both bills passing out of com-mittee with, as far as I recall, not one dissenting vote—not that everyone was in full agreement with the bills. But 
the fact is this is probably as close to a consensus as you can come in the Halls of Congress on such a critical and, in some ways, such a controversial issue, to find that type of unanimity on the two committees that deal with this most significantly. 
b1300 
H.R. 1731 is the Homeland Security 
Committee bill that allows this infor-mation to be shared. The port will be 
the Department of Homeland Security, and that was done, again, working with privacy groups and working with those who are concerned with civil liberties, at the same time working with those who realize how absolutely essential to our security passage of this legislation is and how we have to have this type of cooperation, this type of sharing, this information sharing, and being done with the government and with the pri-vate sector working together to com-bat these enemies which can come at us from all directions. Again, every second of every day these attacks are being attempted and carried out. 
That is the crisis that faces us as a 
nation. It is not as obvious as a bomb going off in Times Square, and it is not as obvious as a bomb going off at the Boston Marathon, but it is just as crit-ical. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. KING of New York. It is just as 
critical and just as vital, in some ways more so, in that the ultimate result could be so devastating to our Nation. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I would ask, again, 
passage of the rule, which I believe is obviously essential, but also passage of the underlying bills because, again, our Congress has been criticized, with some validity, for not being able to work to-gether and for not being able to get things done. But to have such a vital, controversial issue as this, to have both committees who deal with it most closely, to have them come together, all the effort and work that went into it, to have them come together to come up with this package of legislation, this shows Congress works. It shows we take this issue seriously, and it means we are going to go forward in all we can to combat terrorism in all its forms. Right now, probably the most lethal are the cybersecurity attacks being made on us. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support of 
the rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I would just 
add that demanding that private com-panies deliberately include defects in their own encryption systems for the purpose of allowing the NSA to con-duct backdoor surveillance only in-creases the risk of our cybersecurity networks rather than decreases it, which is exactly what the bill does. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
distinguished gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), the ranking 
member of the Committee on Home-land Security. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding the time. 
Mr. Speaker, though I support H.R. 
1731, the National Cybersecurity Pro-tection Advancement Act, as approved by voice vote in my committee, I rise to express my disappointment with the rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.021 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2373 April 22, 2015 
Yesterday the White House an-
nounced support for House passage of H.R. 1731 but said that ‘‘improvements to the bill are needed to ensure that its liability protections are appropriately targeted to encourage responsible cy-bersecurity practices.’’ The White House was referring to the language that was inserted at the direction of the Judiciary majority. 
Instead of providing a targeted safe 
harbor for companies to share timely cyber threat information, it establishes an unduly complicated legal frame-work that runs the risk of providing li-ability relief to companies that act negligently. Moreover, it explicitly im-munizes companies from not acting on timely cyber information. This lan-guage runs counter to the fundamental goal of the legislation: to get compa-nies timely, actionable information to use to protect their networks. 
Yet when H.R. 1731 is considered to-
morrow, Members will not be allowed to vote on a single amendment to fix the liability provision that the White House has called ‘‘sweeping’’ and said may weaken cybersecurity overall. Re-markably, none of the seven amend-ments that were filed to fix it are being allowed. 
I would also like to register my dis-
appointment that the rule calls for H.R. 1731, upon passage, to be attached to the Intelligence Committee bill. From my conversation with Members, I know that there is a great deal of sup-port for authorizing cyber information sharing with the Federal civilian lead, the Department of Homeland Security. As such, I would argue that the rule should have called for H.R. 1560 to be folded into our bill. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. At this 
point, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA), 
the chairman of the Judiciary Commit-tee’s Subcommittee on Courts, Intel-lectual Property, and the Internet. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, I will be supporting the 
rule, but not without trepidation. I will be opposing the underlying bill, but not without regret. The underlying bill could have done what we wanted it to do. It could have allowed for the ex-change of information while protecting individuals’ privacy. It could have lim-ited that information to preventing a cyberterrorist attack. But, in fact, amendments that were offered on a bi-partisan basis, a number of them, that could have limited this would have, in fact, allowed us to have the confidence that this information would be used only for what it was intended. 
Mr. Speaker, since 9/11, the govern-
ment has begun to know more and more about what we are doing, who we are, where we live, where we sleep, whom we love, whom we do business with, and where we travel. And we have known less and less. Just a few days ago, the Ninth Circuit in northern Cali-fornia had to rule that the government had to turn over information in a usa-
ble format. It took a Federal court order to do so. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. ISSA. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, this bill should man-
date our knowing more and the govern-ment not knowing. It should have en-sured that the government only had what it needed. It should have pro-tected private companies who wanted to exchange appropriate information between each other. It should not have created a vast treasure trove here in Washington or somewhere in the hin-terland where the government now and in the future can dig in for any pur-pose—criminal background investiga-tions or perhaps simply checking to see if you paid your taxes. The fact is, this is a data vault that is not narrowly construed, and, therefore, sadly, with-out the amendments that were not al-lowed, I am not in a position to vote for this bill. I thank the chairman, and I thank Mr. P
OLIS for his kind remarks 
also. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat 
the previous question, we will offer an amendment to the rule that will allow the House to consider the Department of Veterans Affairs Cybersecurity Pro-tection Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. K
IRK-
PATRICK ) to discuss our proposal. 
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my colleague for giving me a couple of minutes to talk about the im-portance of protecting our veterans from cyber attack. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1128, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Cyber Security Protection Act. My bill will protect veterans’ personal and sensitive information from cyber attacks without compromising the VA’s ability to provide the health care, benefits, and services our veterans have earned. 
This legislation will do primarily 
three things. First, it will require the VA to develop an information security strategic plan that protects current veterans’ information and anticipates future cybersecurity threats. Second, it mandates a report on VA actions to hold employees accountable for data breaches. Third, it requires the VA to propose a reorganization of the VA’s information-security infrastructure to protect veterans and provide greater levels of accountability and responsi-bility in the VA. 
My bill will also require the VA to 
report employee violations of its policy and report any incidents involving the compromise of veterans’ personal in-formation by the VA or from outside cyber attacks. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is one common-
sense way that we can hold the VA ac-countable and protect veterans’ private and personal information from cyber threats, and I urge all of my colleagues 
to support H.R. 1128. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, at this time I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), a member of the 
Homeland Security Committee and a colleague of mine from Georgia. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, national cybersecurity 
will be an issue this House will have to constantly address for the foreseeable future. To achieve a system that will protect our Nation’s citizens and its in-frastructure, we must create a public- private partnership between Federal agencies and American businesses. This partnership will allow Federal agencies and American businesses to share cyber threat information, vulnerabili-ties within our cyber network, and the creation of new systems to protect con-sumer information. However, private businesses need to be provided protec-tions and incentives to ensure they are protected from government abuse and private legal proceedings meant to gain access to private security infor-mation. 
Mr. Speaker, one of our top priorities 
with these two bills should be to clear-ly acknowledge protections given to companies that engage in penetration testing and clearly state that company proprietary information is protected from nefarious legal proceedings and exempted from Freedom of Information Act requests. It is reasonable to think that individuals would actively pursue this sort of proprietary information for the sole purpose of accessing the vul-nerabilities of private cyber networks if we do not clearly state that this in-formation is protected and exempt from those actions. 
I believe we should consider these 
possibilities and ensure that protec-tions are provided so our country and its citizens can fully benefit from these laws. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I yield to 
the gentleman. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I want to 
thank my colleague from Georgia who sits on the Homeland Security Com-mittee for his passion and his commit-ment to addressing these critical de-fects in the laws governing this vol-untary sharing of cyber threat infor-mation. The legislation before us today is good policy reflective of the hard work of the committees on which you sit, Homeland Security and the Intel-ligence Committee, as well as input from a vast array of stakeholders. It is important to know that the legislation is supported by every sector of the economy. 
As my friend so eloquently noted, the 
legislative process will rightly con-tinue after these bills are considered by the full House this week and for years to come as we revisit and reassess the needs of Americans’ privacy and also the laws governing cybersecurity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.022 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2374 April 22, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with my friend 
that if there is a conference committee on this bill, we should encourage them to seek additional clarification lan-guage as needed to ensure that compa-nies are appropriately incentivized to share cyber threat information. 
I just want to say personally that I 
appreciate all the hard work that you have done on this issue bringing this forward and continuing to work for not only the companies in Georgia but across this Nation who depend on a safe and secure cyber network. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, it is ironic that on this 
very day, leaders on the Judiciary Committee will introduce legislation designed to reform and rein in the Fed-eral Government’s surveillance pro-grams. I haven’t had the opportunity to review those bills yet, so I can’t speak to their merits. But I hope that if it is a strong bill, it will make its way through both Chambers and be-come law. 
But, today, this body is considering a 
rule that would take us in the wrong direction. Recent history has shown that this body shares the American people’s concerns that we don’t take the threat of unwarranted surveillance seriously enough and that Congress needs to pass meaningful reforms that balance our liberties, our freedoms, and our privacy with the need to keep America safe. 
Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH 
MCCONNELL introduced legislation yes-
terday that would extend the NSA’s surveillance program without any of the reforms that many of us on both sides of the aisle have advocated to rein them in. This is despite the na-tional outcry and, indeed, inter-national embarrassment that has been counterproductive to the very Amer-ican security goals that these provi-sions are designed to advance. 
This makes me fear that Congress is 
not learning from the mistakes of the past, mistakes of overly broad surveil-lance authorities, but instead is about to repeat them. So before we approve faster, broader, and easier sharing of vast amounts of personal information from innocent Americans with the Fed-eral Government, Congress should be taking up legislation to prove that we have the ability to curb abuse and the Federal Government’s penchant for abusing its access to this kind of data. 
So far Congress has not shown its ap-
titude for preventing this kind of abuse. Yet today we ask the American people to trust us, to trust the Presi-dent, yet again, by opening up even more information to the NSA and other surveillance agencies. 
Our experience with the NSA has 
shown us that to protect American civil liberties from an overzealous sur-veillance apparatus, the authorities to review and share Americans’ personal information need to be construed as narrowly, as unambiguously, and as specifically as possible by the United States Congress. We need to limit very 
specifically to a specific set of cir-cumstances under which sharing data and information is necessary for miti-gating a security threat. 
We offered to do that through bipar-
tisan amendments, working with Rep-resentative L
OFGREN , Representative 
ISSA, and others, but none of those 
amendments are allowed to be dis-cussed or debated under this rule. 
Both the Protecting Cyber Networks 
Act and the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act fall well short of the standard—and in the case of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act can even be counterproductive and falls woefully short. 
b1315 
These pieces of legislation would en-
able Federal agencies to store and share Americans’ private information, such as Internet usage patterns, even the content of online communications, based on a vague or broad standard that doing so is not unrelated to a cy-bersecurity threat. 
Again, not affirmatively, they don’t 
have to prove that it is related to a cy-bersecurity threat; the burden of proof is to show that it is not unrelated to a cybersecurity threat. How can you de-monstrably show that about anything? 
It would make it easier for govern-
ment agencies to deliberately weaken software systems for the purpose of creating new surveillance back doors that foreign nation-states and hackers can presumably also exploit. 
It would leave the door wide open to 
more NSA surveillance by allowing the sharing of personal information for a raft of purposes unrelated to cyberse-curity. We can do better. 
By rejecting this rule, Members of 
Congress will show that, yes, we take cybersecurity seriously, so seriously that we want to take the time to get it right. Whether that takes another week or 2 weeks or 3 weeks, getting it right means allowing Members of this body input into the formulation of the final bill meaningfully through the kinds of amendments that have been rejected outright under this rule with-out discussion, without debate, with-out a vote. 
Unfortunately, the rule before us 
today denies us the ability to consider amendments that would have addressed many of the concerns with the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bizarre 
rule that combines two, at times, con-tradictory bills and rejects bipartisan amendments that would have addressed 
the concerns that many of us have with the underlying legislation. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous 
question and the rule. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As we move forward, I think one of 
the things—and there are many things that are going to be discussed, and I encourage all Members to vote for this rule. As we move into general debate, there will be a lot of discussion that talks about what we are moving for-ward; but, also, I want to bring forward that we are—as is seemingly not dis-cussed bringing forth, there are amend-ments being brought forth on both of these bills. 
There also were 20-something amend-
ments in Homeland Security; there was also an amendment in Intelligence. These are vetted bills. This is a proper role with what we are doing in Con-gress in bringing these to the floor. 
Are there times that someone may 
want others? Yes; but, at this point, we are going to have that debate here on the floor. That is why voting for this rule and moving this forward is the proper thing to do. 
Before we also move back from this, 
I want to talk about this need and why we are here even to start with. Most Americans recognize and understand that the growing attacks against our cyber networks and critical infrastruc-ture and our laws fail to provide proper legal authority for information regard-
ing cyber threats to be shared. 
In fact, when I am back home in the 
Ninth District of Georgia discussing this, most people don’t realize there is this barrier, and especially everything that is going on, they don’t understand why some of these impediments were put into place that keeps companies from protecting their own, but also protecting their own personal informa-tion. 
One of the things that is missing in 
this debate is the discussion of what has actually happened and the personal information that is shared by these hackers who are getting into our sys-tem. 
Some of the latest attacks per-
petrated by North Korea and other criminal enterprises on Sony Pictures and health insurance providers Anthem and Blue Cross Blue Shield speak to the type of attacks that occur on a daily basis that target the backbone of American business and the privacy of America’s most sensitive data. 
As we look to constrain this, as we 
look to put in proper safeguards, we have to realize that doing nothing ex-poses more and more of our American citizens to personal information being shared. If we don’t believe it, just read the headlines from Sony, Anthem, and these others that have come out re-cently. 
According to the Department of 
Homeland Security, in 2014 alone, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.023 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2375 April 22, 2015 
received almost 100,000 cyber incident 
reports and detected 64,000 cyber vul-nerabilities, and these numbers are just based on information given to DHS and does not reflect the full scope of the attacks on our Nation. 
When we look at this and we talk 
about the personal information, the FBI Director James Comey said: 
There are two kinds of big companies in 
the United States. There are those who have been hacked . . . and those who don’t know they have been hacked. 
A recent survey by the Ponemon In-
stitute showed an average cost of a cyber crime for U.S. retail stores more than doubled from 2013 to an annual average of 8.6 million per company in 2014. 
The annual average cost for a com-
pany of a successful cyber attack in 2014 increased to 20.8 million in finan-cial services, 14.5 million in the tech-nology sector, and 12.7 million in the communications industry. 
The scope of many attacks are not 
fully known. For example, in July of 2014, the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team issued an advisory that more than 1,000 U.S. businesses have been affected by the Backoff malware, which targets point-of-sale systems used by most retail industries. These attacks targeted administrative and customer data and, in many cases, financial data. Most companies en-counter multiple cyber attacks every day, many unknown to the public and many unknown to the companies them-selves even. 
Again, as we look back over the at-
tacks of just the past year, Target an-nounced an additional 70 million indi-vidual contact information was taken during the December 2013 breach in which 40 million customers’ credit and debit information was stolen. 
Between May 2013 and January 2014, 
the payment cards of 2.6 million Mi-chaels customers were affected. Attackers targeted the Michaels POS system to gain access to their systems. 
The email service Yahoo! Mail was 
reportedly hacked in for 273 million users, although the specific number of accounts affected was not released. 
For 2 weeks, AT&T was hacked from 
the inside by personnel who accessed user information, including Social Se-curity information. 
Foreign nationals from China have 
been indicted for computer hacking and economic espionage. We have seen these attacks all over the board. 
Looking at this, the real issue that 
comes to mind is if we sit back and are not productive and not proactive as the Intelligence Committee and the Home-land Security Committee have been here, we are putting in danger more personal information being exposed in ways that no American needs to have their personal information exposed and are being targeted in the process. 
This is good legislation that needs to 
stay on the floor, and that is why we are here today to support this rule and to look forward to that debate that has already happened and will continue to 
happen. 
I appreciate the discussion we have 
had over the past hour. Although we may have some differences, our unity should be clear against the cyber at-tacks and our resolve to prevent them and show their success is strong. 
This rule provides for ample debate 
on the floor, the opportunity to debate and to vote on 16 amendments, and a smooth and deliberative process for sending one bill to the Senate. These bills will help protect American con-sumers, jobs, and small businesses. 
Allowing companies, again, to volun-
tarily share cyber threat indicators with other companies and government agencies will help bring awareness to new threats and vulnerabilities. 
If businesses can learn about a new 
threat from another business or from the government before they are tar-geted themselves, they can better act to protect their customers’ personal in-formation from a similar attack. 
I would like to thank Intel, Home-
land Security, Judiciary, and Rules Committee members and staff for the thoughtful and involved processes that have brought us to this point. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
rule and these two cybersecurity bills. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak on the Rule governing debate on H.R. 1731 and H.R. 1560. 
I support the Rule for H.R. 1731 and H.R. 
1569 because it: 1. provides for consideration of important improvements to both bills; 2. makes clear the role of the Department of Homeland Security in securing civil govern-ment networks; and 3. the responsibilities of DHS in assist private sector entities in improv-ing overall cybersecurity for themselves and their customers. 
The bipartisan process that the Homeland 
Security Committee followed through the lead-ership of Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking 
Member T HOMPSON is an example of what can 
be accomplished when partisanship is re-moved from the policymaking equation. 
I would also like to thank Chairman S
ES-
SIONS and Ranking Member S LAUGHTER as 
well as members of the Rules Committee for making 4 of my amendments in order. 
I join my colleagues in the work to secure 
our nation’s cybersecurity, while preserving the privacy and civil liberties of our citizens. 
The road to today began in 2011, when 
President Obama took several steps to move the issue of cybersecurity to the forefront by: 1. releasing a cybersecurity legislative pro-posal; 2. calling on Congress to take urgent action to give the private sector and govern-ment the tools needed to combat cyber threats at home and abroad; and 3. issuing the Inter-national Strategy for Cyberspace to make clear to nations abroad that the United States was firmly committed to improving cybersecu-rity and combating cyber terrorism. 
I will be offering several amendments as the 
two bills are considered. 
The Jackson Lee amendments are simple 
and will improve the privacy protections al-ready in the bills and allow the Department of Homeland Security to become a better partner with the private sector in its work to improve domestic cybersecurity. One of the Jackson Lee amendments that 
will be offered to the both bills will improve pri-vacy and civil liberties by providing the public with a report from the Government Account-ability Office that their privacy and civil lib-erties are not being compromised by the pro-grams established by this bill. 
Other Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 
1731 will include an assurance that DHS’s re-mains current on innovations: 1. on data secu-rity that can improve privacy and civil liberties protections; 2. in industrial control systems to keep pace with industry adoption of new tech-nologies; and industry best practices; and 3. that can aid DHS in aligning federally funded cybersecurity research and development with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties. 
These amendments will make sure that 
technology and equipment purchased with tax-payer dollars provided to ensure cybersecurity will remain current and focused on real-world applications that reflect constitutional values and how businesses and industry function. 
An important building block for improving 
the Nation’s cybersecurity is ensuring that pri-vate entities can collaborate to share timely cyber threat information with each other and the Federal Government. 
The Administration is expressing concerns 
with H.R. 1560’s broad liability protections of-
fered to companies that sharing information with federal government programs established under this bill. 
Appropriate liability protections should be 
established that incentivize good cybersecurity practices and would not grant immunity to a private company for failing to act on informa-tion it receives about the security of its net-works. 
The important component of cybersecurity is 
that computer network owners and managers will act to improve cyber defense of their sys-tems when provided with information that vulnerabilities in their computer networks exist. 
Legislation should not provide incentives for 
companies not to act when presented with evi-dence of network cyber security vulnerabilities. 
Electronic data breaches involving Sony, 
Target, Home Depot, Neiman Marcus, JPMorgan Chase, and Athem are only a few of the cyber incidents that have plagued pri-vate sector networks. 
These data breaches also are a reminder 
that the Internet is not yet what it must be-come to continue to meet the remote commu-nication needs of a global marketplace. 
As with other threats this nation has faced 
in the past and overcome we must create the resources and the institutional responses to protect our nation while preserving our lib-erties and freedoms. 
We cannot accomplish the task of better cy-
bersecurity without the cooperation and full support of citizens; the private sector; local state and federal government; computing re-search community; and academia. 
This level of cooperation requires the trust 
and confidence of the American people that the actions taken by government to combat cyber threats will not threaten our way of life nor our hard fought Constitutional rights. 
H.R. 1731 makes clear that the Department 
of Homeland Security will be the federal gov-ernment agency responsible for securing civil-ian government networks and supporting vol-untary efforts by private sector companies and institutions to improve coordination and re-sponse to cyber security threats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.024 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2376 April 22, 2015 
The issues regarding liability protection re-
lated to cybersecurity must be addressed in order for H.R. 1560 and H.R. 1731 to have any chance of succeeding. 
It is my understanding that Chairman 
M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T HOMPSON  
have reached agreement on language that ad-dresses concerns that have been raised re-garding liability. 
There are talented and resourceful people 
outside and inside of government who can in-form Congress on approaches to information sharing that will yield the desired results with-out compromising privacy or civil liberties. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the Rule for H.R. 1560 and H.R. 1731. Members from both parties have a shared goal of bolstering cybersecurity and improving the quality of information that the private sector receives about timely cyber threats so that they can protect their systems. I am greatly disappointed that the Rules Com-mittee failed to make in order any of the sev-eral amendments submitted by both Demo-crats and Republicans to refine what the White House has called ‘‘sweeping’’ liability protections, as they appear in both cyber infor-mation sharing bills to be considered this week. 
Extending liability protection to a company 
that ‘‘fails to act’’ on timely threat information could encourage companies to simply do noth-ing despite receiving information critical to the security of its systems. Appropriate liability protection does not grant immunity to compa-nies for failing to act on such cybersecurity threat information, but rather incentivizes sound cybersecurity practices. The provision also effectively preempts state laws—including those in California, Massachusetts, and Mary-land—that hold businesses liable for failing to maintain reasonable security of their systems, thereby undermining important protections for consumers and their sensitive data. 
Instead, my Democratic colleagues on the 
Homeland Security Committee and I support President Obama’s straightforward, tailored approach to addressing what some in industry have identified as a major barrier to the shar-ing of cyber threat information—the risk that sharing such information would expose com-panies to legal liability. Unfortunately, the li-ability protection provision included in the bill puts in place an unduly complicated structure that runs the risk of providing liability relief to companies that fail to act on timely cyber in-formation. I submitted two amendments to ad-dress the liability protection problems that exist in both information sharing bills to be considered this week. The first would have struck the provision immunizing companies that fail to act on timely threat information and clarified that the Act has no impact on a duty to act on shared cybersecurity threat informa-tion. The second would have removed all po-tential liability exemptions for willful mis-conduct by government actors. 
These provisions would have improved both 
bills greatly, and at a minimum they deserved to be debated on the House floor today. The effectiveness of information sharing legislation and efforts to improve the security of compa-nies’ systems depends on getting liability pro-tection right. I look forward to continuing the discussion on liability protection with Members from both sides of the aisle as the bill moves forward. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
House Report 114–88, the report to accom-pany H. Res. 212, the special rule governing 
consideration of H.R. 1731, does not reflect a request by Mr. M
ULVANEY of South Carolina to 
add Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi as a cospon-
sor of his amendment, number 8 printed in part B of the report. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 212 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1128) to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain im-provements in the information security of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. After gen-eral debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1128. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] 
has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
M
ARCHANT ). The question is on order-
ing the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 179, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 163] 
YEAS—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.004 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2377 April 22, 2015 
Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Brady (TX) 
Costa Curbelo (FL) DesJarlais Deutch Graves (MO) Hastings 
Murphy (FL) Neal Olson Payne Poe (TX) Schrader 
Smith (WA) Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1349 
Messrs. CLEAVER and GENE GREEN 
of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. NEUGEBAUER, HUDSON, 
and STIVERS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
163, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 238, noes 182, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 164] 
AYES—238 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Duckworth 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.005 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2378 April 22, 2015 
Napolitano 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Brady (TX) 
Curbelo (FL) DesJarlais Graves (MO) Hastings 
Murphy (FL) Neal Olson Payne 
Smith (WA) Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1356 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an in-crease in the limit on the length of an agree-ment under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration pro-gram. 
S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
f 
BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL 
PROTECTION ADVISORY BOARDS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 200 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1195. 
Will the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. 
Y
ODER ) kindly take the chair. 
b1358 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish ad-visory boards, and for other purposes, with Mr. Y
ODER (Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, April 21, 2015, amendment No. 2 printed in part D of House Report 114–74 offered by the gentlewoman from New Hamp-
shire (Ms. K
USTER ) had been disposed 
of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on amendment No. 1 printed in part D of House Report 114–74 offered by the gentlewoman from New Hamp-shire (Ms. K
USTER ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 244, noes 173, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 165] 
AYES—244 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch 
Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed 
Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder 
NOES—173 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham DeSantis Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Palazzo Palmer Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Aderholt Brady (TX) Curbelo (FL) DesJarlais Graves (MO) Hastings 
McGovern Murphy (FL) Neal Olson Payne 
Rothfus Smith (WA) Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1405 
Mr. LATTA changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.007 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2379 April 22, 2015 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
165 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ARCHANT ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. Y ODER , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-
mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 200, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. KUSTER. I am opposed in its 
current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Kuster moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 1195 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 4. PROHIBITION AGAINST PARTICIPATION 
BY PERSONS EMPLOYED BY COMPA-NIES ENGAGED IN PREDATORY PRACTICES RELATED TO SERVICEMEMBERS. 
No person shall be eligible to be a member 
of the Small Business Advisory Board, the Credit Union Advisory Council, or the Com-munity Bank Advisory Council who has, in the last ten years, been employed by or acted as an agent of a company that has been sub-ject to a State or Federal enforcement ac-tion, including a consent order, settlement or deferred prosecution agreement, for: 
(1) Unfair, abusive, or deceptive acts or 
practices in relation to the provision of con-sumer credit products to veterans or servicemembers. 
(2) Unfair, abusive, or deceptive acts or 
practices in relation to the provision of con-sumer credit products within 50 miles of a United States military installation, or that has targeted or harmed veterans, servicemembers, or their families who live on or are deployed to such installation. 
(3) Any violation of the Servicemembers 
Civil Relief Act. 
Ms. KUSTER (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The gentlewoman from New Hamp-
shire is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to 
commend Congressman P
ITTENGER and 
Congressman H ECK for their tireless 
work on this bill. The three of us ar-rived in Congress at the same time, just over 2 years ago, as part of a very large freshman class. 
Republicans and Democrats alike, we 
were all sent here by constituents frus-trated with the gridlock and partisan-ship who want their Representatives to work together to solve problems. 
In that spirit, I appreciate the bipar-
tisan work that went into this bill, which addresses a noble goal: ensuring that the voices of small businesses are heard by Federal regulators making important decisions across our entire economy. 
I share that goal. Indeed, I have 
worked across the aisle to bring regu-lators like the FDA and the SBA to my district in New Hampshire to ensure that they listen to our small businesses and family farmers. 
Unfortunately, this bill before us 
today falls short of what our constitu-ents expect and deserve, and contains a last-minute, partisan amendment to undermine funding for consumer pro-tection. 
Regardless of one’s position on the 
bill, however, I believe we should all work together to improve it. Thus, I offer this amendment to help protect veterans and military servicemembers from unscrupulous business practices. 
This bill authorizes several advisory 
boards to ensure that the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau consults with small businesses and community financial institutions. 
My amendment is straightforward, 
simply stating that no person shall be eligible to serve on a CFPB advisory board if they or their company has committed unfair, abusive, or decep-tive business practices against vet-erans or military families. 
We can all agree that men and 
women in uniform should not have their homes foreclosed, their cars re-possessed, or their families evicted when they are fighting overseas to pro-tect our freedom. Likewise, military families should not be targeted by predatory interest rates and other abu-sive lending practices. That is not just wrong; it is illegal. 
My amendment is straightforward. If 
a business violates protections for military families, they should not have a seat at the table when new rules are 
being written for the financial services industry. 
This amendment is pro-veteran. It 
supports our military families. And it makes sense. 
So, I ask all of us, Republicans and 
Democrats, to support this amend-ment. Send a message to our veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b1415 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want the House to, again, focus upon what this underlying bill is all about, a most modest and bipartisan effort to simply ensure that the CFPB, perhaps the single most powerful and unaccountable agency in the history of the Federal Government, has some peo-ple to represent the voices of our small-business people, those that are being so harmed as we are losing a community financial institution a day in America, a community financial in-stitution that helped fund our small mom-and-pop restaurants, our auto-mobile transmission repair shops, a farmer, a rancher, all of our small busi-nesses. 
All we are asking is that we have 
that council available, and what start-ed out as a bill that came out of our committee 53–5, unfortunately, yet again, there were some of my friends on the other side of the aisle who were for it before they were against it. 
We will have very substantive de-
bates on the issues dealing with the CFPB, but this one is a very modest one to have small business council, one that the Congressional Budget Office says will not cost trillions, will not cost billions, will not cost millions, but actually a figure we rarely hear around here, Mr. Speaker, thousands, on an annual basis, thousands. 
We should reject the motion to re-
commit. There is no reason to include it. Already, veterans’ voices will be represented, and if there is any group that deserves representation in all of the forms of council of government, it is our men and women who serve this Nation honorably in uniform—and our veterans, already assured. 
It is time to get on to the larger busi-
ness of the House. I urge all of my col-leagues to oppose the motion to recom-mit and to approve the underlying bill from the gentleman from North Caro-lina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), and let’s get 
small business council at the table of the CFPB. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.012 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2380 April 22, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 234, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 166] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—234 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash 
Amodei Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Benishek 
Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Brady (TX) 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) DesJarlais Graves (MO) Hastings 
Murphy (FL) Neal Olson Payne Smith (WA) 
Stivers Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1424 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 183, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 167] 
YEAS—235 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.036 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2381 April 22, 2015 
Capuano 
Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) 
Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Brady (TX) Curbelo (FL) DesJarlais Graves (MO) Hastings Murphy (FL) 
Neal Olson Payne Smith (WA) Wasserman 
Schultz 
Wenstrup Yoho 
b1432 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RE-SOURCES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Natural Resources: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 22, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, The Capitol, Washington, 
DC. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER : This letter serves 
as my official resignation from the House Committee on Natural Resources. It has been my pleasure serving on this Committee since being elected to Congress. Thank you and I will continue working on important priorities relating to my new appointment 
on the House Committee on Small Business. 
Sincerely, 
M
ARKTAKAI, 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-
TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 219 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
ber be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
(1) C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS .—Mr. 
Takai. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROTECTING CYBER NETWORKS 
ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there ob-
jection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 212 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1560. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. M
ARCHANT ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1436 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
ARCHANT in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
N
UNES ) and the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. S CHIFF ) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California (Mr. N UNES ). 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. Over the last several years, cyber at-
tacks have become a pressing concern for the United States. Anthem, Home Depot, Sony, Target, JPMorgan Chase, and other companies have been subject to major attacks, resulting in the com-promise of personal information of em-ployees and customers alike. 
Cyber thieves, whether hostile for-
eign agents or money-seeking crimi-nals, have stolen credit card numbers, accessed medical records, leaked pro-prietary information, and published confidential emails affecting tens of millions of Americans. This situation cannot continue. 
The House has passed cybersecurity 
information-sharing legislation with strong majorities in the past two Con-gresses. The gentleman from Cali-fornia, Ranking Member S
CHIFF , and I 
have continued this bipartisan tradi-tion, working closely together to draft a bill that will increase the security of our networks while protecting users’ privacy. 
I see the gentleman from Maryland 
(Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER ) is here. He spon-
sored this legislation last time, along with the gentleman from Michigan, Chairman Rogers, who is now retired, but I do want to give them a special thanks and gratitude. 
I hope that we can get this bill across 
the floor this year. 
We have also worked closely with 
leadership—the gentleman from Texas, Chairman M
CCAUL; the gentleman from 
Virginia, Chairman G OODLATTE —and 
the Senate Intelligence Committee to ensure that our bills complement each other. 
The Protecting Cyber Networks Act 
addresses a core problem in our digital security infrastructure. Because of legal ambiguities, many companies are afraid to share information about cyber threats with each other or with the government. If a company sees some threat or attack, this bill will allow the company to quickly report information about the problem without fearing a lawsuit so that other compa-nies can take measures to protect themselves. 
The bill encourages three kinds of 
sharing: private-to-private, govern-ment-to-private, and private-to-gov-ernment. In that third scenario, the bill allows companies to share cyber threat information with a variety of government agencies. If banks are comfortable sharing with the Treasury Department, they can share with Treasury. If utilities prefer sharing with the Department of Energy, they can share with Energy. If companies want to share with the Department of Homeland Security, the Justice De-partment, or the Commerce Depart-ment, they can share with them. 
The only sharing that this bill does 
not encourage is direct sharing to the Department of Defense or the National Security Agency. Companies can still share with DOD and NSA, but they will not receive any new liability protec-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.014 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2382 April 22, 2015 
This bill does not provide the govern-
ment with any new surveillance au-thorities. To the contrary, it includes robust privacy protections. It only au-thorizes the sharing of cyber threat in-dicators and defensive measures: tech-nical information like malware signa-tures and malicious code. 
Before companies share with the Fed-
eral Government, they must remove all personal information. If companies don’t follow those requirements, there is no liability protection. Furthermore, a government agency that receives the information must scrub it a second time. This will ensure all personal in-formation has been removed. Only then can the information be forwarded to other Federal agencies. 
Finally, the bill provides for strong 
public and congressional oversight by requiring a detailed biennial inspectors general report relating to the govern-ment’s receipt, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators. The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board must also submit a biennial report on the privacy and civil liberties impact of the bill. 
The increasing pace and scope of 
cyber attacks cannot be ignored. This bill will strengthen our digital defenses so that American consumers and busi-nesses will not be put at the mercy of cyber criminals. I look forward to pass-ing this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1560, the Pro-
tecting Cyber Networks Act. At some point, we need to stop just hearing about cyber attacks that steal our most valuable trade secrets and our most private information and actually do something to stop it. At some point, we need to stop talking about the next Sony, the next Anthem, the next Tar-get, the next JPMorgan Chase, and the next State Department hack and actu-ally pass a bill that will help ensure that there will be no next cyber attack. 
A few weeks back, the House Intel-
ligence Committee held an open hear-ing on the cyber threat to America’s private sector. We heard from our wit-nesses that their businesses are cyber attacked billions of times a day—not thousands, not millions, but billions. 
The threat to our economy, our jobs, 
and our privacy from not acting is massive, and it is certain. We see it happening all around us. So we must act now. That is why I am proud to support this bill. 
The Protecting Cyber Networks Act 
provides for voluntary information sharing of cyber threats between and among the private and public sectors. It does what no executive order can do: it incentivizes cyber threat informa-tion sharing by providing limited li-ability protection. Now companies can pool their resources and say to one an-other: I found this malicious code or this virus in my system; you need to protect yourself against it as well. And now the government can better warn companies of an impending cyber at-
tack, just as it can for an approaching hurricane or an impending flu out-break. 
But let me be very clear about this: 
to get the liability protection, a com-pany that chooses to participate must remove any unrelated private informa-tion prior to sharing. This is something privacy advocates and I called for when previous information-sharing bills came before the House. 
Unlike prior bills, this measure re-
quires the private sector to strip out private information. In fact, the bill has two, not one, privacy scrubs. The first happens when a company shares with another company or the Federal Government, and the second happens when the Federal Government shares the information further. This bill even holds the government directly liable if it doesn’t do what it is required to do. 
Second, to get the liability protec-
tion, a private company wishing to share with the Federal Government must go through a civilian portal. To be clear: a company can’t go directly to the DOD or NSA and get the bill’s li-ability protection. 
The lack of a civilian portal in pre-
vious bills was another key privacy group criticism, and this bill has re-solved that issue, too. In fact, of the five main criticisms of prior cyber bills, this bill has resolved each of them. It has private sector privacy stripping of information. It has a civil-ian portal. It also has narrow restric-tions on what the government can use that shared cyber threat information for. Gone is a national security use provision. Gone is a vague terrorism use provision. And what is left is only the most narrow of uses: to prevent cyber attacks, to prevent the loss of life, to prevent serious harm to a child, and to prevent other serious felonies. 
b1445 
Gone, too, is any question of whether 
offensive countermeasures or hack back is authorized. This bill makes clear that you cannot take anything but defensive actions to protect your networks and data. 
And, lest anyone be confused, Mr. 
Chairman, this bill makes clear in black-and-white legislative text that nothing in the bill authorizes govern-ment surveillance in this act—nothing. 
What this bill does is authorize vol-
untary, private sector sharing of cyber threat information, and it allows the government to be able to quickly share threat information with the private sector, just as we need a CDC to put out timely warnings and advice on how to counteract this year’s flu strain or how to prevent a local disease from be-coming an epidemic. In addition, the bill requires strong privacy and civil liberties guidelines and intense report-ing requirements. 
The bill before us today strikes the 
right balance between securing our networks and protecting our privacy, and addresses the privacy concerns that I, among others, raised last ses-
sion. However, there are still some im-provements that are yet to be made as the bill moves forward. In particular, we need to further clarify that our li-ability protection only extends to those who act, or fail to act, reason-ably. 
Before closing, I want to thank 
Chairman N
UNES for his leadership and 
for working so hard on this bill. It has been a great pleasure to work with you, Mr. Chairman. I am grateful for all of the hours, energy, and talent that you and your staff have put in to making this bill successful. I want to thank all the members of HPSCI as well as the Judiciary Committee and the Homeland Security Committee for working together on this. We had many differences in opinion, and we still have some, but we kept our eyes firmly on what is best for the American peo-ple as a whole. With that, we found ways to come together and produce a stronger bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I hope we can con-
tinue to work together as well with the Senate and with the White House and all the stakeholders to produce an even stronger bill for the President to sign into law. 
I also want to acknowledge the lead-
ership of our predecessors, D
UTCH RUP-
PERSBERGER and former HPSCI Chair-
man Mike Rogers. We have come this far in part because of the good work they did in the last couple of sessions. I also want to thank all those who came in to speak with us and provide their input in making this a better bill. 
Every day we delay more privacy is 
stolen, more jobs are lost, and more economic harm is done. Let’s stop sit-ting by and watching all of this hap-pen. Let’s do something. Let’s do what this administration has urged us to do and pass this bill. Let’s do it now. I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, at this 
time I would like to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ), who also is the chair-
man of the Subcommittee on NSA and Cybersecurity for the House Intel-ligence Committee. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Thank you, 
Chairman N
UNES . 
Madam Chairman, today I rise in 
support of H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. The bill encour-ages and protects information sharing on cyber threats between private com-panies and the government and private companies. The bill safeguards person-ally identifiable information from being exchanged during the process by requiring private companies and the government to both make sure that no private information is exchanged. 
My home State of Georgia is home to 
many companies that deal with and se-cure sensitive data on a daily basis, and they are constantly looking for better ways to protect their networks. 
After recent cyber attacks against 
American businesses, I have spoken to industry leaders from Georgia and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.042 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2383 April 22, 2015 
across the Nation about how we can 
make information sharing between the industries and the government strong-er to better protect our Nation. 
Cyberterrorism is the new battle-
field, and adapting to this warfare is crucial to eliminating these threats. By allowing American businesses to alert other companies and the govern-ment of specific threats, and only the threats, the Protecting Cyber Net-works Act can help shut down the cybercriminals from stealing sensitive information or causing devastating damage to our networks. 
The Protecting Cyber Networks Act 
is a bipartisan step forward in pro-tecting businesses and citizens from being the next victim of a cyber at-tack. This bill helps devastating cyber attacks from going unnoticed or only being shared months after the attack. 
Madam Chairman, I would like to 
thank Chairman N
UNES ; Ranking Mem-
ber S CHIFF ; the ranking member on the 
subcommittee, Mr. H IMES; and Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER for all the work that 
he has put into this, as well as former Chairman Rogers. I ask for a ‘‘yea’’ vote on this. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, it is a 
pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
UPPERS -
BERGER ), the former ranking member 
of the Intelligence Committee. 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Madam 
Chairman, I rise in support of the bi-partisan Protecting Cyber Networks Act and want to thank the members of the House Intelligence Committee for continuing to prioritize our Nation’s security over partisan rhetoric. I do want to say this: I want to thank Chairman N
UNES and also Ranking 
Member S CHIFF for acknowledging 
Chairman Rogers and me, but I want to remind you that it was a team ap-proach, and you two were very active in helping to bring this bill here today as we did before. So thank you for your leadership. It is well worth it, and it is refreshing to see this bipartisanship. 
Mr. NUNES. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. I yield to 
the gentleman from California. 
Mr. NUNES. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. I thanked you in my open-ing statement, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , 
but without your leadership and former Chairman Rogers’ leadership on this bill, we would not be here today. I am encouraged not only by your past sup-port, but then your taking the time to come down here to speak on this bill I think says a lot about you and your commitment to our national security and the security of our cyber networks. So thank you. 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Thank you, 
again, and thank you for your leader-ship. Now, this legislation is very simi-lar to the bill that Chairman Rogers and I introduced to promote informa-tion sharing between the private and public sectors, which is the single most important thing we can do to combat increasingly aggressive cyber attacks. Experts believe these attacks are 
costing American corporations billions of dollars each year. Target, Home Depot, and CareFirst are only the be-ginning. With Sony, we saw the first destructive attack in our country. It is only a matter of time before our crit-ical infrastructure is targeted. What would happen if someone were to take out our electrical grid or 911 call cen-ters or air traffic control? It goes on and on. 
Voluntary information sharing 
among companies helps our companies defend themselves. Voluntary, two-way information sharing with the Federal Government helps improve our ability to protect America against foreign 
cyber threats by getting out more and better information faster. 
There are some concerns I have, as 
anyone has in any bill, between the bill and the bill Chairman Rogers and I in-troduced which passed the House. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F
OXX). The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. However, I 
feel it is important to reach consensus and move this issue forward now. Our country continues to be cyber at-tacked. We are under attack as I speak. To do nothing is not an option. 
I want to thank again the leadership 
of Chairman N
UNES and Ranking Mem-
ber S CHIFF for their leadership and for 
the entire committee coming together for this bill, and I ask my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, at this 
time I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), the 
chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, who, without his strong leadership and support, we wouldn’t be at this juncture today getting a bill passed today and tomorrow that will hopefully become law. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Madam Chair, I rise 
today in strong support of H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. I would like to first thank Chairman N
UNES for his great leadership and col-
laboration with my committee and Ju-diciary on this bill, and also the rank-ing member, A
DAM SCHIFF , a good 
friend as well, for his great work in the direction that this bill has gone. I think it has gone in the right direc-tion. Also I know former Ranking 
Member D
UTCH RUPPERSBERGER was 
here. I want to thank him for his lead-ership over the many years on this im-portant issue of cybersecurity. 
Madam Chair, this legislation comes 
at a critical time of rising cyber threats and attacks on our digital net-works. Cyber breaches and attacks are affecting Americans’ privacy, security, and prosperity. Individuals are having their most private information com-promised. Businesses are seeing their intellectual property stolen and their networks damaged. 
The Federal Government’s sensitive 
information is being targeted. The country’s critical infrastructure is being probed by foreign enemies. Detecting and defending against 
these digital assaults requires timely and robust information sharing be-tween the public and private sectors. 
This exchange of data is crucial to con-necting the dots, identifying cyber at-tacks, and shutting them down. 
The Protecting Cyber Networks Act 
will enable private companies to share cyber threat information on a vol-untary basis with the Federal Govern-ment. This bill provides essential li-ability protection for sharing cyber threat indicators through trusted civil-ian agency portals. 
Again, Madam Chair, I commend 
Chairman N
UNES for his important 
work on this bill and thank him for his great partnership in working together to have these two complementary bills, as tomorrow I will bring to the floor a pro-security, pro-privacy bill, the Na-tional Cybersecurity Protection Ad-vancement Act of 2015, which further reinforces the role of the Department of Homeland Security’s National Cy-bersecurity and Communications Inte-gration Center as the hub for cyber threat information sharing. 
Chairman N
UNES and I have worked 
in lockstep to remove obstacles pre-venting greater cyber threat informa-tion sharing across the private and public sectors. I commend the staff on both sides of the aisle, who have oper-ated in tandem as we crafted these cy-bersecurity bills. I would also like to acknowledge Chairman G
OODLATTE for 
devising the House’s standard liability exemption language for this week’s cy-bersecurity bill. 
These bills represent a unified front 
in the House for strengthening cyberse-curity while ensuring Americans’ pri-vacy, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this measure. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, it gives 
me great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to Mr. H
IMES, one of our subcommittee 
ranking members on the Intelligence Committee and the Representative from Connecticut. 
Mr. HIMES. Madam Chairwoman, I 
would like to thank my friend from California for yielding time and start by saying that I am thrilled to be standing here to urge support for the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. I would like to thank and congratulate Chairman N
UNES , Ranking Member 
SCHIFF , and the chairman of the sub-
committee on which I serve as ranking member, Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , for com-
ing together at a time when this Con-gress is accused, often rightly so, of being dysfunctional to take a very sub-stantial step to secure the networks on which so much of our lives today de-pend. 
As ranking member of the Cybersecu-
rity Subcommittee, my daily travels every single day expose me to people who say the single most important thing we as a Congress can do today to advance the security of our networks, to protect Americans, their financial records, their health records and, of course, even more ominously, to pro-tect them against potential attack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.044 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2384 April 22, 2015 
against our utilities and any sort of 
thing that our antagonists around the world would seek to do to us, the single most important thing we can do is to do what we are doing today, which is to set up a rubric whereby the very good people within the private sector who focus on this day in and day out can communicate threats to each other and communicate with the experts within the United States Government to work as a team to counter very, very serious threats. This rubric has been set up with ample attention and good atten-tion to the very legitimate privacy claims and the liberties that we all take so seriously. 
The stakes are high. We saw what 
happened at Sony. We saw what hap-pened at Anthem. We know all the at-tacks that have been leveled inter-nationally that destroyed computers. This is the reality that we live with, and this is a very big step, an informa-tion-sharing protocol that will counter those who wish us ill. 
I would note that the privacy protec-
tions in this bill are considerably bet-ter, as the chairman and ranking mem-ber have pointed out, than those that were in the bill of the last Congress. The objections of those who are focused on privacy have been dealt with point by point. And while I won’t say that the bill is perfect, this bill does what it needs to do to protect the privacy of the American people by obligating ev-eryone to work hard to scrub person-ally identifiable information from any code, any information that is ex-changed. 
I have learned in my 6 years here 
that we don’t produce perfection, and it is my hope that as this bill proceeds through the legislative path that we will work even harder to make sure we are very clear about definitions and, in fact, are protecting the privacy rights of Americans as best as we can. But in the meantime we have taken a very big step forward in a bipartisan fashion in a way that will make America, its peo-ple, and its networks more secure. For that, I am grateful to the leadership and urge support of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ), another of 
our ranking members on the Intel-ligence Committee and a colleague from California. 
b1500 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. 
Madam Chair, I want to thank our ranking member and also the chair for bringing forward this bipartisan and necessary legislation. 
As we speak right now, Americans 
are under attack, and these attacks are not coming in the form of anything that we have been used to before. Peo-ple are not kicking down front doors of homes and businesses; instead, they are attacking us through our networks. 
Our bank accounts, our health care records, our social media accounts, our cell phones, all are being hacked every day. 
CNN reported that, in 2014, half of the 
Nation’s adults were hacked. The ex-amples are voluminous: 70 million Tar-get customers were hacked; 56 million Home Depot customers were hacked; 4.6 million Snapchat users were hacked. This is Snapchat, which is sup-posed to be an impenetrable account that allows data to come in and dis-appear. They were hacked. Hackings are happening every day. Our privacy is under attack. 
The problem, today, there is vir-
tually zero relationship between pri-vate industry and government—private industry, which has about 85 percent of the networks, and government, which has about 15 percent of the networks but has vast resources that can help protect individuals against attacks. 
Our government has a duty, a respon-
sibility, to protect the American peo-ple, and that is what this bill seeks to do. It does it in a number of ways. 
First and foremost, this is a vol-
untary program that is being created. No business is required to turn over their breach or hack information to the government; instead, there is a for-mat, a procedure, that is now in place that will incentivize them to work with the government to identify in a way that strips out, through a number of protections, personal identifying in-formation. 
The first way that it is stripped out 
is, when the business that has been hacked reports to a civilian agency, they must scrub the personal identi-fying information; but that is not the only way that that information is scrubbed. 
Once the government agency receives 
this personal identifying information, again, before it can be used or for-warded anywhere else in the govern-ment, it, again, must be scrubbed—two protections against personal identi-fying information being used. 
Now, should any personal identifying 
information be passed along to the gov-ernment, this bill provides a right of action, civil recourse for any indi-
vidual who is wronged to sue the gov-ernment. There is also an oversight committee, a biannual inspector gen-eral report that must be presented to Congress that would report on any pri-vacy violations that occur. 
Madam Chair, the American people, 
day after day, are either learning that they have been hacked or someone they know has been hacked. This will continue to have a devastating effect on our economy and, as my colleague from Connecticut alluded to, perhaps our public utilities if we do not act. 
I urge support of this for my col-
leagues, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for the hard work they have done. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Ms. S
EWELL ), another one of the 
ranking members on the Intelligence Committee and a great Member. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam 
Chair, I would like to thank Ranking Member A
DAM SCHIFF , as well as our 
chair, Chairman N UNES , for your lead-
ership on this matter. 
Today, I rise in support of H.R. 1560, 
the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, a bill that I am proud to be an original cosponsor, a bill that was unanimously voted out of our committee, the Intel Committee. 
Again, I want to commend both the 
chairman and the ranking member for their leadership. It is an honor to serve on that committee where we really try, on a daily basis, to be bipartisan in our efforts to protect the homeland and to secure our national security. 
This critical bill is bipartisan legisla-
tion, which encourages the private sec-tor to share cyber threat information, which will ultimately help prevent fu-ture attacks. It seems like we are al-ways hearing about another company being hit with cyber attacks. 
These attacks cost our economy bil-
lions of dollars each year, and it threatens our national security and jeopardizes every American’s sensitive, personal, and financial information. 
This bill takes a very important step 
towards addressing this emerging na-tional security threat without compro-mising the privacy of American citi-zens. 
Fostering an environment where 
companies can voluntarily share infor-
mation with each other helps American businesses defend themselves against harmful cyber attacks and helps them protect consumer information and pri-vacy. 
Additionally, two-way information 
sharing with the Federal Government helps improve the Federal Govern-ment’s ability to protect all Americans against foreign cyber threats by dis-seminating vital information in a more timely and efficient manner. 
I know some continue to criticize 
this cyber bill and all cyber bills as violating privacy, but I must assure you, Madam Chair, that this bill is a vast improvement over the CISPA bill that was entered and passed this House last term. 
This bill includes many more privacy 
protections that weren’t in the original bill, the most important of which is the requirement for two scrubs of private information, one by the private sector before sharing that information and one by the government before sharing it further. 
There is also now a civilian portal— 
no direct sharing with NSA—a very narrow set of government use provi-sions, and a clear and legislative prohi-bition against such surveillance. Let me repeat: no provision of this bill pro-vides any surveillance authorities. 
I am encouraged by the strong show-
ing of bipartisanship as we work to-gether to address the emerging threats 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.045 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2385 April 22, 2015 
to our national security. I urge my col-
leagues to join those of us who are members of the Intel Committee, as well as this administration has said that it also encourages a vote in sup-port of this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
efforts and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1560. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, at this 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ). 
Mr. TROTT. Madam Chair, I want to 
thank the gentleman from California for allowing me to speak in support of this bill. 
Today, I rise concerned about the 
need for stronger cybersecurity efforts in our country. We live in a world where personal data flows through the Internet with great speed and data about people is gathered in an instant. The use of social media has opened up our lives to anyone with a computing device, and this is the same world where hackers steal millions of per-sonal records from people in our dis-tricts. 
I would venture to guess that most 
Members of Congress have been af-fected by hackers. Internet criminals pose dire threats to our governments on the local, State, and Federal level. The Federal Government has extensive resources to put up a fight, but our local governments and municipalities do not. 
In response, five southeast Michigan 
counties—Livingston, Monroe, Oak-land, Washtenaw, and Wayne—and the State of Michigan came together to build the Cyber Security Assessment for Everyone. CySAFE, as it is known, provides a strong point for govern-ments to begin assessing their cyberse-curity needs and taking steps to re-spond to attacks. The assessment is a simple Excel download located at www.g2gmarket.com. 
Madam Chair, I commend these local 
Michigan governments for committing the resources to develop such a tool. I encourage all of my colleagues to pro-mote the use of CySAFE and to work together to find the right solutions to fight cyber crime, starting with pass-ing H.R. 1560. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ), who is a former member of the 
Intelligence Committee and one of the Congress’ leading experts on cyber matters. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Chair, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Chair, this has been a long 
time in coming. When I served on the Intelligence Committee the past two Congresses, I worked very closely with Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member R
UPPERSBERGER on CISPA, and their 
legacy is very evident in this fine bill. 
I would, however, like to commend 
Chairman N UNES and Ranking Member 
SCHIFF for rising to the challenge as 
the new leaders of the House Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence and producing an even better product, particularly with regard to privacy 
protections. 
PCNA, as it is known, also provides 
statutory authorization for the CTIIC, an important new center the President has created to provide comprehensive assessments of cyber threats. 
This bill before us certainly isn’t per-
fect. The liability protections, while generally narrow, could still be con-strued to project a company’s failure to act on threat indicators. It is impor-tant that my friends in this Chamber understand that information sharing is not a silver bullet. 
There will still be important work to 
be done to improve our Nation’s cyber defenses, but I can say, with great con-fidence, passing an information-shar-ing bill will get us significantly closer to being much more secure in cyber-space than where we are right now, particularly when it comes to pro-tecting critical infrastructure. 
However, after studying this issue for 
the better part of a decade, I can firmly say that this bill marks a meaningful step forward. 
Let me, again, congratulate the 
chairman and the ranking member for continuing with this bipartisan spirit that has long animated the Intel-
ligence Committee’s cybersecurity work. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bill. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Every moment we wait equals an-
other Social Security number stolen, another checking account hacked, an-other invaluable trade secret pilfered, and another job lost. This is certain. We see it every day. 
Many of us and our constituents, 
both individuals and businesses, have been the victim of a cyber crime. Whether it is identity theft, the hack-ing of our email or Facebook accounts, or the loss of our privacy, when our health insurance company is breached, we have our privacy invaded. 
All of us are certainly paying higher 
fees to compensate for the billions of dollars our businesses lose to cyber hacking and to the costs of preventing future cyber attacks. The problem is only getting worse. As our cars, our phones, our home security systems, our Internet banking, our electronic health records, our web-based baby monitors all get smarter, they also get more vul-nerable. 
This isn’t speculation. This is hap-
pening today. It is happening right now. On the time that we have been on the floor discussing this cyber bill, bil-lions of additional hacking attempts have been made. 
Here, we have the opportunity to 
help stop this scourge of cyber hack-ing. We need to encourage cyber threat information sharing by passing the Protecting Cyber Networks Act today and then not resting until it improves on its way to the President’s desk for signature. I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
important measure. It is a bill that will help protect America’s most valu-able and private information, while itself protecting privacy and civil lib-erties to a degree far in advance of where prior legislation has gone. I and my colleagues have made sure of that, and we will continue to do so as the bill advances. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I will close by just taking a few mo-
ments to thank my ranking member and colleague from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) for his fine work on this prod-
uct. 
I also would be remiss not to thank, 
on both sides of the aisle, the staff that have worked hours and hours and hours to make the legislation from last Con-gress even better and then, as Mr. M
CCAULsaid, to work with the Judici-
ary Committee and the Homeland Se-curity Committee so that we have a product that I think is much better than the product that we have had in the past. 
We have been in consultations with 
the United States Senate. They have passed their bill out of committee. We look forward to, hopefully, their pass-ing a bill off the Senate floor so that we can get to a conference. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to oppose to H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Network Act (PCNA). While I commend Chairman N
UNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF  
for crafting a bill that improves upon the cyber-security legislation this body has previously voted on, I cannot support it in its current form. 
Despite addressing many of the reserva-
tions I had when we voted on the Cyber Intel-ligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) last Congress, I have concerns about the am-biguous liability provisions in this legislation. While companies should have some legal pro-tection, this bill gives liability protections to companies so long as they share or receive information ‘‘in accordance with the Act.’’ It would grant immunity to companies for simply putting forth a ‘‘good faith’’ effort when report-ing security threats and sharing consumer data with the government and other compa-nies. For example, companies would receive liability protection even if they fail to act on threat information in a timely manner. The un-intended effect of these murky liability provi-sions is that companies would not have the same incentive to report security threats and protect their consumers’ privacy. I was dis-appointed that Republicans did not allow a vote on two amendments offered by Rep. R
ICHMOND than would have addressed these 
overbroad liability provisions. 
Our country faces cyber-network attacks 
each day which threaten our national security and our economy. I strongly believe that we must take steps to protect against these cyber threats while not sacrificing our privacy and civil liberties. Should this bill pass the House, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.046 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2386 April 22, 2015 
I hope that many of the loopholes can be re-
solved with the Senate, but as it stands today I cannot support it. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the committee amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1560 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Protecting Cyber Networks Act’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Sharing of cyber threat indicators and 
defensive measures by the Federal Government with non-Federal en-tities. 
Sec. 3. Authorizations for preventing, detecting, 
analyzing, and mitigating cyber-security threats. 
Sec. 4. Sharing of cyber threat indicators and 
defensive measures with appro-priate Federal entities other than the Department of Defense or the National Security Agency. 
Sec. 5. Federal Government liability for viola-
tions of privacy or civil liberties. 
Sec. 6. Protection from liability. Sec. 7. Oversight of Government activities. Sec. 8. Report on cybersecurity threats. Sec. 9. Construction and preemption. Sec. 10. Conforming amendments. Sec. 11. Definitions. 
SEC. 2. SHARING OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS 
AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT WITH NON- FEDERAL ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the National Secu-
rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is amend-ed by inserting after section 110 (50 U.S.C. 3045) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 111. SHARING OF CYBER THREAT INDICA-
TORS AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT WITH NON-FEDERAL ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) S HARING BY THE FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with the protec-
tion of classified information, intelligence sources and methods, and privacy and civil lib-erties, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the heads of the other appro-priate Federal entities, shall develop and pro-mulgate procedures to facilitate and promote— 
‘‘(A) the timely sharing of classified cyber 
threat indicators in the possession of the Fed-eral Government with representatives of rel-evant non-Federal entities with appropriate se-curity clearances; 
‘‘(B) the timely sharing with relevant non- 
Federal entities of cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government that may be declassified and shared at an unclassified level; and 
‘‘(C) the sharing with non-Federal entities, if 
appropriate, of information in the possession of the Federal Government about imminent or on-going cybersecurity threats to such entities to 
prevent or mitigate adverse impacts from such cybersecurity threats. 
‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES .—The pro-
cedures developed and promulgated under para-graph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure the Federal Government has and 
maintains the capability to share cyber threat indicators in real time consistent with the pro-tection of classified information; 
‘‘(B) incorporate, to the greatest extent prac-
ticable, existing processes and existing roles and responsibilities of Federal and non-Federal enti-ties for information sharing by the Federal Gov-ernment, including sector-specific information sharing and analysis centers; 
‘‘(C) include procedures for notifying non- 
Federal entities that have received a cyber threat indicator from a Federal entity in accord-ance with this Act that is known or determined to be in error or in contravention of the require-ments of this section, the Protecting Cyber Net-works Act, or the amendments made by such Act or another provision of Federal law or policy of such error or contravention; 
‘‘(D) include requirements for Federal entities 
receiving a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to implement appropriate security con-trols to protect against unauthorized access to, or acquisition of, such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; 
‘‘(E) include procedures that require Federal 
entities, prior to the sharing of a cyber threat indicator, to— 
‘‘(i) review such cyber threat indicator to as-
sess whether such cyber threat indicator, in contravention of the requirement under section 3(d)(2) of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, contains any information that such Federal en-tity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information of or information identifying a spe-cific person not directly related to a cybersecu-rity threat and remove such information; or 
‘‘(ii) implement a technical capability config-
ured to remove or exclude any personal informa-tion of or information identifying a specific per-son not directly related to a cybersecurity threat; and 
‘‘(F) include procedures to promote the effi-
cient granting of security clearances to appro-priate representatives of non-Federal entities. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘appropriate Federal entities’, ‘cyber threat in-dicator’, ‘defensive measure’, ‘Federal entity’, and ‘non-Federal entity’ have the meaning given such terms in section 11 of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act.’’. 
(b) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the heads of the other appro-priate Federal entities, shall submit to Congress the procedures required by section 111(a) of the National Security Act of 1947, as inserted by subsection (a) of this section. 
(c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in the first section of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 110 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 111. Sharing of cyber threat indicators 
and defensive measures by the Federal Government with non- Federal entities.’’. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PREVENTING, DE-
TECTING, ANALYZING, AND MITI-GATING CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION FOR PRIVATE -SECTOR DE-
FENSIVE MONITORING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a private entity may, for a cy-bersecurity purpose, monitor— 
(A) an information system of such private en-
tity; 
(B) an information system of a non-Federal 
entity or a Federal entity, upon the written au-thorization of such non-Federal entity or such Federal entity; and (C) information that is stored on, processed 
by, or transiting an information system mon-itored by the private entity under this para-graph. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to— 
(A) authorize the monitoring of an informa-
tion system, or the use of any information ob-tained through such monitoring, other than as provided in this Act; 
(B) authorize the Federal Government to con-
duct surveillance of any person; or 
(C) limit otherwise lawful activity. (b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR OPERATION OF DEFEN-
SIVEMEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2) and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a private entity may, for a cyberse-curity purpose, operate a defensive measure that is operated on and is limited to— 
(A) an information system of such private en-
tity to protect the rights or property of the pri-vate entity; and 
(B) an information system of a non-Federal 
entity or a Federal entity upon written author-ization of such non-Federal entity or such Fed-eral entity for operation of such defensive meas-ure to protect the rights or property of such pri-vate entity, such non-Federal entity, or such Federal entity. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The authority provided in 
paragraph (1) does not include the intentional or reckless operation of any defensive measure that destroys, renders unusable or inaccessible (in whole or in part), substantially harms, or initiates a new action, process, or procedure on an information system or information stored on, processed by, or transiting such information sys-tem not owned by— 
(A) the private entity operating such defensive 
measure; or 
(B) a non-Federal entity or a Federal entity 
that has provided written authorization to that private entity for operation of such defensive measure on the information system or informa-tion of the entity in accordance with this sub-section. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the use of a defensive meas-
ure other than as provided in this subsection; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. (c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR SHARING OR RECEIV -
INGCYBER THREAT INDICATORS OR DEFENSIVE  
MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2) and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a non-Federal entity may, for a cy-bersecurity purpose and consistent with the re-quirement under subsection (d)(2) to remove per-sonal information of or information identifying a specific person not directly related to a cyber-security threat and the protection of classified information— 
(A) share a lawfully obtained cyber threat in-
dicator or defensive measure with any other non-Federal entity or an appropriate Federal entity (other than the Department of Defense or any component of the Department, including the National Security Agency); and 
(B) receive a cyber threat indicator or defen-
sive measure from any other non-Federal entity or an appropriate Federal entity. 
(2) L
AWFUL RESTRICTION .—A non-Federal en-
tity receiving a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure from another non-Federal entity or a Federal entity shall comply with otherwise lawful restrictions placed on the sharing or use of such cyber threat indicator or defensive meas-ure by the sharing non-Federal entity or Fed-eral entity. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to— 
(A) authorize the sharing or receiving of a 
cyber threat indicator or defensive measure other than as provided in this subsection; 
(B) authorize the sharing or receiving of clas-
sified information by or with any person not au-thorized to access such classified information; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.026 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2387 April 22, 2015 
(C) prohibit any Federal entity from engaging 
in formal or informal technical discussion re-garding cyber threat indicators or defensive measures with a non-Federal entity or from pro-viding technical assistance to address vulnerabilities or mitigate threats at the request of such an entity; 
(D) limit otherwise lawful activity; (E) prohibit a non-Federal entity, if author-
ized by applicable law or regulation other than this Act, from sharing a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure with the Department of Defense or any component of the Department, including the National Security Agency; or 
(F) authorize the Federal Government to con-
duct surveillance of any person. 
(d) P
ROTECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION .— 
(1) S ECURITY OF INFORMATION .—A non-Fed-
eral entity monitoring an information system, operating a defensive measure, or providing or receiving a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under this section shall implement an appropriate security control to protect against unauthorized access to, or acquisition of, such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure. 
(2) R
EMOVAL OF CERTAIN PERSONAL INFORMA -
TION.—A non-Federal entity sharing a cyber 
threat indicator pursuant to this Act shall, prior to such sharing, take reasonable efforts to— 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator to as-
sess whether such cyber threat indicator con-tains any information that the non-Federal en-tity reasonably believes at the time of sharing to be personal information of or information iden-tifying a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat and remove such informa-tion; or 
(B) implement a technical capability config-
ured to remove any information contained with-in such indicator that the non-Federal entity reasonably believes at the time of sharing to be personal information of or information identi-fying a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(3) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS AND DE -
FENSIVE MEASURES BY NON -FEDERAL ENTITIES .— 
A non-Federal entity may, for a cybersecurity purpose— 
(A) use a cyber threat indicator or defensive 
measure shared or received under this section to monitor or operate a defensive measure on— 
(i) an information system of such non-Federal 
entity; or 
(ii) an information system of another non- 
Federal entity or a Federal entity upon the written authorization of that other non-Federal entity or that Federal entity; and 
(B) otherwise use, retain, and further share 
such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure subject to— 
(i) an otherwise lawful restriction placed by 
the sharing non-Federal entity or Federal entity on such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; or 
(ii) an otherwise applicable provision of law. (4) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS BY  
STATE , TRIBAL , OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT USE .—A State, tribal, 
or local government may use a cyber threat indi-cator shared with such State, tribal, or local government for the purposes described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of section 4(d)(5)(A). 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—A cyber 
threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this section shall be— 
(i) deemed voluntarily shared information; 
and 
(ii) exempt from disclosure under any State, 
tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of infor-mation or records, except as otherwise required by applicable State, tribal, or local law requir-ing disclosure in any criminal prosecution. 
(e) N
ORIGHT OR BENEFIT .—The sharing of a 
cyber threat indicator with a non-Federal entity under this Act shall not create a right or benefit to similar information by such non-Federal enti-ty or any other non-Federal entity. SEC. 4. SHARING OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS 
AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES WITH APPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES OTHER THAN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OR THE NATIONAL SECU-RITY AGENCY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR POLICIES AND PROCE-
DURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 111 of the National 
Security Act of 1947, as inserted by section 2 of this Act, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(b) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR SHARING  
WITH THE APPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES  
OTHER THAN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OR  
THENATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The President shall de-
velop and submit to Congress policies and proce-dures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indi-cators and defensive measures by the Federal Government. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS CONCERNING POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—The policies and procedures re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) be developed in accordance with the pri-
vacy and civil liberties guidelines required under section 4(b) of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act; 
‘‘(B) ensure that— ‘‘(i) a cyber threat indicator shared by a non- 
Federal entity with an appropriate Federal enti-ty (other than the Department of Defense or any component of the Department, including the National Security Agency) pursuant to sec-tion 3 of such Act is shared in real-time with all of the appropriate Federal entities (including all relevant components thereof); 
‘‘(ii) the sharing of such cyber threat indi-
cator with appropriate Federal entities is not subject to any delay, modification, or any other action without good cause that could impede re-ceipt by all of the appropriate Federal entities; and 
‘‘(iii) such cyber threat indicator is provided 
to each other Federal entity to which such cyber threat indicator is relevant; and 
‘‘(C) ensure there— ‘‘(i) is an audit capability; and ‘‘(ii) are appropriate sanctions in place for of-
ficers, employees, or agents of a Federal entity who knowingly and willfully use a cyber threat indicator or defense measure shared with the Federal Government by a non-Federal entity under the Protecting Cyber Networks Act other than in accordance with this section and such Act.’’. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—The President shall submit 
to Congress— 
(A) not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, interim policies and pro-cedures required under section 111(b)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947, as inserted by paragraph (1) of this section; and 
(B) not later than 180 days after such date, 
final policies and procedures required under such section 111(b)(1). 
(b) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES .— 
(1) G UIDELINES OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .—The 
Attorney General, in consultation with the heads of the other appropriate Federal agencies and with officers designated under section 1062 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), shall develop and periodically review guidelines relat-ing to privacy and civil liberties that govern the receipt, retention, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity ob-tained in accordance with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
(2) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed and 
reviewed under paragraph (1) shall, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cyberse-curity threats— 
(A) limit the impact on privacy and civil lib-
erties of activities by the Federal Government under this Act, including guidelines to ensure 
that personal information of or information identifying specific persons is properly removed from information received, retained, used, or disseminated by a Federal entity in accordance with this Act or the amendments made by this Act; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and dis-
semination of cyber threat indicators containing personal information of or information identi-fying specific persons, including by estab-lishing— 
(i) a process for the prompt destruction of 
such information that is known not to be di-rectly related to a use for a cybersecurity pur-pose; 
(ii) specific limitations on the length of any 
period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; and 
(iii) a process to inform recipients that such 
indicators may only be used for a cybersecurity purpose; 
(C) include requirements to safeguard cyber 
threat indicators containing personal informa-tion of or identifying specific persons from un-authorized access or acquisition, including ap-propriate sanctions for activities by officers, em-ployees, or agents of the Federal Government in contravention of such guidelines; 
(D) include procedures for notifying non-Fed-
eral entities and Federal entities if information received pursuant to this section is known or de-termined by a Federal entity receiving such in-formation not to constitute a cyber threat indi-cator; 
(E) be consistent with any other applicable 
provisions of law and the fair information prac-tice principles set forth in appendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trust-ed Identities in Cyberspace’’ and published by the President in April, 2011; and 
(F) include steps that may be needed so that 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators is con-sistent with the protection of classified informa-tion and other sensitive national security infor-mation. 
(3) S
UBMISSION .—The Attorney General shall 
submit to Congress— 
(A) not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, interim guidelines re-quired under paragraph (1); and 
(B) not later than 180 days after such date, 
final guidelines required under such paragraph. 
(c) N
ATIONAL CYBER THREAT INTELLIGENCE  
INTEGRATION CENTER .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Title I of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is further amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 119B as section 
119C; and 
(B) by inserting after section 119A the fol-
lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 119B. CYBER THREAT INTELLIGENCE INTE-
GRATION CENTER. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is within the Of-
fice of the Director of National Intelligence a Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center. 
‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .—There is a Director of the 
Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center, who shall be the head of the Cyber Threat Intel-ligence Integration Center, and who shall be ap-pointed by the Director of National Intelligence. 
‘‘(c) P
RIMARY MISSIONS .—The Cyber Threat 
Intelligence Integration Center shall— 
‘‘(1) serve as the primary organization within 
the Federal Government for analyzing and inte-grating all intelligence possessed or acquired by the United States pertaining to cyber threats; 
‘‘(2) ensure that appropriate departments and 
agencies have full access to and receive all- source intelligence support needed to execute the cyber threat intelligence activities of such agencies and to perform independent, alter-native analyses; 
‘‘(3) disseminate cyber threat analysis to the 
President, the appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government, and the appropriate committees of Congress; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.018 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2388 April 22, 2015 
‘‘(4) coordinate cyber threat intelligence ac-
tivities of the departments and agencies of the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(5) conduct strategic cyber threat intelligence 
planning for the Federal Government. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS .—The Cyber Threat Intel-
ligence Integration Center shall— 
‘‘(1) have not more than 50 permanent posi-
tions; 
‘‘(2) in carrying out the primary missions of 
the Center described in subsection (c), may not augment staffing through detailees, assignees, or core contractor personnel or enter into any personal services contracts to exceed the limita-tion under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(3) be located in a building owned or oper-
ated by an element of the intelligence commu-nity as of the date of the enactment of this sec-tion.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENTS .—The 
table of contents in the first section of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947, as amended by sec-tion 2 of this Act, is further amended by striking the item relating to section 119B and inserting the following new items: 
‘‘Sec. 119B. Cyber Threat Intelligence Integra-
tion Center. 
‘‘Sec. 119C. National intelligence centers.’’. 
(d) I
NFORMATION SHARED WITH OR PROVIDED  
TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(1) N O WAIVER OF PRIVILEGE OR PROTECTION .— 
The provision of a cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure to the Federal Government under this Act shall not constitute a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection provided by law, including trade secret protection. 
(2) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—Consistent 
with section 3(c)(2), a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure provided by a non-Federal entity to the Federal Government under this Act shall be considered the commercial, financial, and proprietary information of the non-Federal entity that is the originator of such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure when so des-ignated by such non-Federal entity or a non- Federal entity acting in accordance with the written authorization of the non-Federal entity that is the originator of such cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure. 
(3) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—A cyber 
threat indicator or defensive measure provided to the Federal Government under this Act shall be— 
(A) deemed voluntarily shared information 
and exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and any State, trib-al, or local law requiring disclosure of informa-tion or records; and 
(B) withheld, without discretion, from the 
public under section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local provision of law requiring disclosure of in-formation or records, except as otherwise re-quired by applicable Federal, State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure in any criminal prosecution. 
(4) E
X PARTE COMMUNICATIONS .—The provi-
sion of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to the Federal Government under this Act shall not be subject to a rule of any Federal department or agency or any judicial doctrine regarding ex parte communications with a deci-sion-making official. 
(5) D
ISCLOSURE , RETENTION , AND USE .— 
(A) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—A cyber threat 
indicator or defensive measure provided to the Federal Government under this Act may be dis-closed to, retained by, and used by, consistent with otherwise applicable provisions of Federal law, any department, agency, component, offi-cer, employee, or agent of the Federal Govern-ment solely for— 
(i) a cybersecurity purpose; (ii) the purpose of responding to, prosecuting, 
or otherwise preventing or mitigating a threat of death or serious bodily harm or an offense aris-ing out of such a threat; (iii) the purpose of responding to, or otherwise 
preventing or mitigating, a serious threat to a minor, including sexual exploitation and threats to physical safety; or 
(iv) the purpose of preventing, investigating, 
disrupting, or prosecuting any of the offenses listed in sections 1028, 1029, 1030, and 3559(c)(2)(F) and chapters 37 and 90 of title 18, United States Code. 
(B) P
ROHIBITED ACTIVITIES .—A cyber threat 
indicator or defensive measure provided to the Federal Government under this Act shall not be disclosed to, retained by, or used by any Federal department or agency for any use not permitted under subparagraph (A). 
(C) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES .—A cyber 
threat indicator or defensive measure provided to the Federal Government under this Act shall be retained, used, and disseminated by the Fed-eral Government in accordance with— 
(i) the policies and procedures relating to the 
receipt of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures by the Federal Government required by subsection (b) of section 111 of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by subsection (a) of this section; and 
(ii) the privacy and civil liberties guidelines 
required by subsection (b). 
SEC. 5. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT LIABILITY FOR 
VIOLATIONS OF PRIVACY OR CIVIL LIBERTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If a department or agency of 
the Federal Government intentionally or will-fully violates the privacy and civil liberties guidelines issued by the Attorney General under section 4(b), the United States shall be liable to a person injured by such violation in an amount equal to the sum of— 
(1) the actual damages sustained by the per-
son as a result of the violation or $1,000, which-ever is greater; and 
(2) reasonable attorney fees as determined by 
the court and other litigation costs reasonably incurred in any case under this subsection in which the complainant has substantially pre-vailed. 
(b) V
ENUE.—An action to enforce liability cre-
ated under this section may be brought in the district court of the United States in— 
(1) the district in which the complainant re-
sides; 
(2) the district in which the principal place of 
business of the complainant is located; 
(3) the district in which the department or 
agency of the Federal Government that violated such privacy and civil liberties guidelines is lo-cated; or 
(4) the District of Columbia. (c) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—No action shall 
lie under this subsection unless such action is commenced not later than two years after the date of the violation of the privacy and civil lib-erties guidelines issued by the Attorney General under section 4(b) that is the basis for the ac-tion. 
(d) E
XCLUSIVE CAUSE OF ACTION .—A cause of 
action under this subsection shall be the exclu-sive means available to a complainant seeking a remedy for a violation by a department or agen-cy of the Federal Government under this Act. 
SEC. 6. PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY. 
(a) M ONITORING OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS .— 
No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any private entity, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, for the moni-toring of an information system and information under section 3(a) that is conducted in good faith in accordance with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
(b) S
HARING OR RECEIPT OF CYBER THREAT IN-
DICATORS .—No cause of action shall lie or be 
maintained in any court against any non-Fed-eral entity, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, for the sharing or receipt of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under sec-tion 3(c), or a good faith failure to act based on such sharing or receipt, if such sharing or re-ceipt is conducted in good faith in accordance 
with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
(c) W
ILLFUL MISCONDUCT .— 
(1) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed— 
(A) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against a non-Federal entity (including a pri-vate entity) that has engaged in willful mis-conduct in the course of conducting activities authorized by this Act or the amendments made by this Act; or 
(B) to undermine or limit the availability of 
otherwise applicable common law or statutory defenses. 
(2) P
ROOF OF WILLFUL MISCONDUCT .—In any 
action claiming that subsection (a) or (b) does not apply due to willful misconduct described in paragraph (1), the plaintiff shall have the bur-den of proving by clear and convincing evidence the willful misconduct by each non-Federal en-tity subject to such claim and that such willful misconduct proximately caused injury to the plaintiff. 
(3) W
ILLFUL MISCONDUCT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘‘willful misconduct’’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
(A) intentionally to achieve a wrongful pur-
pose; 
(B) knowingly without legal or factual jus-
tification; and 
(C) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit. 
SEC. 7. OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) B IENNIAL REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 111 of the National 
Security Act of 1947, as added by section 2(a) and amended by section 4(a) of this Act, is fur-ther amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsection (c) (as redesig-
nated by such section 4(a)) as subsection (d); and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (b) (as in-
serted by such section 4(a)) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) B
IENNIAL REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than 
once every two years, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the heads of the other appropriate Federal entities, shall sub-mit to Congress a report concerning the imple-mentation of this section and the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines required by this section and section 4 of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act in ensuring that cyber threat indicators are shared effectively and re-sponsibly within the Federal Government. 
‘‘(B) An assessment of whether the procedures 
developed under section 3 of such Act comply with the goals described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(C) An assessment of whether cyber threat 
indicators have been properly classified and an accounting of the number of security clearances authorized by the Federal Government for the purposes of this section and such Act. 
‘‘(D) A review of the type of cyber threat indi-
cators shared with the Federal Government under this section and such Act, including the following: 
‘‘(i) The degree to which such information 
may impact the privacy and civil liberties of spe-cific persons. 
‘‘(ii) A quantitative and qualitative assess-
ment of the impact of the sharing of such cyber threat indicators with the Federal Government on privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
‘‘(iii) The adequacy of any steps taken by the 
Federal Government to reduce such impact. 
‘‘(E) A review of actions taken by the Federal 
Government based on cyber threat indicators shared with the Federal Government under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.018 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2389 April 22, 2015 
section or such Act, including the appropriate-
ness of any subsequent use or dissemination of such cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity under this section or section 4 of such Act. 
‘‘(F) A description of any significant viola-
tions of the requirements of this section or such Act by the Federal Government— 
‘‘(i) an assessment of all reports of officers, 
employees, and agents of the Federal Govern-ment misusing information provided to the Fed-eral Government under the Protecting Cyber Networks Act or this section, without regard to whether the misuse was knowing or wilful; and 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of all disciplinary actions 
taken against such officers, employees, and agents. 
‘‘(G) A summary of the number and type of 
non-Federal entities that received classified cyber threat indicators from the Federal Govern-ment under this section or such Act and an evaluation of the risks and benefits of sharing such cyber threat indicators. 
‘‘(H) An assessment of any personal informa-
tion of or information identifying a specific per-son not directly related to a cybersecurity threat that— 
‘‘(i) was shared by a non-Federal entity with 
the Federal Government under this Act in con-travention of section 3(d)(2); or 
‘‘(ii) was shared within the Federal Govern-
ment under this Act in contravention of the guidelines required by section 4(b). 
‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) may include such recommendations as the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities may have for improve-ments or modifications to the authorities and processes under this section or such Act. 
‘‘(4) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(5) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS .—The 
Director of National Intelligence shall make publicly available the unclassified portion of each report required by paragraph (1).’’. 
(2) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The first report required 
under subsection (c) of section 111 of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947, as inserted by para-graph (1) of this subsection, shall be submitted not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIB-
ERTIES .— 
(1) B IENNIAL REPORT FROM PRIVACY AND CIVIL  
LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1061(e) of the Intel-
ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) B
IENNIAL REPORT ON CERTAIN CYBER AC -
TIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall biennially submit to Congress and the President a report containing— 
‘‘(i) an assessment of the privacy and civil lib-
erties impact of the activities carried out under the Protecting Cyber Networks Act and the amendments made by such Act; and 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines established pursuant to section 4 of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act and the amendments made by such section 4 in addressing privacy and civil liberties concerns. 
‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under this paragraph may include such recommendations as the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board may have for improve-ments or modifications to the authorities under the Protecting Cyber Networks Act or the amendments made by such Act. 
‘‘(C) F
ORM.—Each report required under this 
paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS .—The 
Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall make publicly available the unclassified portion of each report required by subparagraph 
(A).’’. 
(B) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The first report required 
under paragraph (3) of section 1061(e) of the In-telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(e)), as added by sub-paragraph (A) of this paragraph, shall be sub-mitted not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) B
IENNIAL REPORT OF INSPECTORS GEN -
ERAL.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 2 years there-after, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Justice, and the In-spector General of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Council of Inspectors General on Financial Oversight, shall jointly submit to Congress a report on the receipt, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures that have been shared with Federal entities under this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under 
subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
(i) A review of the types of cyber threat indi-
cators shared with Federal entities. 
(ii) A review of the actions taken by Federal 
entities as a result of the receipt of such cyber threat indicators. 
(iii) A list of Federal entities receiving such 
cyber threat indicators. 
(iv) A review of the sharing of such cyber 
threat indicators among Federal entities to iden-tify inappropriate barriers to sharing informa-tion. 
(C) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under this paragraph may include such recommendations as the Inspectors General re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) may have for im-provements or modifications to the authorities under this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
(D) F
ORM.—Each report required under this 
paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(E) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS .—The 
Inspector General of the Department of Home-land Security, the Inspector General of the In-telligence Community, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice, and the Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall make publicly available the unclassified portion of each report required under subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 8. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in con-sultation with the heads of other appropriate elements of the intelligence community, shall submit to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report on cybersecurity threats, including cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of— (A) the current intelligence sharing and co-
operation relationships of the United States with other countries regarding cybersecurity threats (including cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches) directed against the United States that threaten the United States national secu-rity interests, economy, and intellectual prop-erty; and 
(B) the relative utility of such relationships, 
which elements of the intelligence community participate in such relationships, and whether and how such relationships could be improved. 
(2) A list and an assessment of the countries 
and non-state actors that are the primary threats of carrying out a cybersecurity threat (including a cyber attack, theft, or data breach) against the United States and that threaten the 
United States national security, economy, and intellectual property. 
(3) A description of the extent to which the 
capabilities of the United States Government to respond to or prevent cybersecurity threats (in-cluding cyber attacks, theft, or data breaches) directed against the United States private sector are degraded by a delay in the prompt notifica-tion by private entities of such threats or cyber attacks, theft, and breaches. 
(4) An assessment of additional technologies 
or capabilities that would enhance the ability of the United States to prevent and to respond to cybersecurity threats (including cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches). 
(5) An assessment of any technologies or prac-
tices utilized by the private sector that could be rapidly fielded to assist the intelligence commu-nity in preventing and responding to cybersecu-rity threats. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORT .—The 
Director of National Intelligence shall make publicly available the unclassified portion of the report required by subsection (a). 
(e) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 9. CONSTRUCTION AND PREEMPTION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION OF SURVEILLANCE .—Nothing 
in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to authorize the Department of Defense or the National Security Agency or any other element of the intelligence community to target a person for surveillance. 
(b) O
THERWISE LAWFUL DISCLOSURES .—Noth-
ing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to limit or prohibit— 
(1) otherwise lawful disclosures of communica-
tions, records, or other information, including reporting of known or suspected criminal activ-ity, by a non-Federal entity to any other non- Federal entity or the Federal Government; or 
(2) any otherwise lawful use of such disclo-
sures by any entity of the Federal government, without regard to whether such otherwise law-ful disclosures duplicate or replicate disclosures made under this Act. 
(c) W
HISTLE BLOWER PROTECTIONS .—Nothing 
in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to prohibit or limit the disclo-sure of information protected under section 2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code (gov-erning disclosures of illegality, waste, fraud, abuse, or public health or safety threats), sec-tion 7211 of title 5, United States Code (gov-erning disclosures to Congress), section 1034 of title 10, United States Code (governing disclo-sure to Congress by members of the military), or any similar provision of Federal or State law.. 
(d) P
ROTECTION OF SOURCES AND METHODS .— 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— 
(1) as creating any immunity against, or oth-
erwise affecting, any action brought by the Fed-eral Government, or any department or agency thereof, to enforce any law, executive order, or procedure governing the appropriate handling, disclosure, or use of classified information; 
(2) to affect the conduct of authorized law en-
forcement or intelligence activities; or 
(3) to modify the authority of the President or 
a department or agency of the Federal Govern-ment to protect and control the dissemination of classified information, intelligence sources and methods, and the national security of the United States. 
(e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—Nothing 
in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect any requirement under any other provision of law for a non-Fed-eral entity to provide information to the Federal Government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.018 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2390 April 22, 2015 
(f) I NFORMATION SHARING RELATIONSHIPS .— 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or modify an existing information- 
sharing relationship; 
(2) to prohibit a new information-sharing rela-
tionship; or 
(3) to require a new information-sharing rela-
tionship between any non-Federal entity and the Federal Government. 
(g) P
RESERVATION OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS AND RIGHTS .—Nothing in this Act or the 
amendments made by this Act shall be con-strued— 
(1) to amend, repeal, or supersede any current 
or future contractual agreement, terms of service agreement, or other contractual relationship be-tween any non-Federal entities, or between any non-Federal entity and a Federal entity; or 
(2) to abrogate trade secret or intellectual 
property rights of any non-Federal entity or Federal entity. 
(h) A
NTI-TASKING RESTRICTION .—Nothing in 
this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to permit the Federal Govern-ment— 
(1) to require a non-Federal entity to provide 
information to the Federal Government; 
(2) to condition the sharing of a cyber threat 
indicator with a non-Federal entity on such non-Federal entity’s provision of a cyber threat indicator to the Federal Government; or 
(3) to condition the award of any Federal 
grant, contract, or purchase on the provision of a cyber threat indicator to a Federal entity. 
(i) N
OLIABILITY FOR NON-PARTICIPATION .— 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to subject any non- Federal entity to liability for choosing not to en-gage in a voluntary activiy authorized in this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
(j) U
SE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .— 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to authorize, or to modify any existing authority of, a department or agency of the Federal Government to retain or use any information shared under this Act or the amendments made by this Act for any use other than permitted in this Act or the amend-ments made by this Act. 
(k) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—This Act and the amend-
ments made by this Act supersede any statute or other provision of law of a State or political sub-division of a State that restricts or otherwise ex-pressly regulates an activity authorized under this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
(2) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT .—Nothing in this 
Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to supersede any statute or other pro-vision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State concerning the use of authorized law enforcement practices and procedures. 
(l) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this 
Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— 
(1) to authorize the promulgation of any regu-
lations not specifically authorized by this Act or the amendments made by this Act; 
(2) to establish any regulatory authority not 
specifically established under this Act or the amendments made by this Act; or 
(3) to authorize regulatory actions that would 
duplicate or conflict with regulatory require-ments, mandatory standards, or related proc-esses under another provision of Federal law. 
SEC. 10. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘wells.’’ and 
inserting ‘‘wells; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) information shared with or provided to 
the Federal Government pursuant to the Pro-tecting Cyber Networks Act or the amendments 
made by such Act.’’. 
SEC. 11. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The 
term ‘‘appropriate Federal entities’’ means the following: 
(A) The Department of Commerce. (B) The Department of Defense. (C) The Department of Energy. (D) The Department of Homeland Security. (E) The Department of Justice. (F) The Department of the Treasury. (G) The Office of the Director of National In-
telligence. 
(3) C
YBERSECURITY PURPOSE .—The term ‘‘cy-
bersecurity purpose’’ means the purpose of pro-tecting (including through the use of a defensive measure) an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system from a cybersecurity threat or security vulnerability or identifying the source of a cybersecurity threat. 
(4) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ means an action, not protected by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States, on or through an information system that may result in an unauthorized effort to ad-versely impact the security, confidentiality, in-tegrity, or availability of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cybersecurity 
threat’’ does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of serv-ice or a consumer licensing agreement. 
(5) C
YBER THREAT INDICATOR .—The term 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ means information or a physical object that is necessary to describe or identify— 
(A) malicious reconnaissance, including 
anomalous patterns of communications that ap-pear to be transmitted for the purpose of gath-ering technical information related to a cyberse-curity threat or security vulnerability; 
(B) a method of defeating a security control or 
exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
(C) a security vulnerability, including anoma-
lous activity that appears to indicate the exist-ence of a security vulnerability; 
(D) a method of causing a user with legitimate 
access to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system to unwittingly enable the defeat of a security control or exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
(E) malicious cyber command and control; (F) the actual or potential harm caused by an 
incident, including a description of the informa-tion exfiltrated as a result of a particular cyber-security threat; or 
(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity 
threat, if disclosure of such attribute is not oth-erwise prohibited by law. 
(6) D
EFENSIVE MEASURE .—The term ‘‘defensive 
measure’’ means an action, device, procedure, technique, or other measure executed on an in-formation system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system that prevents or mitigates a known or suspected cybersecurity threat or security vul-nerability. 
(7) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘Federal enti-
ty’’ means a department or agency of the United States or any component of such department or agency. 
(8) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘infor-
mation system’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in section 
3502 of title 44, United States Code; and 
(B) includes industrial control systems, such 
as supervisory control and data acquisition sys-tems, distributed control systems, and program-
mable logic controllers. 
(9) L OCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘local gov-
ernment’’ means any borough, city, county, par-ish, town, township, village, or other political subdivision of a State. 
(10) M
ALICIOUS CYBER COMMAND AND CON -
TROL.—The term ‘‘malicious cyber command and 
control’’ means a method for unauthorized re-mote identification of, access to, or use of, an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(11) M
ALICIOUS RECONNAISSANCE .—The term 
‘‘malicious reconnaissance’’ means a method for actively probing or passively monitoring an in-formation system for the purpose of discerning security vulnerabilities of the information sys-tem, if such method is associated with a known or suspected cybersecurity threat. 
(12) M
ONITOR .—The term ‘‘monitor’’ means to 
acquire, identify, scan, or otherwise possess in-formation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(13) N
ON-FEDERAL ENTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘non-Federal entity’’ means any private entity, non-Federal government department or agency, or State, tribal, or local government (including a political subdivision, department, officer, employee, or agent thereof). 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘non-Federal enti-
ty’’ includes a government department or agen-cy (including an officer, employee, or agent thereof) of the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘non-Federal enti-
ty’’ does not include a foreign power or known agent of a foreign power, as both terms are de-fined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(14) P
RIVATE ENTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘private enti-ty’’ means any person or private group, organi-zation, proprietorship, partnership, trust, coop-erative, corporation, or other commercial or nonprofit entity, including an officer, employee, or agent thereof. 
(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ in-
cludes a component of a State, tribal, or local government performing electric utility services. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
does not include a foreign power as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(15) R
EAL TIME ; REAL-TIME.—The terms ‘‘real 
time’’ and ‘‘real-time’’ mean a process by which an automated, machine-to-machine system proc-esses cyber threat indicators such that the time in which the occurrence of an event and the re-porting or recording of it are as simultaneous as technologically and operationally practicable. 
(16) S
ECURITY CONTROL .—The term ‘‘security 
control’’ means the management, operational, and technical controls used to protect against an unauthorized effort to adversely impact the security, confidentiality, integrity, and avail-ability of an information system or its informa-tion. 
(17) S
ECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The term ‘‘se-
curity vulnerability’’ means any attribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of a security control. 
(18) T
RIBAL .—The term ‘‘tribal’’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.018 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2391 April 22, 2015 
Report 114–88. Each such amendment 
may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. 
b1515 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . NUNES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 5, beginning line 16, strike ‘‘in ac-
cordance with’’ and insert ‘‘under’’. 
Page 9, line 2, strike ‘‘and is limited to’’. Page 9, beginning line 14, strike ‘‘the in-
tentional or reckless operation of any’’ and insert ‘‘a’’. 
Page 9, beginning line 17, strike ‘‘substan-
tially harms, or initiates a new action, proc-ess, or procedure on’’ and insert ‘‘, or sub-stantially harms’’. 
Page 12, beginning line 2, strike ‘‘a non- 
Federal entity, if authorized by applicable law or regulation other than this Act, from sharing’’ and insert ‘‘otherwise lawful shar-ing by a non-Federal entity of’’. 
Page 14, line 18, insert ‘‘or defensive meas-
ure’’ before ‘‘shared’’. 
Page 23, line 19, strike ‘‘section 3(c)(2)’’ and 
insert ‘‘this Act’’. 
Page 24, line 15, strike ‘‘section 
552(b)(3)(B)’’ and insert ‘‘section 552(b)(3)’’. 
Page 25, line 13, insert ‘‘investigating,’’ 
after ‘‘to,’’. 
Page 25, line 18, insert ‘‘investigating, 
prosecuting,’’ after ‘‘to,’’. 
Page 27, line 23, strike ‘‘subsection’’ and 
insert ‘‘section’’. 
Page 27, beginning line 24, strike ‘‘of the 
violation’’ and all that follows through the period on page 28, line 2, and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘on which the cause of action arises.’’. 
Page 28, line 4, strike ‘‘subsection’’ and in-
sert ‘‘section’’. 
Page 28, line 14, strike ‘‘in good faith’’. Page 28, beginning line 22, strike ‘‘in good 
faith’’. 
Page 33, line 16, insert ‘‘of such Act’’ before 
the semicolon. 
Page 33, line 19, insert ‘‘of such Act’’ before 
the period. 
Page 38, line 20, strike ‘‘threats,’’ and in-
sert the following: ‘‘threats to the national security and economy of the United States,’’. 
Page 44, line 2, strike ‘‘activiy’’ and insert 
‘‘activity’’. 
Page 44, after line 23, insert the following: 
(3) S
TATE REGULATION OF UTILITIES .—Ex-
cept as provided by section 3(d)(4)(B), noth-ing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to supersede any statute, regulation, or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State relating to the regulation of a private entity performing utility services, except to the ex-tent such statute, regulation, or other provi-sion of law restricts activity authorized under this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
Strike section 10. Page 51, line 13, strike ‘‘electric’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 212, the gentleman from California (Mr. N UNES ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I offer 
this amendment to make certain tech-nical changes to the bill. These changes will align several sections of the bill, including the authorization for the use of defensive measures and the liability protections, with the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s bill, H.R. 1731. 
The amendment also removes a di-
rect amendment to the Freedom of In-formation Act because the bill already contains a strong exemption of cyber threat information and defensive meas-ures from disclosure. The change does not have a substantive effect on the ex-emption of cyber threat information from disclosure laws. 
The changes also reflect feedback we 
have received from our minority, from the executive branch, from outside groups, and from other committees of Congress. We want to make sure that the bill establishes a workable system for companies and the government to share cyber threat information and de-fensive measures. 
I urge Members to support this tech-
nical and clarifying amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, the man-
ager’s amendment makes mostly tech-nical edits to the bill which advanced out of the Intelligence Committee unanimously. These strong edits came from our close and continuing con-sultations with outside groups and with the White House. 
There is still work that remains to be 
done. In particular, we are going to work, as the bill moves forward, on the liability section. In order to benefit from the liability protection under the current language, it is necessary for companies to strictly comply with the act, which means sharing information only for a cybersecurity purpose and taking reasonable efforts to remove private information before sharing it. 
I would support making further 
changes to the bill to make this re-quirement even more clear. In par-ticular, I think it would be advan-tageous to strike what is, in my view, an unnecessary section on the rule of construction pertaining to willful mis-conduct. 
Striking the rule of construction will 
help further clarify the intent of the bill, which is that liability protection is only available if a company or other non-Federal entity shares cyber threat information, for a cybersecurity pur-pose, and only after it takes reasonable steps to remove private information not directly related to the cybersecu-
rity threat. 
That is the intention of the bill, and 
I think striking that section will make it more clear. If a company acts unrea-sonably—let alone recklessly or will-fully—in following these requirements, it does not get liability protection, nor should it. 
That is the right result, and we have 
to be careful not to create any confu-sion about there being any immunity for people or for companies acting will-fully, recklessly, or even unreasonably in disregarding private information or the requirement that it be extricated. 
The manager’s amendment makes 
positive technical changes. There are further changes that I would like to see as the bill moves forward. Confusion in any section of the bill, particularly as it pertains to liability, means litiga-tion, and litigation means costs, so I think there is further work for us to do to make it even more clear. 
In sum, I support the technical and 
substantive changes made in the man-ager’s amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. I join the chairman in urging support for the manager’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, as I have 
no other speakers, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Madam Chair, I am 
here to present my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 15, after line 7, insert the following: 
(f) S MALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION .— 
(1) A SSISTANCE .—The Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration shall provide assistance to small businesses and small fi-nancial institutions to monitor information and information systems, operate defensive measures, and share and receive cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this section 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration shall submit to the President a re-port on the degree to which small businesses and small financial institutions are able to engage in cyber threat information sharing under this section. Such report shall include the recommendations of the Administrator for improving the ability of such businesses and institutions to engage in cyber threat information sharing and to use shared infor-mation to defend their networks. 
(3) O
UTREACH .—The Federal Government 
shall conduct outreach to small businesses and small financial institutions to encourage such businesses and institutions to exercise their authority under this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 212, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.049 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2392 April 22, 2015 
from California (Mr. C A´RDENAS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 1560. 
I applaud the managers of this legis-
lation for all of their hard work. I un-derstand the difficult balance that must be struck in this important de-bate, and I thank the committee for the opportunity to have my amend-ment considered today. 
Madam Chair, this amendment will 
protect national security by starting from the ground up in protecting our smallest of businesses. 
Cyber attacks are a real threat to 
our economy and national security. Hackers will look for the most vulner-able in the supply chain to exploit their security. This is why we must make sure any legislation related to cybersecurity places small businesses at the forefront of our security plan-ning. 
By doing this, we will be protecting 
customers and businesses up and down the supply chain, which will defend our economy, as a whole, from being at-tacked. 
The amendment will ensure that the 
SBA will assist small businesses and small financial institutions in partici-pating in the programs under this bill, and it will make sure the Federal Gov-ernment performs outreach to small businesses and to small financial insti-tutions. 
This is a commonsense provision that 
addresses the issues that are critical to ensuring the security of our cyberspace and of our economic well-being now and into the future. 
Small businesses are increasingly be-
coming the target of cyber criminals as larger companies increase their protec-tions, so we need to arm them with the information and technical assistance they need to create effective plans to thwart these attacks and intrusions. 
On a personal note, I once owned a 
small business myself. I left my bigger, corporate job to start a small business in my local community and employ people I grew up with. Washington is a faraway place for many small busi-nesses in our country. The laws here can seem disconnected. The issues can be brushed off as someone else’s prob-lem. 
That is why it is essential that, 
today and moving forward on all of these cybersecurity debates, that we make sure we have programs in place to work with and to educate our small businesses and that we understand that, every time one of these small businesses is successfully attacked and breached, it is a possibility that it could go under, losing those local jobs. I think this is a commonsense amend-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I want to 
thank the gentleman from California for bringing forward this thoughtful amendment. He worked closely with the committee to ensure that the lan-guage did not disrupt the intent of the bill. I am prepared to accept the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Madam Chair, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman, 
my colleague, for yielding. 
Madam Chair, for a large business, a 
cyber attack can be costly and dam-aging. For a small business, a cyber at-tack can be fatal, wiping out a family’s dream or a lifetime of work in a few clicks of a mouse. 
Small businesses and small financial 
institutions also don’t have the large legal shops that are sometimes nec-essary to keep up with the latest changes or regulations coming from Washington. 
That is why I am so pleased that my 
California colleague offered this impor-tant amendment. While I don’t expect that any sharing mechanism will ulti-mately be costly to maintain or to ac-cess, there will be some costs, espe-cially in the early stages of implemen-tation, and there will be some new pro-cedures to navigate. 
This amendment will help put the 
reach and authority of the Small Busi-ness Administration in the service of cybersecurity by having the agency as-sist in the rollout of cyber threat infor-mation sharing. 
It is an important addition to the 
bill. I thank the gentleman for raising the issue, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CARSON OF  
INDIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 37, after line 16, insert the following 
new clause: 
(v) A review of the current procedures per-
taining to the sharing of information, re-moval procedures for personal information or information identifying a specific person, and any incidents pertaining to the improper treatment of such information. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 212, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C ARSON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I proudly supported this bill when we marked it in the Intelligence Committee. I am only bringing up this amendment today to address a basic transparency concern raised by my constituents after the markup, that the cybersecurity threat posed to our government, to our businesses, and to our personal information is massive and is growing every day. 
This bill provides important tools to 
ensure that the lessons learned from a breach of one company can help strengthen the security of others. As a result, your Social Security and credit card numbers will be better protected. 
Madam Chair, as someone who op-
posed CISPA last year, I feel like this iteration is a major first step forward in privacy protection and trans-parency. I am particularly happy with the robust protections of personally identifiable information. 
Unlike past iterations, this bill man-
dates that cyber threat information is scanned and that personal information is removed not once, but twice, before it can be transmitted to other Federal agencies. 
I am pleased, Madam Chair, that 
companies will share their cyber threat information with a civilian agency and not directly with the intelligence com-munity. I am also happy that addi-tional limitations are placed on the ways that cyber threat information can be utilized. 
For all of the benefits of this bill, the 
American people still—rightfully so— expect oversight that is consistent and comprehensive. That is what this amendment is all about. It strengthens the oversight of the inspector general’s monitoring of this kind of information sharing. 
Now, with this amendment, the in-
spector general will oversee and report on the process for information-sharing procedures, for removing personal in-formation, and any incidence in which this information was treated improp-erly. 
It will ensure Congress and the public 
that sharing is happening properly and that the public is being protected. I hope that my good Republican col-leagues will support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I want to 
thank the gentleman. He is a member of the Intelligence Committee and has played a very productive and construc-tive role. As he said, his constituents have brought these concerns to him. He worked with the ranking member and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.053 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2393 April 22, 2015 
me, and we are prepared to accept the 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1530 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ), 
my good friend. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Madam Chair, this is Mr. C ARSON ’s 
first year on the committee, and I ap-preciate his dedicated service and the interest he has taken in oversight of the intelligence community. He brings a background in law enforcement, which is a very welcome addition to our committee, and joins other col-leagues with a very similar back-ground. 
He has worked closely with us to 
make privacy improvements through-out the process. I support his efforts here again to make a good bill even better. Mr. C
ARSON ’s amendment would 
include a requirement to make sure the critical dual privacy scrub is working the way it should. This is very impor-tant. It is at the core of our bill and at the core of our efforts to protect pri-vacy. So we must monitor how these requirements are working and support transparent reporting to make sure that they are working as intended. 
I support the amendment and urge 
my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. I thank 
Chairman N
UNES and Ranking Member 
SCHIFF once again for their support in 
helping to keep our communities safer, but I still want to thank my Repub-lican colleagues for supporting this amendment, and I thank them for their friendship. As a new member of the committee, Madam Chair, I have great-ly appreciated the guidance—bipar-tisan guidance, if you will. 
Every Member of this House, Madam 
Chair, has heard from constituents who are concerned about government sur-veillance and overreach. After every-thing we have heard about bulk collec-tion over the last few years, the Amer-ican people are right to be concerned about new authorities to collect data. 
As the text plainly and repeatedly 
states, this is not a surveillance bill. We have protections in place to ensure that the intelligence community can-not collect and utilize your personal data. This amendment simply ensures that Congress and the public get to see this sharing process and see how it works if these protections happen to fail. I urge support for this amendment and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
Madam Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I have an amend-
ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. 12. SUNSET. 
This Act and the amendments made by 
this Act shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 212, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Madam Chair, I 
thank the chairman of the committee for the opportunity to present the amendment here today. 
Very briefly, I will talk about the 
genesis of this amendment, which is very simple, by the way. It adds a 7- year sunset to all the provisions of the bill. 
Madam Chair, in going through the 
review of this bill, it occurred to me that this was a really close call. There were folks whom I respect with a great deal of credibility who reached out to me and said: Look, here are the dif-ficulties with this bill and why we should defeat this bill. At the same time, there are a lot of folks for whom I have a great deal of respect and have a great deal of credibility in the indus-try who also reached out to me and said: Look, this is a very serious prob-lem. Here are the good things in the bill, and here is why you should sup-port it. 
It is probably not unusual that we 
have that circumstance before us where it is a close call. We are bal-ancing two very critical things: secu-rity—specifically, cybersecurity—on one hand, and privacy, liberty inter-ests, on the other. It is a balancing act that we are called on to do many, many times here in Washington, D.C. 
As I was going through the bill, tak-
ing input from both sides of the argu-ment, it occurred to me: All right, what if we have got it wrong? What if we have the balancing act wrong? Sure, we can go back in and fix it at some point in the future, some indetermi-nate time in the future; but face it, this is a busy place, with a lot of bills demanding attention on any given day in Congress. 
Wouldn’t it be nice to have some-
thing hardwired into the bill that would force Congress at some point in the future to come back and say: Okay. A couple years back, here is what we did on cybersecurity. Is it working? Did we get it right? Is the balance be-tween security and privacy one that is serving both of those very important interests correctly? 
We sat down to talk amongst some of 
my colleagues about the amount of time that was necessary. Madam Chair, 7 years is a long time to have a sunset provision in a bill. It came to my at-tention, though, given the complex-ities, the complexities of the systems 
necessary to be put in place in order to implement the programs in the bill, that 7 years was the appropriate level of time. 
I am glad that we have sunset provi-
sions in other pieces of legislation. I doubt very seriously we would be hav-ing serious discussions right now about things as important as the PATRIOT Act if a sunset provision was not hardwired into the bill. Maybe we should consider adding these to every single piece of legislation for just the same reason: to force us from time to time to see if what we thought we were doing several years ago was really as good an idea as we thought it was sev-eral years ago. So that was the inten-tion. 
That is the genesis of this amend-
ment—again, very simple, a 7-year sun-set provision. I hope my colleagues will see fit to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment, al-though I appreciate my colleague’s concern. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, my friend 
from South Carolina, I think, is very thoughtful in his approach in wanting sunset provisions in many laws that pass this body, and I think that is cor-rect on major pieces of legislation, es-pecially involving government bu-reaucracies, the creation of govern-ment bureaucracies, and the implemen-tation of regulation. 
I would just make a few important 
points that I think this bill is very dif-ferent because this is a voluntary bill. It is also legislation that, because of the liability protections that are in this bill, if you have a sunset clause in it—and part of the reason why the other amendments that were made out of order and this one was made in order, because it was the longest time, with the 7 years, as the gentleman said—it is tough for a company to de-sign, build, get in the process of pre-paring how they are going to share this information company to company, and I am afraid that even though this is 7 years, will companies make the invest-ment terms of being willing to actually share? Then, if this expires, what hap-pens with the trial lawyers that would then come after the fact when the Con-gress doesn’t act with information that is sitting out there that no longer has the protections? 
This is actually why, back when the 
last version of this legislation was up last Congress, we made several changes since then, and we have many more supporters since that time because of the changes we have made to make sure that we have scrubbed private data, to make sure this doesn’t go to any government agency, to make sure 
that it is voluntary, all of the steps that we have taken. But because of the trial lawyer component and the liabil-ity being left open, this is why groups 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.055 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2394 April 22, 2015 
like Heritage, in the last Congress, op-
posed an amendment just like this. 
We would like to work with the gen-
tleman and his colleagues on this, but I would ask if he would be willing to maybe work with us in a potential con-ference or possibly down the road, if it might be appropriate. I hate to oppose this amendment because he is my good friend, but I want to try to see if he might be willing to withdraw and work with us when we get to a conference on a reasonable solution to this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. I will respond in a 
couple of different ways. 
Under ordinary circumstances, 
Madam Chair, I might consider with-drawing the amendment, but I think we are here today under a somewhat extraordinary rule. I do appreciate the chairman’s genuineness in his request because we have worked very closely together on other matters in the past. I look forward to working with him on other matters in the future. I consider him to be a good friend and colleague. But because of the nature of the joint rule, if this bill passes and the bill that is being offered by the Homeland Secu-rity Committee tomorrow passes as well, my understanding is those two bills will then be merged. I have a simi-lar amendment, Madam Chair, tomor-row to Mr. M
CCAUL’s bill, so I am not 
really sure if even withdrawing at this point would accomplish the necessary end that you seek. I will politely de-cline your request, and respectfully so. 
I will point out, my good friend does 
mention an interesting part of my his-tory here in Washington, D.C. When I offered a similar amendment to, I be-lieve, the PATRIOT Act a couple years back, The Heritage Foundation did op-pose it. It always makes me smile, Madam Chair, when I remember going through that conversation with my friends over at The Heritage Founda-tion, and I had to send them a copy of Ed Feulner’s own book. Ed, of course, is one of the founding members of The Heritage Foundation, and the last chapter is an exhortation to please in-clude a sunset provision in every single piece of Federal legislation. Again, that just sort of makes me smile. 
With all due respect due to the chair-
man, both as the chair of the com-mittee and a Member of this body and a friend of mine, I will politely decline his request. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. I now yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. I appreciate the 
chairman yielding time to me, even though I am in support of this amend-ment. 
Madam Chair, we need this legisla-
tion because our companies, our indus-tries, our government, and even our in-dividual citizens are under attack by foreign cyber hackers, under attack from criminals. We need the coopera-tion between the government and the private sector, but unfortunately we have seen that well-meaning folks in 
the government sometimes get a little overzealous in their data collection we don’t always see. 
For instance, section 215 of the PA-
TRIOT Act, we saw in the Snowden revelations that every bit of metadata on phones was being collected. We didn’t know that when we passed the PATRIOT Act. Now we have an oppor-tunity to put a backstop in place where we can take a look a few years down the road and make sure this isn’t being misinterpreted, not in line with con-gressional intent, and not in line with the Constitution. This backstop, this sunset, is a critical piece of the bill. The bill is not perfect, but this makes it a whole lot better and gives us a sec-ond bite at the apple should things be going wrong. 
I appreciate your yielding. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I am pre-
pared to close. 
I would just say that I hate to have 
to oppose this amendment because I think my colleagues are offering it in good faith, with good intentions. How-ever, it is a voluntary program. As I said, cybersecurity is going to continue to be an ever-increasing problem and challenge, and the last thing we want to do is put a backstop in to where companies or private citizens are afraid to share the information with each other because they are afraid of being sued by some trial lawyer down the road. 
Like I said, I hate to oppose the 
amendment, but I will have to oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 12. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON 
REMOVAL OF PERSONAL IDENTI-FYING INFORMATION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than three years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the ac-tions taken by the Federal Government to remove personal information from cyber threat indicators pursuant to section 4(b). (b) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 212, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
b1545 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I 
thank the manager and the chairman and ranking member of the House In-telligence Committee for their service and leadership. 
I offer this amendment that I believe 
will answer a question that has been raised by many Members but really has bipartisan support. 
This amendment is offered as a Jack-
son Lee-Polis amendment, and the spe-cifics of it say: 
‘‘Not later than three years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the actions taken by the Fed-eral Government to remove personal information from cyber threat indica-tors pursuant to section 4(b).’’ 
Again, this relates to the concern 
that many of us will hear over and over again from our constituents. 
In the world of hacking and mistakes 
and misdirection and unfairness and terrorism, it is important to secure this Nation and to be able to have the right information. 
As I serve as a member of the Home-
land Security Committee, I believe we have to have information to thwart terrorist acts and protect the home-land. 
But there is a public benefit to my 
amendment. This amendment will pro-vide the public assurance from a reli-able and trustworthy source that their privacy and civil liberties are not being compromised. 
We are a State and a Nation born out 
of the existence of the Bill of Rights. Along with the Constitution, it has framed a democracy, but it has also framed the preciousness of individual rights and privacy. I offer this amend-ment, again, to emphasize the impor-tance of privacy that is so very impor-tant. 
The Jackson Lee-Polis amendment 
provides, again, for a Government Ac-countability Act report to Congress on the actions taken by the Federal Gov-ernment to remove personal informa-tion from data shared through the pro-grams established by this statute. 
The intent of the report, as indi-
cated, is to provide Congress with in-formation regarding the effectiveness of protecting the privacy of Americans. 
Again, this amendment would result 
in the sole external report on the pri-vacy and civil liberties impact of the programs created under this bill. 
Privacy is of great concern to the 
American people. I know that because, as we were doing the Patriot Act in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.058 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2395 April 22, 2015 
shadow of the heinous acts of 9/11, I 
will tell you that large voices were raised, particularly out of the Judici-ary Committee and in working with the Intelligence Committee, about the issues of privacy. Americans under-stand that. 
Privacy is of great concern to the 
American public. Privacy involves the handling and protection of personal in-formation. And as well, when personal information is improperly accessed, used, or abused, it can cause financial and personal harm to those whose data is involved. 
Madam Chair, may I ask how much 
time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I 
ask my colleagues to support the Jack-son Lee amendment. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ), the dis-
tinguished ranking member. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Texas and the gentleman from Colorado for their amendment, and I am happy to support it. 
We create a lot of law in this body, 
and it is absolutely necessary that we establish reporting mechanisms that allow us to measure the effectiveness of the work that we do here. This is an amendment that will do just that. 
By requiring regular reports on the 
operation of the sharing mechanism that we are creating today, we can de-termine whether it is working as in-tended or whether it needs to be tweaked or changed to be more effec-tive. We must always ensure that the government is fulfilling its obligation under this bill to remove personal in-formation. 
Again, I want to thank S
HEILA JACK-
SONLEE, as well as the gentleman from 
Colorado, for their efforts. I support the amendment. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, 
how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 45 seconds remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Thank you, 
Madam Chair. 
Let me quickly say that a report on 
consumer views on the privacy issue published by the Pew Center found that a majority of adults surveyed felt that their privacy is being challenged along such core dimensions as the security of their personal information and their ability to retain confidentiality. 
It is for this reason that I believe the 
Jackson Lee amendment, in conjunc-tion with the underlying legislation, H.R. 1560, will be an added asset to en-sure that the personal data, privacy, and civil liberties of Americans are protected. 
Madam Chair, I offer my thanks to Chair-
man N
UNES , and Ranking Member S CHIFF for 
their leadership and work on H.R. 1560. 
The bipartisan work done by the House Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence resulted in H.R. 1560 being brought before the House for con-sideration. I offer acknowledgement to Congressman 
P
OLIS in joining me in sponsoring this amend-
ment. 
The Jackson Lee-Polis Amendment to H.R. 
1560 is simple and would improve the bill. 
Jackson Lee Amendment designated #5 on 
the list of amendments approved for H.R. 1560: 
The Jackson Lee-Polis Amendment pro-
vides for a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report to Congress on the actions taken by the Federal Government to remove personal information from data shared through the programs established by this statute. 
The intent of the report is to provide Con-
gress with information regarding the effective-ness of protecting the privacy of Americans. 
This amendment would result in the sole ex-
ternal report on the privacy and civil liberties impact of the programs created under this bill. 
Privacy is of great concern to the American 
public. 
Privacy involves the handling and protection 
of personal information that individuals provide in the course of everyday commercial trans-actions. 
When personal information is improperly 
accessed, used, or abused it can cause finan-cial and personal harm to the people whose data is involved. 
A report on consumer views on their privacy 
published by the Pew Center found that a ma-jority of adults surveyed felt that their privacy is being challenged along such core dimen-sions as the security of their personal informa-tion and their ability to retain confidentiality. 
For this reason, the Jackson Lee amend-
ment providing an independent report to the public on how their privacy and civil liberties are treated under the implementation of this bill is important. 
I ask that my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle support this amendment. 
I ask that the amendment be sup-
ported, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 313, noes 110, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 168] 
AYES—313 
Adams 
Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford 
Babin Barton Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crowley Cummings 
Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
Kline Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walorski Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.062 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2396 April 22, 2015 
Westerman 
Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOES—110 
Abraham 
Aderholt Amodei Barletta Barr Benishek Bishop (MI) Blackburn Boustany Brooks (IN) Bucshon Calvert Carter (TX) Coffman Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Dent Diaz-Balart Dold Fincher Frelinghuysen Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hill Holding Hudson 
Hurd (TX) Israel Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Lance LoBiondo Long MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Murphy (PA) Newhouse Nunes Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Royce Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Stewart Stivers Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOT VOTING—8 
Brady (TX) Curbelo (FL) Graves (MO) Hastings 
Murphy (FL) Olson Smith (WA) 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1620 
Messrs. ISRAEL, FINCHER, CAL-
VERT, RYAN of Wisconsin, TURNER, SAM JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. CARO-LYN B. MALONEY of New York, Messrs. ABRAHAM, and RUPPERS-BERGER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. ADAMS, Mr. MILLER of Florida, 
Ms. PELOSI, Mses. EDWARDS, LO-RETTA SANCHEZ of California, Messrs. ROHRABACHER, CARNEY, ZELDIN, ROSS, RICHMOND, Mses. MATSUI, STEFANIK, Messrs. SIRES, CROWLEY, Mses. SCHAKOWSKY, DeGETTE, TITUS, Messrs. JOYCE, SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, VEASEY, Mses. BROWNLEY of California, LEE, and Mr. PETERSON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T
HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania). The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Acting 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced shar-ing of information about cybersecurity 
threats, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 212, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the com-
mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Miss RICE of New York. I am opposed 
to it in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Miss Rice of New York moves to recommit 
the bill H.R. 1560 to the Select Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select) with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amend-ment: 
Page 22, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 22, line 16, strike the period and in-
sert a semicolon. 
Page 22, after line 16, insert the following: 
‘‘(6) to prevent a terrorist attack against 
the United States, ensure that the appro-priate departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government prioritize the sharing of cyber threat indicators regarding known ter-rorist organizations (including the Islamic State, al Qaeda, al Qaeda in the Arabian Pe-ninsula, and Boko Haram) with respect to— 
‘‘(A) cyberattacks; ‘‘(B) the recruitment of homegrown terror-
ists by such terrorist organizations; and 
‘‘(C) travel by persons to and from foreign 
countries in which such terrorist organiza-tions are based or provide training (including Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan, and Nige-ria); and 
‘‘(7) to prevent the intelligence and mili-
tary capability of the United States from being improperly transferred to any foreign country, terrorist organization, or state sponsor of terrorism, ensure that the appro-priate departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government prioritize the sharing of cyber threat indicators regarding attempts to steal the military technology of the United States by state-sponsored computer hackers from the People’s Republic of China and other foreign countries.’’. 
Mr. NUNES (during the reading). Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes in support of 
her motion. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, the most important job 
we have is to protect the American homeland and the American people. The threats against our country are ceaseless and constantly evolving, and we too must evolve and adapt in our ef-forts to maintain the domestic security that the American people have en-trusted us to uphold. 
Passing H.R. 1560 will be a significant 
step forward in that effort. Our Na-tion’s cyber infrastructure is under at-tack every single day from hackers, from foreign nations, and from terror-ists. I believe H.R. 1560 will strengthen our government’s ability to coordinate with companies in the private sector, share intelligence, and respond to these threats, but I also believe the legisla-tion should be stronger. 
We know that foreign nations and 
terrorist organizations are actively seeking to steal American military in-telligence and technology, and we know that terrorists are using the Internet to spread their poisonous ide-ology, recruit American citizens to join their ranks, and encourage attacks here in America. Just this week, six Minnesota men were arrested after try-ing to travel to Syria to join the Is-lamic State. Last week, authorities ar-rested an Ohio man who actually trained with a terrorist group in Syria and returned to the U.S., intent on car-rying out an attack on our soil. Earlier this month, two women in my home State of New York were arrested for planning to detonate a bomb in New York City. 
Mr. Speaker, this amendment will 
help prevent a domestic terror attack by allowing Federal agencies to coordi-nate and prioritize the sharing of cyber threat intelligence regarding known terrorist organizations like the Islamic State, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, and al Qaeda and its affiliates, groups that use the Internet and social media as a weapon in their efforts to attack the United States and the American peo-ple. Likewise, this amendment will di-rect Federal agencies to prioritize the sharing of intelligence regarding at-tempts by terrorists and foreign na-tions to steal American military tech-nology. 
This amendment will help protect 
our Nation and the people we serve. I have no doubt that that is the highest priority for my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, so we must also make it a priority to neutralize these threats and do all that we can to thwart the violent ambitions of those who want to do us harm. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I believe H.R. 
1560 is important legislation that de-serves bipartisan support, but I believe this amendment deserves the same. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.025 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2397 April 22, 2015 
will make the legislation stronger, 
make the American people safer, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to give it their full support. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, this mo-
tion to recommit is nothing more than a poison pill designed to destroy the years of work that have gone into crafting this legislation. 
The bill already does exactly what 
the motion to recommit purposes. It helps the American people defend themselves against hackers from coun-tries like China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, and other terrorist groups. 
While we stand here and continue to 
debate this problem, our country is under attack from hackers who steal our intellectual property, pilfer our personal information, and target our national security interests. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 169] 
AYES—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks 
Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Brady (TX) Curbelo (FL) Graves (MO) Hastings LaMalfa 
Murphy (FL) Olson Smith (WA) Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1635 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 307, noes 116, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 170] 
AYES—307 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Green, Gene Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.067 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2398 April 22, 2015 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski 
LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—116 
Amash 
Barton Bass Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Buchanan Capps Capuano Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cohen Conyers Courtney Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DesJarlais Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Fattah Fleming Gabbard 
Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Hahn Harris Hice, Jody B. Honda Huelskamp Huffman Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kildee Labrador Larson (CT) Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lummis Lynch Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott 
McGovern Mooney (WV) Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Rangel Ribble Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Slaughter Stutzman Takano Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vela Vela´zquez 
Walz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Brady (TX) Curbelo (FL) Graves (MO) Hastings 
Murphy (FL) Olson Smith (WA) 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1642 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE COMMEMO-
RATING 100-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF FIRST USE OF POISON GAS 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, today 
represents the 100-year anniversary of the first use of poison gas on Earth. On April 22, 1915, chlorine gas was sent crawling in favorable winds over Flan-ders Fields from German positions into positions held by the French. This sowed terror and agony for the first time. 
I would like for everyone present and 
everyone listening to pause for a mo-ment to think of everyone who has died in the last 100 years from poison gas, including everyone who is dying today in Syria. 
Mr. Speaker, many people in Amer-
ica were horrified at the ‘‘60 Minutes’’ presentation of the sarin attacks and the footage that that included. It is horrifying to think that chlorine is also being used in that war today. 
There is a reason that we put chem-
ical weapons in a separate category, never to be used by any nation in any war. Let us just pause and think for a moment and rededicate ourselves to ridding the entire world of chemical weapons forever. 
f 
b1645 
TRIBUTE TO ED MEAD 
(Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, last month, our world bid farewell to Ed Mead, a former presi-dent, copublisher, editor, columnist, and all-around legend of the Erie Times-News in Erie, Pennsylvania, a paper founded by his grandfather in 1888. 
Mr. Mead leaves behind an extraor-
dinary legacy in the newspaper busi-ness and in the community of Erie, the 
city where he was born and spent so much of his life devoted to connecting with people. 
Mr. Mead was often referred to as 
‘‘the voice of Erie,’’ leading a long and distinguished career that included more than 14,000 features for his ‘‘Odds and Ends’’ column, one that appealed to so many people throughout our re-gion. 
Mr. Mead was so committed to serv-
ing his family’s newspaper that, after graduating from Princeton University in 1949, he turned down a contract to play professional football in the Na-tional Football League’s Detroit Lions club; instead, he decided to return to work in Erie for the next 63 years at the Erie Times. 
Although Mr. Mead’s passing will 
long be felt at the Erie Times Pub-lishing Company and in the entire city of Erie and in the entire community, we know he now rests in heaven. 
As is true of all legends, Ed Mead 
may be gone, but he will surely never be forgotten. 
f 
PINELLAS PARK POLICE CHIEF 
DORENE THOMAS 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize someone who has been de-scribed as a trailblazer, a pioneer, and a woman of firsts: Pinellas Park Police Chief Dorene Thomas who, on this Fri-day, will retire after four decades of public service. 
Thomas became the first sworn fe-
male police officer at the Pinellas Park Police Department in 1980. In fact, when she started, the evidence room was located in the men’s locker room, something she would eventually change. 
In 2000, Thomas became the depart-
ment’s first female police chief, but she often said she would simply prefer to be known as a good police chief rather than a female police chief. 
Five years ago, she was elected presi-
dent of the Florida Police Chiefs Asso-ciation, another first for women. She has also started intensive crisis inter-vention training, which teaches offi-cers how to work with people with be-havioral or mental health challenges. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to rec-
ognize a person who has helped keep our citizens safe, to honor a person who has led with courage, kindness, grace, and understanding. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
thanking Chief Thomas for her selfless years of service. Thank you for making Pinellas County a safer place, and thank you to all the men and women who, today, serve on the front lines of law enforcement. 
Chief Thomas, enjoy your retire-
ment. You have very well earned it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.030 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2399 April 22, 2015 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S REQUEST TO 
WRITE RULES FOR THE WORLD’S ECONOMY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
LLEN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
US-
SELL) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, at his 
State of the Union Address, President Obama asked us in Congress to grant us fast-track Trade Promotion Author-ity, so he can ‘‘write rules for the world’s economy.’’ 
I sat alarmed for America’s future 
should we expand this President’s au-thority, given how he has extended ex-ecutive overreach, fumbled our foreign policy, debilitated our defense, and di-minished our domestic tranquility. At least this time, the President asked to bypass Congress. 
Regardless of the merits of trade 
partnership or the tactics of their ne-gotiation, two fundamental questions loom: Why do we trust this President, given his track record in foreign af-fairs? And what serious harm would come to the Nation by waiting 21 months? 
Trade Promotion Authority, or TPA, 
would prevent Congress from amending as much as one word of the rules he writes, a sweeping agreement the White House has been working toward for the past 6 years. Even if parameters were set beforehand, violations would be subject to an up-or-down vote with no amending permitted. Unlike a trea-ty, a simple majority is all that would be needed to pass. 
For Congress to cede oversight on 
such a sweeping agreement could have grave implications. The American peo-ple must be at the table, and they can be, through their elected representa-tives in Congress. 
In a balanced process, the full range 
of congressional committees would hold hearings with experts, establish clear objectives, set the terms of nego-tiation, and be regularly informed throughout the negotiating process. 
This would ensure trade deals are in 
the best national interest for the long haul, not designed to please some small groups of well-connected insiders for some tempting short-term benefit. 
While trade is vital in securing eco-
nomic freedom and in strengthening our values and friendships, we must ap-proach any partnership with a com-prehensive view of its strategic impact. Advocates have stated that a Trans-Pa-cific Partnership will open trade in-volving 40 percent of global economic activity. 
This is a misrepresentation when one 
considers that 6 of the 11 nations pro-posed for the partnership already have strong trade agreements with the United States and many of the remain-der enjoy excellent trade relations, such as with Japan. 
The President also claims a trade 
surplus without delineating this im-provement will come from services such as financial, insurance, and com-
puting, not from manufacturing, as he purports. Given Obama’s scathing treatment of financial and insurance investment overseas, one wonders if there is not some other hidden motiva-tion. 
Alarmingly, Mr. Obama uses contain-
ment language with regard to China as a major premise for obtaining fast- track authority. While we employ eco-nomic instruments of our national power with regard to an ascendant China, we must ensure in tandem ef-forts with diplomatic and informa-tional instruments as well. Strategi-cally, these are lacking. 
Further, should a trade dispute re-
sult in an impasse, nations historically have lashed back with their last re-maining option, their military. I have been on the receiving end of many of those strategic implications. Ours must be prepared—our military—as we explore these new frontiers. 
I have heard no serious discussion 
from anyone in Congress or the White House thinking comprehensively and strategically in this manner, that our military and our diplomatic efforts must also be resourced and reinforced as we move economically in this pivot to Asia. 
When John Hay opened trade with 
China more than a century ago as a hedge on an ascendant Japan to bal-ance European concerns, the achieve-ment was widely heralded. Japanese so-ciety had rapidly embraced Western science and technology since the days of Commodore Perry. A vibrant econ-omy blossomed. Western ideas in man-ufacturing, banking, business, and even military doctrine quickly transformed Japan into a formidable power. This was not without political consequence. 
Japan had transformed her society, 
fought as an ally in a world war with the West, imported goods to a demand-ing public, built ships together with the West, and signed treaties. Their rapid transformation alarmed the Jap-anese Diet hardliners, who used this anti-Western sentiment to wedge polit-ical power. 
Within a 15-year span, the lengthy 
embrace of the West gave way to com-petition for resources, distrust, the fall of Japanese Government, and the doc-trine of their Greater East Asia Co- Prosperity Sphere. 
In only a couple of more years, what 
was embraced in the West was now widely disrespected in Japan. Despised, they were deliberately attacked; few ever saw it coming. That Japan and the United States are such strong allies and friends today is a testament of our mutual commitment to the repairing of human diplomatic and economic tragedies. 
We cannot allow President Obama to 
rush willy-nilly into a fast-track Chi-nese hegemony without regard to stra-tegic thinking. Given his dismal for-eign policy record, it comes as no rev-elation, but it does come with con-sequences. What serious harm will come to our Nation by waiting 21 
months when we have an administra-tion that actually could achieve for-eign policy successes, instead of one foreign policy defeat after another? 
A dog may lap up antifreeze because 
it seems good to the taste and pleasant to the eye, but it does so with con-sequence. We should not be lured by the appeal to our natural senses for trade and economic growth. 
Patience now may prevent horrific 
consequences in a major war in the fu-ture. We do that by advancing our na-tional instruments of power with diplo-matic effort, military readiness, and preparedness in tandem with our eco-nomic effort. 
What serious harm can come by wait-
ing 21 months? As Abraham Lincoln fa-mously said: 
Nothing good can be frustrated by time. 
We do not need to give the President 
this authority. We need to wait, have the patience, lay the strategic founda-tion so that we can do what is best for our country, and move into a trade agreement that will have a long-lasting foundation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on April 
24, we will mark the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. 100 years ago, 1.5 million Armenians, along with the Syrians and Greeks, were slaugh-tered by the Ottoman Empire in the first genocide of the 20th century. 
The sheer scale of genocide thwarts 
our capacity to comprehend it: 1.5 mil-lion Armenians killed, 6 million Jews killed in the Holocaust, 1 million Tutsis. The numbers become abstrac-tions sanitized by their enormity. It is only when we consider each of those lives individually that the full horror comes into focus. 
b1700 
The victims of genocide are more 
than victims—they are human beings. The Armenians massacred from 1915 to 1923 were men, women, and children who were targeted in what was then an unprecedented campaign to wipe out an entire people. 
It is our duty in the modern day to 
remember those lost and to bear wit-ness that the campaign to destroy the Armenian people failed. We do so by speaking the truth, and we do so by speaking the names of those 1.5 million and by keeping both the way they lived and the way they died alive in our memory. 
Earlier this month, I asked my thou-
sands of Armenian constituents and millions of Armenians around the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.074 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2400 April 22, 2015 
country and the world to submit the 
names and stories of their family mem-bers who were killed 100 years ago. The response was overwhelming. Thousands of people sent the names and stories of ancestors killed in the genocide—the names of infants and toddlers ripped from their mother’s arms, the names of children and the elderly dying of ex-haustion and starvation on a forced march to Deir ez-Zor, the names of women and girls raped and brutalized and killed, the names of clergy tor-tured and burned alive in their own churches, the names of men robbed of their possessions, of their homes, and of their lives. 
Each victim has a name and a story. 
From Glendale, to Yerevan, to Jordan, and every corner of the world where Armenian diaspora lives, families sent me those names and those stories. It is my honor to read some of those names this hour, knowing that it would take more than 1,000 hours, more than 50 days, to read all of them. 
Turkey may deny the genocide. Our 
administration may lack the courage to recognize the genocide. Our Con-gress may lack the courage to recog-nize the genocide. But no one can deny the humanity of its victims, and no one can deny our right to speak the truth. 
One hundred years ago, 1.5 million 
Armenians were killed in the Armenian genocide. These are their names: 
George Tutunjian Harutsun Minasian Samuel Kadiyan Dikran Karakashian Manoug Tenkerian Mary Tenkerian Hagop Artinian Makrouhie Tenkerian Mihran Tenkerian Sarkis Tenkerian Tagouhi Hounanian Gevork Vasilyan Hovnan Hounanian Siranush Tatulyan Shooshan Hounanian Lusadzin Boghikian Karapet Orudzhyan Zorig Hounanian Elias Hovsepian Grace Totigian-Klanian Simon Klanian Azniv Totigian Mariam Minasian Tamam Kouyoumjian Hovhannes Kouyoumjian Isgouhi Kademian Khachig Kademian Arakel Gayserian Karapet Orudzhyan Vahan Avetikyan Hakop Semerdjian Hagop Yeniguveiyian Hagop Yeniguveiyian Garabed Kulhanjian Vahan Jihanian Assadour Shekherdmian Khachik Danelian 
Gadarineh Danelian Makrouhi Chavdarian Garabed Jihanian Hovsep Sarkissian Matteos Sarkissian Bedros Torosian 
Aram Achekbashian Kegham Vanigian Mourad Zakarian Yervant Topuzian Hagop Basmajian Smpat Kelejian Roupen Garabedian Armenag Hampartsoumian Apraham Mouradian Hrand Yegavian Karnig Boyajian Hovhannes Ghazarian Mgrdich Yeretsian Yeremia Manoukian Tovmas Tovmasian Karekin Boghosian Minas Keshishian Boghos Boghosian Hampartsum Boyajian Janet Tufenkjioglu Daniel Mkitharian Takouhi Tufenkjioglu Ripsime Bedoian and Margaret 
Bedoian were sisters, aged 8 and 10. They were taken forcefully by Turkish soldiers from their home in Harpoot. Ransom was demanded, but the family was poor and could not pay. They were never seen again. 
Dikran Kalousdian Khatun Kalousdian Mardiros Gevoglanian Adrineh Ghazelian Abraham Bilalian Nazareth Torosyan Agavne Jurukian Avak Giurlakian Harout Avagyan Lilit Abrahamyan Avag Avagyan Bagdasar Jurukian Vahan Eloyan Hambardzoum Avagyan Khachatour Avagyan Hovsep Sarkissian Khatchadour Jingirian 
Alex Petrosyan Sarkis Jingirian Khachadur Petrosyan Petros Petrosyan Hovhanes Petrosyan Hagop Chaghastpanian Garabet Petrosyan Shushat Petrosyan Megerdich Saakian Yeranui Shurjyan Panos Shurjyan Hovhannes Hovhannisyan Garabet Hovhannisyan Hovsep Hadjyan Sarkis Hadjyan Ohan Hadjyan Khachadur Petrosyan Petros Petrosyan Sylva Portoian Hagop Karanfilian Gadar Karanfilian Dikran Vartanyan Kerop Vartanyan Manuel Tanielian Robert Vartanyan Barkev Vartanyan Haykaz Vartanyan Levon Vartanyan Alice Malconian Yervand Margaryan Manoushag Chakalian Mgrdich Salian 
Gulsima Polatian Kevork Der Markarian Dilber Der Markarian Araksiya Nadjarian Ohanes Kahkejian Bertha Tanielian Harout Aydinian Khachig Kerbabian Sarkis Dadoyan Siragan Abrahamian Bishop Ignatius Maloyan Nerses Zeytoonian Karnig Seferian Garabed Amirkhanian Ohan Khodzhabashian Mariam Amirkhanian Victoria Sergenian drowned her two 
children and herself to end their suf-fering as they were forced to march hundreds of miles through the desert. 
Iskandar Ohanissian Touren Krikorian Apraham Krikorian Touren Krikorian Bedo Seremjian Hachik Madilian Zakar Pstikyan Sirvart Dembekjian Mariam Donikian Andon Donikian Sedrak Barighyan Mihran Chookaszian Aznif Gulazian Simpad Gulazian Vahan Manusadjian Souren Azirian Matyos Karachayirlian Mihran Khayan Levon Karachayirlian Abrahm Kasparian Artin Benlian Voski Ghazarian Lucie Mahserejian 
Hagop Mahserejian Solomon Khachaturian Almakdisi Jubrail Chad Hairabed Hairabedian Hripsime Hairabedian Hripsime Semizian Hagop Semizian Yervant Semizian Hovaness Arslanian Nevart Arslanian Manual Arslanian Khosrof Arslanian Garabed Jihanian Hovsep Sarkissian Souren Azirian Mihran Khayan Archpriest Hoosik Kachouni Nishan Nishanian Toros Balian Bayzar Balian Garabed Mekjian Sarkis Sevian Hagop Sevian Prapion Sagherian Hovhannes Sagherian Nazaret Chalian Garabed Kulhanjian Bedros Der Sarkissian Haroutune Der Bedrossian Nahabed Kasabian Thadeus Derdiarian Agavne Pamboukian Hourig Barsoumian Sarkis Barsoumian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.075 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2401 April 22, 2015 
Khachadur Higobian 
Hitoon Higobian Ohin Higobian Ani Arkelian Sarkis Arkelian Higop Arkelian Ohines Arkelian Movses Kochgerian Arsidakes Varjabedian tried to pre-
vent Turkish soldiers from raping his 15-year-old sister in Nevshehir. He was shot to death. 
Mariam Kochgerian Mari Iskandarian Asadoor Daghlian Elizabeth Daghlian Gabriel Khalaf Simon Issa 
Astghik Doola Manel Jamgotchian Moushegh Jamgotchian Gernelios Jamgotchian Vahan Jamgotchian Levon Jamgotchian Kegham Djemdjemian 
b1715 
Mesrob Djemdjemian 
Chouhar Djemdjemian Mariam Jamgotchian Dikranouhi Jamgotchian Anna Jamgotchian Karekin Hekimian Zabel Hekimian Avedis Hachadourian Zabel Hachadourian Khatchadour Hachadourian Zarouhi Paghtikian Levon Yapoujian Mary Yapoujian Artin Budakian Daniel Varten Kondakjian Markar Zoornajian Sarkis Krikorian Hagop Kinadjian Lucia Chaderchian Ashod Kinadjian Khoren Kinadjian Shahmihram Kinadjian Vahharam Kinadjian Kaspar Santourian Maretdhza Hamalian Victoria Kotchakian Giragos Kotchakian Hambartzum Nersesian Nubar Nersesian Rehan Nersesian Abraham Ghazarian Mooshegh Ghazarian Samson Ghazarian Peprone Ghazarian Nounig Hotoian Mariam Torisyan Nazig Torisyan Nersess Der Babian Toros Mekhsian Rahel Mekhsian Apraham Mekhsian Hrant Mekhsian Mariam Kulekesayan Haig Arakelian Armenak Garabedian Dikran Garabed Nevart Najarian Grikor Surenian Dareh Surenian Garegin Surenian Aghavni Surenian Faris Surenian 
Mardiros Fermanian Kaspar Jeboghlian Hagop Jamgotchian Hovhaness Jamgotchian Hrant Shenlooguian Dikran Shenlooguian Krikor Shenlooguian Nishon Jivelegian Surpoohi Jivelegian Byzar Jivelegian Lusintak Amirkhanian Simon Sheshetian Sarkis Mouradian Eva Mahseredjian was 10 years old. 
Her village was occupied by Turkish troops. Two soldiers fought over her to settle their dispute. Their commanding officer cut Eva in half with a sword. 
Elize Mouradian Garabed Kljian Hagop Madaghjian Khachig Kasabian Kohar Kasabian Garabed Kasabian Osanna Keuilian Movses Keuilian Ghazar Jivalagian Elizabeth Arakelian Kaloost Meldonian Sarkis Meldonian Hovagheem Hovsepian Elbis Hovsepian Hagopig Hovsepian Elizabeth Yaghdjian Sarkis Yaghdjian Krikor Yaghdjian Hajno Jardarabed Haji Martros Mardiros Deovletian Asniv Yaghdjian Sara Yaghdjian Mourad Sarkissian Zemroukht Sarkissian Artin Boyamian Avedis Boyamian 
Kevork Mkhitarian Lucine Mkhitarian Arousiag Shirinian Garabed Shirinian Yaghut Markosyants Martiros Markosyants Nikoghos Zarobyan Bedros Bedrosian Khachadour Buchaklian Levon Maxoudian Hagop Yeramian Skandare Kalousdian Elizabeth Sirounian Reverend Father Kevork Nalbandian Kevork Belekian Vartan Belekian Nerses Belekian Yosef Belekian Hagob Belekian Vartish Belekian George Vartarian Tigran Nargizian Zarouhi Zeitounzian Nargizian Avedis Ainilian Hovannes Mugrdichian Hornig Mugrdichian Roupen Kapikian Haiganoush Kapikian Veronica Elmasian Apik Elmasian Satenig Kapikian Vartouhe Kaimian Toumass Kaimian Lucine Manougian 
Ohanness Avedis Jalakian David Muradian Sara Muradian Loucine Zarougian Bedros Zarougian Tateos Der Avedisian Maritza Kurkjian Der Avedisian Arshavir Der Avedisian Hrant Der Avedisian Maritza Basmajian Vartouhi Basmajian Hagop Chavooshian Boghos Zarougian Bishop Kevork Nalbandian Dickronouhi Nigoghosian Armenouhi Nigoghosian Barooyr Nigoghosian Sarkis Nigoghosian Vartivar Berberian Anna Berberian Iskouhi Kalfayan Jivan Kalfayan Parsekh Balian Valentine Balian Garabed Berberian Panos Berberian Migirdich Salian Haroutioun Apkarian Sara Apkarian Hripsime Apkarian Mariam Kouyoumjian was taken by 
the Turks in April 1915 and never seen again. Her daughter was orphaned as an 11 year old, but she was rescued by the Near East Relief Foundation, an unprecedented humanitarian effort un-dertaken by the U.S. Government and concerned Americans with support worldwide. 
Guiragos Kojakian Hagopjan Kojakian Levon Kojakian Harutiun Ansurian Artashes Solakian Hovhaness Kussajukian Hagopig Kussajukian Maria Kussajukian Makrouhi Kussajukian 
Anoush Sarmanian Anna Sarmanian Yurapet Karapetyan Ephrem Karapetyan Hamparsum Borzakian Aghajan Tepoyan Haiganoush Kilerciyan Yeranig Alexanyan Artin DerSimonian Rebecca DerSimonian Hovnan Doursounian Shoushan Doursounian Simon DerSimonian Nargiz DerSimonian Avedis Kevorkian Hampartsoom Belejian Roupen Racoubian Sarkis Gureghian Aram Demerjian Michael Frengulian Kevork Dashebeukian Nishan Avedikian Toros Kurkjian Senecherin Kalionjian Tomas Khanzedian Mihran Chamian Mergerios Tashjian Antranig Beshgeturian Yervant Gabashian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.033 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2402 April 22, 2015 
Levon Racoubian 
Barour Kapigian Yervant Frengulian Musbeg Demirjian Kaprial Chordikian Serop Srabian Movses Avedikian Mourad Abrahamian Siran Khachigian Souren Yavruian Levon Gevorgian Garabed Tahmizian Magaros Dabanian Khoren Tossounian Charles Atamian 
Rose Atamian Varduhi Hayzavakyan Grikor Xazaryan Trtat Podrumyan Abraham Ashikyan Mariam Ashikyan Sahak Ashikyan Manuk Ashikyan Sarah Ashikyan Haykuhi Ashikyan Heripsime Ashikyan Gevorg Ashikyan Hovannes Knajian was a well-known 
and respected doctor. Turkish soldiers came to his door at 3 a.m. and told him his help was needed for a 9-year-old girl. He went with them and was never seen again. 
Byuzant Ashikyan Harutyun Arabyan Abraham Arabyan Karapet Arabyan Shnavon Arabyan Setrak Arabyan Merkset Arabyan Haji Arabyan Lucine Arabyan Yervand Arabyan Mariam Arabyan Sargis Hambartsumyan Hambar Djxalyan Arak Djxalyan Manor Djxalyan Hagop Gulyunyan Gulyustan Gulyunyan Gabriel Gulyunyan Avetis Gulyunyan Zakar Gulyunyan 
b1730 
Aghajan Tepoyan 
Ossana Kalajian Penyamin Vartivarian Marta Kehyaian Avedis Vosbikian Haroutoun Tcholakian Mariam Tcholakian Krikor Dakessian Dirouhi Dakessian Maritza Achihsian Araxi Barsamian Donik Chilingirian Yuhaper Chilingirian Ovanes Chilingirian Hazaros Bandoian Harutyun Minasyan Iskuhi Minasyan Reverend Father Nerces Nercesian Yeretsgin Alpesa Der Nercesian Haroutun Haroutunian Luso Melkonyan Sanam Melkonyan Levon Hakhoyan Mavo Hakhoyan 
Sedrak Avedissyan Zumrogh Mikaelian Dikran Mekhtarentz Afram Hadouband Kegham Mardikian Megerdich Saroyan Harutyun Parlakyan Hagob Simonian Thaguhi Ashchyan Gohar Parlakyan Manouk Pahlevan Keoseyan Martiros Keoseyan Onnig Khachaduryan Knel Tourajikian Sirarpy Tourajikian Arusiag Tourajikian Papken Tourajikian Levon Tourajikian Hermig Tourajikian Ossanna Basmajian Mihran Barzakyan Anna Barzagyan Awanes Kramian Aslan Kadoyan Tatos Kadoyan Harry Dalalian Aram Chamkertian Garabet Chobanian Serpouhi Adjemian Momjian Kalousd Daghlarian Serob Qosyan Hossep Melkisetian Khatchig Doudaklian Avedis Mikaelian Mesrob Der Mesrobian was burned 
alive in his church with his wife and his daughter. 
Yeva Kevorkian Stepan Khachigian Garabeth Havoudjian Sima Havoudjian Sarkis Mahseredjian 
Nishan Mahakian Hagop Donikian Garabed Daghlarian Armenag Bilezikjian Hovhaness Khrlakian Eugenie Daghlarian Macrouhie Lepejian Azniv Lepejian Mirzo Melkon Kalostyan Hagop Alemian Hovhannes Alemian Manoug Kelerjian Hovanes Derstepanian Balasan Elbakyan Sahak Elbakyan Anush Elbakyan Tokhman Hagop Sirvart Tufenjioglu Ovsanna Jamgotsian Hovsep Chatoian Kaspar Jamgotsian Setrag Sahakian Kevork Roumian Nigoghos Tertsakian Marie Tertsakian Hovsep Vehuni Avedis Giragosian Garabed Sohigian Hampardzum Khanamerian Mariam Tatoian Panos Cobanoglu Kohar Cobanoglu Panos Arslanoglu Margrit Arslanoglu Neshan Stepanian Marie Mesrobian Kalpakian 
Sarkis Postallian Mary Postallian Turfanda Minasian Marian Minasian Minas Minasian Zaruhi Artin Nidelian Tanzouf Artin Nidilian Azaduhi Artin Nidelian 
Apraham Koumruian Khatchik Khacherian Haiguhi Hagopian Yetvart Jamgochian was 4 years old. 
He was with his sisters, hiding from shelling outside his village, when they were found by Turkish soldiers. They cut a cross into his face, and they killed him. 
Eghiazar Melkonian Sarkis Melikyan Garabed Kulhanjian Margaret Baronian Hovaness Baronian Marta Bilazarian Sarkis Bilazarian Bedros Der Sarkisian Bedros Papazian Haroutioune Aydabirian Gabriel Handjian Hagop Kouyoumdjian Kevork Keshishian Mariam Keshishian Sarkis Ourfalian Nevart Ourfalian Salome Proodian Raffi Proodian Vartkes Proodian Khatoon Proodian Mugurditch Gulazian Marderous Dadourian Dr. Onnig Mardirossian Artin Der-Azarian Vartuhi Der-Azarian Sarkis Samsatlian Kevork Samsatlian Kevork Adiyamanian Vartivar Kourouyan Mariam Kourouyan Sarkis Dadoyan Tamar Gulbankian Zakary Mooradian Antranig Agopian Andreas Kelekian Armenak Malkhasyan Vartouhi Topian Ardashes Topian Hovannes Topian Aristakes Topian Madiam Topian Nazanee Topian Mariam Topian Mikael Topian Arshalouis Topian Mary Vezirian Hagop Havatian Taniel Muftikian Krikor Muftikian Zacharia Melkonian Shookry Grigoryan Vartouhi Chakmanian Armenouhi Toutikian was 7 years 
old. She died of dehydration and hun-ger on a march through the desert. Her father had to leave her body there in the sand. 
Krikor Krikorian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.035 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2403 April 22, 2015 
Hovannes Krikorian 
Vartanush Krikorian Araksi Krikorian Sarkis Muradian Aris Krikorian Hakop Alemian Manouk Keshishian Agapi Dardakhanian Columbus Keshishian Arakel Boghossian Takvor Andonian Siragan Andonian Filor Atanesyan Parsegh Gumushian Haroutiun Gumushian Veronica Gumushian Haroutioun Andonian Garabed Soovajian Sisag Arpajian Misak Arpajian Krikor Orchanian Anna Khouljanian Harutyun Pogosyan Pogos Sahakyan-Mirzayan Eva Kevorkian Garabed Kevorkian Hovanes Aprahamian Ashod Nishanian Manvel Manukian Khachig Khanzetian Haroutyoon Bronozian Mariam Zeibari Boghos Avedian Nazenik Avedian Knarig Avedian Shoushanig Avedian Hagop Jomlekian Azniv Jomlekian Onnig Jomlekian Aghavni Jomlekian Megerditch Ayvazian 
Markar Der Hovanesian Hamparsoum Garabed Shehranian Nishan Atamian Nazaret DerTavitian Zarouhi Andonian Khachadour Paloulian Sahag (Hagopian) Chakheian Hagop (Avedissian) Chakheyan Chakhe (Avedissian) Chakheyan Serop Dzeroon Kizirian Sarkis Amirkhanian was thrown into 
a well with his family and burned alive. The only survivor was his 13-year-old brother, who would recall unto his death many years later the smell of smoke. 
Arpineh Kizirian Avedis Kabaklian Paylak Sarkisiants Aramig Kitabjian Siranush Kitabgian Garabed Kitabjian Setrak Kitabjian Mariam Ter-Mkrtchyan Movses Abajian Alexan Keishian Sahag Momdjian Beatrice Momdjian Garabed Momdjian Armenag Momdjian Joe Kahraman Zaghig Seradarian Megerdich Seradarian Ohan Ohanian Sirpouhi Ohanian Sarkiss Mushetsi Baloian Smbat Sargisi Sargsyan Hranoosh Nalbandian Berberian 
Asatur Soghomonian Martiros and Aghavni Kotikian Armenak Bahadorian Hovannes Ananian Nazareth Boujoulian Harutiun Ansurian Artashes Solakhian Igit Nurbekyants Miriam Sarkissian Margarita Kaphian Siroun Jilizian Serop Jilizian Minas Jilizian Khatoun Jilizian 
Hampartsum Torian Hagop Torian Dikran Torian Dikran Dikranian Araxi Dikranian 
b1745 
Lucine Torian 
Abraham Dikranian Vartuhi Dikranian Ohanes Ohanian Mihran Mozian Haygazouhi Mozian Juhar Ohanian Juhar Ohanian Hambarcum Chekichyan Andranik Chekichyan Hakop Chekichyan Mariam Mardayan Khachadour Vartanian Zabelle Vartanian Karabet Garsevanian Simon Garsevanian Sima Pamboukian Shukri Pamboukian Gevork Chilian Margarit Pamboukian Zarouhie Mekjian Kevork Mekjian Kirakos Lazarian Pambock Lazarian Haygaz Mitilian froze to his death on 
his father’s shoulders in a snowstorm as they fled during the French retreat from Marash in 1920. He was 8 years old. 
Garabed Baghamian Aram Baghamian Vahan Baghamian Tzaghig Baghamian Salpi Yengibaryan Mary Manuelian Sarkis Doudakian Asadour Najarian Terfanda Najarian Garabed Tashjian Hampartsoum Kenderian Takouhy Kenderian Mariam boghossian Hripsime Kechichian Sarkis Keshishian Haroutioun Kourbanjian Martiros Hovhannisyan Nemzur Koubandjian Grigor Mouradyan Sahag Karajaian Nemzur Karajaian Harutune Dadourian Hunazant Alexanian Hovaness Azatyan Mariam Azatyan Hakop Laxoyan Mari Laxoyan Aharon Piloyan 
Hagop Piloyan Khachadour Piloyan Hagop Kepenekian Zaruhy Chitjian Khatunagian Marinos Chitjian Mardiros Chitjian Vartouhi Chitjian Yeranouhi Chitjian Nishan Chitjian Ludwig Madenlian Vergeen Madenlian Melkon Medzikian Elmasd Medzikian Hagop DerBedrossian Yester DerBedrossian Hambardzum Khulyan Karapet Khulyan Khachadoor Boyajian Ipek Momdjian Abraham Hayrikyan Sahak Abrahamyan Zaruhi Abrahamyan Loosaper Balian Avedis Nahabedian Haig Nahabedian Haigouhi Sare-Kechichian Vahram DerManuelian Chukajian Nurijan Mariam Moughamian Krikor Moughamian Hovhannes Keshishian Azniv Keshishian Galust Avetisian Andon Ahmaranian Vartouhi Sarajian Mariam Sarajian Mardiros Kachian Azatouhi Trdatyan was 3 years old. 
She was murdered, along with her par-ents, in front of her 13-year-old broth-er. Her brother survived but would never forget the trauma. 
Petros Trdatyan Dikran Menayan 
Mariam Trdatyan Anania Nalbandian Sema Nalbandian Nishan Totigian Makrouhi Totigian Sahag Karajaian Nemzur Koubandjian Haroutioun Kourbanjian Yeghishe Bargamian Jirair Bargamian Agavni Norigian Kohar Jokhajian Zartoohie Karapiloian Nshan DerBedrossian Yeghisapet DerBedrossian Aghajan DerBedrossian Krikor DerBedrossian Khanem DerBedrossian Mariam DerBedrossian Kevork DerBedrossian Kayane DerBedrossian Azniv DerBedrossian Dickran Akmakjian Maghak DerBedrossian Hovsep DerBedrossian Elise DerBedrossian Zarouhi DerBedrossian Noyemzar DerBedrossian Vartouhi DerBedrossian Aram Baghamian Vahan Baghamian Ara Aroian Tzaghig Baghamian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.040 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2404 April 22, 2015 
Mariam Roubinian 
Sylva Roubinian Armenag Hokhikian Martiros Mirakhorian Zaghik Mardirosian Andranik Tsarukyan Margret Saroyan Hovsep Saroyan Akchan Mkhitarian Grigor Mkhitarian Nahabit Epikian Yeghisabet Demirdjian Haroution Demirdjian Khachadour Cholakian Mariam Agajanian Hagop Der Nikoghosian Der Ashot Avedian Dikran Khanjian Armenag Diradourian Garabed Kenoian Moushegh Boyajian Easaya Kenoian Elizabeth Boyajian Kenoian Peter Boyajian Garabed Baghamian Sarkis Elmassian Tzagheeg Baghamian Adam Baghamian Vahan Baghamian Mugerditch Ohnikian Malaka Soghomonian died from a 
forced march through the Der Zor Desert while she was pregnant. She left behind four living children, the oldest of whom was only 9. 
Aghavnee Ohnikian Haratyun Ohnikian Ludwig Ohnikian Hovsep Ohnikian Annig Ohnikian Mardig Kebabjian Avedis Mardiros Gertmenian Miriam Gertmenian Rejabian Toros Chaglassian Jivan Dedian 
Armenag Baghdassarian Kevork Aslanian Nvard Ter-Stepanyan Tzaghig Baghamian Manush Pananian Taguhi Doganyan Hayrapet Doganyan Hakop Karoyan Petros Keheyan Nazeli Keheyan Abraham Hairbedian Khanem DerTavitian Levon Hissarian Myram Kazarian Siranoush Arakelian Kazar Arakelian Armenag Metchikian Garabed Varjabedian Boghos Asharjian Boghos Asharjian Mena Ashajian Barkev Asharjian Dikran Asharjian Vartan Demoorjian Aharon Der Melkon Nazley Sarookeshian Fedan Shokeyian Krikor Shalelengian Manoog Shokeyian Sarkis Sarookeshishian Markarid Ounanian Shalelengian Osgehan Shalelengian Sirma Shalalengian Avedis Shalelengian 
Bedros Tekian Krikor Dulgarian Pilbos Der Avedisian Anahid Oundjian Vardui Gasparian Yeghiasar Yaylayian Hagop Yaylayian Vosgan Topalian Antranig Hayrabed Maritza Onnigian Nerses Shabaglian Maritza Onnigian Lucie Ayvazian Takouhi khardalian Sarkis Mavilian Nunia Mavilian Nazely Sarookeshian Fedan Shokeyian Levon Hissarian Zarouhi Tchekrekhjian Nazaret Magarian Zarouhi Magarian Rahel Demirjian Raffael Der-Tovmasyan Levon Aharonian Aharon Aharonian Altoon Aharonian Haygaz Simonian Hagop Beloian Hagop Beloian Yetvart Jamgochian Vergeen Tashjian Verone Bedrosian Smbat Byurat DerGhazarian Zumgroot DerGhazarian Zartar Arakelian Maryam Kazarian Hovanness Yeretzian Marian Shekerdemian Vartan Yeretzian 
Kevork Vichabian Simon Simonyan Zmrookht Simonyan Mariam Simonyan Haroutyun Papazian Zakaria Minassian Garabed Jingozian Zakaria Minassian Krikor Papazian Baghdassar Karibian Mary Meuguerditchian-Apelian Zakar Ovoian Hambardzum Khulyan Suren Hakobyan Azatuhi Hakobyan Vostan Baghallian Simon Hovhannesi Achikgiozian Hripsime Aghvinian Hovhanes Aghvinian Ester Maghakian Boghos Maghakian Maghak Maghakian Mkhoyan Asatur Hripsime Maghakian Srpuhi Mkrtchyan Assadour Assadourian Yeva Hovhannessian Ghazaros Medzoian Sargsian Tigran Loosatsin Medzoian Araxi Fundukian Zaven Fundukian Mariam Aroushian Sarkis Aroushian Gadarine Fundukian Anahid Fundukian Elmast Medzigian Khachig Fundukian 
Hagop Fundukian Khassig Fundukian Eva Fundukian Melkon Medzigian Ludwig Medzigian Verjin Medzigian Ara Medzigian Hovannes Altibarmakian Horop Anoushian Zakaryan Nerses Grigor Zohrap Movses Deirmendjian Hovaness Toutikian Maritsa Kyulehyan Tadevos Karapetyan Khatchador Boyajian Shimavon Donoyan Anna Donoyan Avedis Chaparian Sirak Keshishian Mardiros Toutikian Abraham Toutikian Hovannes Knajian Armenouhi Toutikian Harout Knajian Lucya Knajian Christeen Ter Stepanian Avak Mouradian Papken Toumaian Hagop Kalbakian Aram Jermakyan Garabed Kaloustian Sarkis Dadoyan Elisabeth Partamian Nazareth Partamian Ovsanna Kayayan Marna Banerian Onnig Khachigian Elmonig Khachigian Onnig Khachaturian 
Stepan Khachigian Elize Avakian Zabel Avakian Arousiag Avakian Setrag Avakian Mgrditch Tashjian Boghos Mkhitarian Iskouhi Gabrielian Aregnaz Markaryan Missak Mozian Haroutyun Sarkissian Santoukht Mozian Ansoorian Mikael Ansoorian Yeghia Sarkissian Khazaros Charchian Mihran Berberian Haganoush Tarpinian Megerdich Sarafian George Chelabian Hakop Ter-Saakyan Tatos Moloian Mikael Khachetoorian Hamparsoum Borzakian Mesrob Der Mesrobian Marta Avakian Karnig Tomassian Gayane Kazarian Dikran Kazarian Ararat Kazarian Shoushanig Donegian Haroutune Oknayan Hagop Parsaghian Niko Zakarian Mariam Kouyoumjian Kevork Mardirossian Hripsime Mardirossian Kevork Mardirossian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.045 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2405 April 22, 2015 
Makrouhie Oknayan 
Khachik Oknayan Hagop Oknayan Mihran Oknayan Manuk Oknayan Asvadzadour Oknayan Marie Oknayan Mousheg Khodjhumyan Jovannes Kabbendjian Krakow Ouzounian Edward Bozajian Manouk Gasparian Gazaros Tombulyan Sarkis Gasparian Ibrahim Louseian Ann Gasparian Ibrahim Lousean Davit Gezalian Yegisabet Gezalian Hrand Mikoyan Minas Chatalian Mariam Chatalian Yestare Bedrossian Rosa Jeboghlian Marie Balian Mikael Tarkanian Alton Derderian Esksa. Derderian Mihran Tarkanian Vartan Dakessian Levon Guevoghlanian Boghos Grikorian Hovanes Minasyan Gevorg Minasyan Matevos Matilyan Simon Kelian Hovannes Terterian Haji Teyrekian Ahavni Biricikyan Avetis Martirosyan Ocean Movsesian 
Krikor Gureghian Paul DerBoghosian Sahag DerBoghosian Tigran Trchunyan Tirhouhi Kara-Sarkissian Gevork Kara-Sarkissian Armen Kara-Sarkissian Aram Kara-Sarkissian Alexan Tavitian Armine Pagoumian Vartan Balikian Margaret Madoian Miriam Madoian Hatchig Madoian Pusant Madoian Maghta Gevorgian Barsegh Karapetyan Osanna Madoian Atoyan Maria-Magdalena Stepan Arvanyan Haroutune Bozghourdian Ghazaros Baldjian Sanasar Hovhannisyan Eriya Amirian Armenag Zeytounsian Toros Agha Chaghlassian Hovsep Najarian Stephen Minasian Haykandukht Mheryan Hagop Melkonian Christaphor Mheryhan Nerses Mheryhan Serop Manjikian Sarkis Kurkdjian Senior Tigran Zarookian Zarouhi Alachanian Mardiros Djambazian Anahid Der Parseghian 
Zaruhi Caroglanian Asadour Daldabanian Krikor Daldabanian Arshagul Artinian Krikor Artinian Vaxho Simonyan Haroutyun Tatikyan Kurken Parseghian Mihran Sabonjian Vahan Kazezian Mariam Kazezian Yebrakseh Kazezian Krikor Sabonjian Nazar Guyujyan Razmik Palandjyan Mari Guyujyan Krikor Gokpanossian Panos Trashian Goar Akopova Anoush Kulafian Vartouhy Kulafian Ohannes Hagopian Hagop Hagopian Jirair Demirjian Suqias Nuroyan Matevos Sachyan Hnazand Sachyan Samson Khachatryan Mariam Khachatryan Asadur Arabyan Arax Arabyan Zvart Kureghian Deradour Harmandayan Kveh Gasparian Gohar Kirakosian Vasilika Kirakosyan Zabel Kirakosian Karapet Gasparian Mariam Yeritsyan Arakel Arakelyan 
Makartich Ter-Hakopian Nicholas Chavshudian Mary Chavshudian Avedis Kilisian Mari Shirinian Arsen Pashgian Haiganoush Mandjikian Krikor Kaakedjian Gadar Chaparian Takouhi Baghoyan Ani Hidirsah Haygaz Baghoyan Parsegh Baghoyan Hagop Zilifian Helen Manoyan Boghos Manoyan Krikor Zilifian Jovannes Kabbendjian Vahan Hakobyan Haykaz Sarkissyan Lucia Baghdasaryan Sara Galtakian Arutyun Gelejian Tagvor Dadurian Araxsi Dadurian Alina Dadurian Hmiyak Dadurian Nishan Chaderjian Nishan Chaderjian Maritza Chaderjian Martha Margosian Gulenia Havounjian Tonapet Yeritsyan Hovsep Sarkissian Armenuhi Balian Vahram Ghiragossian Hagop Kouyoumdjian Mary Kouyoumdjian 
Vartivar Berberian Yaghsapet Berberian Hagop Pessayan Mary Pessayan Armen Dedeyan Simon Terzian Satenik Lusparyan Hripsime Lusparyan Artavazd Tumanyan Nikolaj Safrazbekyan Levon Safrazbekyan Rebecca Margossian Toros Margossianmy Sarkis Panpalian Vartan Vartanian Hanna Gulian Haroutioun Kapralian Ana Kapralian Flore Kapralian Baghdassar Avedikian Ohaness Aslanian Isgouhi Zhamgochian Derounian Hagop Terzian Nishan Chaderjian Maritza Chaderjian Hagop Chaparian Artin Chaparian Hampartsoum Piligian Hovaness Piligian Haroutune Piligian Pilig Piligian Kevork Chaparian Movses Kavarian Megerdich Kavarian Khatoon Kavarian Joseph Hanna Danho Kavarian Hagop Kradjian Deekran Kradjian Nazaret Oglou 
Dikran Svazlian Hagop Bodoorian Garabed Chilingirian Toukhman Zoroghlian Touma Zoroghlian Garabed Zoroghlian Hovhanness Zoroghlian Loucine Zoroghlian Garabed Zoroghlian Nshan Ter-Saakyan Hovhannes Tngozian Karapet Grigoryan Parantzem Garavanian Abkar Badalian Karapet Grigoryan Parantzem Garavanian Abkar Badalian Jeyran Badalian Manuk Hamamchyan Sarhad Kocharian John Hovig Yeressian Kerop Tsaxikyan Tatos Ghazazian Yervand Urghatbashian Margaret Urghatbashian Caspar Mardirossian Sinam Yeranosian Hovakim Ahramjian Beghekia Ahramjian Arsen Avedikian Acabi Avedikian Zarmandought Ahramjian Yevkine ´Ahramjian 
Arousiag Ahramjian Khoren Aharonian Raphael Bahde Joseph Moukhtar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.057 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2406 April 22, 2015 
George Moukhtar 
Francis Moukhtar George Farra Mlcon Movsessian Me´con Movsessian 
Dr. Ovsia Hekimian Tavit Tavitian Antaram Hovanesian Sarkis Hovanesian Galust Jermakyan Hamardzum Jermakyan Vrej Jermakyan Toros Jermakyan Mania Jermakyan Levon Jermakyan Aram Jermakyan Siranush Alexanian Grigo Alexanian Maqruhi Alexanian Maqruhi Alexanian Avak Der-Avakian Hana Soghomonian Malaka Soghomonian Isahak Ekshian Mariam Ekshian Arsen Kostanyan Yegish Grigoryan Kriikor Shahinian Khanum Nalbanian Shahinian Anna Garabedian Airapet Tumanyan Lucine Maghakian Adanalian Stepan Boyajian Stepan Boyajian Hossep Melkisetian Parse ´gh Shahbaz 
Ardashe ´s Haroutiunian 
Jack Sayabalian (Paylag) Krikor Torosian Ke´gham Parse ´ghian 
Dikran Cheogurian 
Shavarsh Ku ˆrisian 
Krikor Ye ´sayan 
Aris Israye ´lian 
Mihran Tabakian Hagop Te ´rzian 
Arisdage ´s Kasbarian 
Haroutiun G. Jangulian Be´dros Kalfayan 
Haroutiun Kalfayan Edwar Be ´yazian 
Ye´novk Shahe ´n 
Ne´rse´s Papazian 
Ne´rse´s Zakarian 
Dr. Sde ´pan Miskjian 
Dr. Le ´von Bardizbanian 
Vramshabooh Arabian Ne´rse´s Shahnoor 
Se´rovpe´Noradoongian 
Kare´kin Husian 
Mardiros H. Koondakjian Krikor Armooni Boghos Tanielian Megerdich Garabe ´dian 
Apraham Hayrigian Levon Aghababian Kevork Terjimanian Dikran Ashkharooni Kevork Diratsooyan Mihrtad Haygazn Rosdom Rosdomian Vramshabooh Samuelian Arshag Khazkhazian Mrgrrdich Sdepanian Levon Shashian Paroonag Feroukhan Onnig Maghazajian Teodor Mendzigian Varteres Atanasian 
Apig Jambaz Vahram Altoonian Yerchanig Aram Nerses D. Kevorkian Onnig Srabian Partogh Zorian Akrig Kerestejian Melkon Piosian Pilibbos Chilinguirian Haroutiun Konialian Vahan Jamjian Haroutiun Kalfaian Hovhannes Kelejian Sdepan Kurkjian Dikran Sarkisian Barooyr Arzoomanian Haig Derderian Mirijan Artinian Hampartsum Balasan Vahan Kehiaian Ardashes Ferahian Artin Meserlian Armenag Arakelian Mihran Pasdu ˆrmajian 
Neshan Nahabedian Yeghia Suzigian Bedros Kurdian Diran Yerganian Asadoor Madteosian Yervant Chavooshian Hagop Shahbaz Sarkis Kaligian Garabed Reyisian Kevork Kopooshian Krikor Ohnigian Aram Ohnigian Karekin Ohnigian Hovhannes Keoleian Dikran Baghdigian Hovhannes Cheogurian 
Dr. Be ´nne´Torosian 
Aram Achu ´kbashian 
Kegham Vanigian Yervant Topoozian Roupen Garabedian Hovhannes Der Ghazarian Tovmas Tovmasian Hagop Basmajian Moorad Zakarian Megerdich Yeretsian Karekin Boghosian Armenag Hampartsoumian Yeremia Manoogian Apraham Mooradian Minas Keshishian Suˆmpad Ku ˆluˆjian 
Karnig Boyajian Herand Yegavian Boghos Boghosian Herand Aghajanian Garabed Patoogian Khoren Khorenian Amasiatsi Krikor Kayian Vramian Onnig Tertsagian Ardashes Solakian A. Proodian Garabed Dantlian Haygag Yeremishian Tuˆlgadintsi 
Prof. Garabed Soghigian Prof. Megerdich Vorperian Prof. Hovhannes Boujikanian Prof. Nigoghos Tenekejian Prof. Khachadour Nahigian Prof. Donabed Lulejian Jirair Hagopian Hovhannes Dingilian Hovhannes Aghanigian 
Aram Srabian 
Armen Onanian Hovsep Malemezian Kegham Samuelian Kapriel Tanielian Karnig Gosdanian Hagop Dinjian Armen Hovagimian Asadour Jamgochian 
Hovhannes Zartarian Kevork Keleshian Hagop Shoushanian Setrag Dulgerian Aram Dabaghian Haroutiun Semerjian Sarkis Eljanian Mihran Isbirian Senekerim Kalyonjian Moorad Derderian Garabed Barsamian Karnig Toughlajian Manuel Dedeian Levon Kantarian Aram Hagopian Khachadour Grdodian Michael Frengulian Roupen Rakoubian Hampartsoom Blejian Vahan Husisian Nazaret Husisian Hemayag Karageozian Israel Ozanian Dajad Chebookjian Levon Karageozian Hmayag Margosian Hmaiag Karibian Ardashig Boornazian Hagop Boornazian Arshag Kizirian Hovhannes Boghosian Antranig Bozajian Aram Adrouni Aram Shesheian Huˆrach Loosparonian 
Megerdich Asdourian Tsitoghtsi Setrag Varjabed Partogh Odabashian Kaloosd Garabedian Vahan Kasbarian This evening I have had only 1 hour 
to pay tribute to those who were killed 100 years ago. I had hoped to get through 1,500 names, and I have still so many more to go. I will be entering all of the names that I received into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
It would take me at least another 
1,000 hours, if I could, to speak the names of all 1.5 million Armenian men, women, and children who were lost. In their memory, we think of those who went before. We cherish their memory, and we have the courage to speak aloud that they perished in the first genocide of the last century. We will never for-get, and we will never succumb to the coercion of complicity in silence on genocide. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b1800 
IRAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.060 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2407 April 22, 2015 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. G OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I do 
want to commend my friend from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ) for what he is 
doing. I think it is a very noble thing to do when people are killed. Whether you want to call it a genocide or not, I just appreciate very much my friend A
DAM SCHIFF calling those names and 
giving them recognition after the hell on Earth they went through. It was a very noble endeavor. 
Mr. Speaker, what I came to the floor 
to talk about is the so-called deal that the administration is trying in every way they can to get Iran to even just say that they are okay with. Unfortu-nately, the Iranians have been drag-ging this out for years now. I read that Valerie Jarrett had been talking before with the Iranians before the deal—the negotiations, at least—ever surfaced. And we have reports that there was an informal negotiation taking place. It was denied back originally, and it turns out there were negotiations. 
So what this has done to Israel—our 
ally, our friends in Israel, the people that are actually our forward observers out there in the middle of the chaotic Middle East that this administration has helped make more chaotic—they are out there, and they are kind of like, as some people have referred to them, the miner’s canary. When they are under attack, when they are strug-gling because of other countries, then we can anticipate the United States will be shortly behind it. 
Here is an article from The Wall 
Street Journal dated April 17, entitled, ‘‘U.S. Suggests Compromise on Iran Sanctions,’’ the byline, ‘‘President Obama said Tehran could receive sig-nificant economic relief immediately after concluding a deal to curb its nu-clear program.’’ 
Isn’t that great, though? We are now 
using the word ‘‘curb’’ their nuclear deal. At one time, it was to ‘‘dis-mantle’’ their nuclear efforts. At one time, it was going to be totally unac-ceptable for Iran—probably the biggest supporter of terrorism in the world. Certainly they have supported plenty of terrorism that has killed Americans. They have built and used and furnished IEDs that have killed and maimed so many thousands of Americans. But now we are down, at this point, to just curbing. If we can just curb them, ap-parently that will be satisfactory. 
And after the last so-called mutual 
agreement was announced, we had the leaders of Iran saying, We didn’t agree to any of that. 
Now having been a former judge, hav-
ing tried no telling how many cases, I know that if you have one side saying ‘‘we have an agreement’’ and the other side saying ‘‘we never agreed to any-thing,’’ and that is before any of the terms of the agreement are ever under-
taken by either side, then you don’t have an agreement. They teach you it is basic contracts. 
I know the President, in Chicago, was 
concentrating on the Constitution, but the fact is, under contract law, one of 
the contract 101 things they teach you is, you have to have a mutual meeting of the minds. If one side says, ‘‘We haven’t agreed to anything,’’ and you don’t have a document they signed, and you don’t have a tape recording even of them saying, ‘‘Yes, we agree to those things,’’ you don’t have a deal. You don’t have an agreement. There is ab-solutely nothing enforceable. And the interesting thing about international law is, basically, if the most powerful country in the world is not willing to enforce something that it says is an agreement, then it doesn’t matter whether you have got an agreement or not. 
I was very fortunate to have had, for 
a semester at Baylor Law School, a vis-iting dean of a Japanese law school who taught an international law course that I took. I did as well as you can do in that course. Our professor, the vis-iting dean, was such a brilliant guy. I did a paper on law of the sea and did very well with that. 
I loved to sit down and visit with the 
dean from Japan. After the conclusion of the course, I had my grade. I said: You know, Dean, I hope this is not in-appropriate to say; but having taken your course, having studied diligently for your course, it seems to me that the bottom line with international law is that, really, international law is whatever the biggest, most powerful country says it is, if they are willing to use their power. And the dean said; Well, Mr. G
OHMERT , you did learn 
something in my course. Yes, you have got it. 
In international law, if nobody is 
willing to stand behind a deal and force another country to abide by the deal, you don’t have a deal. You might as well not even have a written agreement in international law if somebody is not willing to enforce it. 
Under most people’s definition of an 
act of war, if you would attack an em-bassy, then for purposes of most peo-ple’s international law, you have com-mitted an act of war. That embassy is considered to be sovereign. If you at-tack that embassy, you have attacked that country—it is an act of war— which is what happened in 1979 in a place called Tehran, Iran. 
I was in the Army, stationed at Fort 
Benning at the time, so we obviously were paying close attention to an act of war against the United States. I think most people at Benning were put on alert, but nothing happened. 
An act of war was committed against 
the United States, but our failure to do anything but basically beg the Iranians to let our hostages come home was deemed as weakness and, as I under-stand, still is used from time to time today as part of the recruiting effort to show that Americans have no back-bone. They are not going to stand up to radical Islamists. Radical Islamists can have their will because America is a toothless tiger, unwilling to enforce anything. Oh, sure. Somebody, to want to look 
tough, may send a boat to tag along be-hind a convoy, and we may send planes to blow up a tent or, like President Clinton did, blow up a camel from time to time. It seemed like there may have been an aspirin factory or something. Maybe there was something more seri-ous, but that is not shock and awe, as we have shown some places before. 
So when they are recruiting, of 
course they use the toothless, feckless United States examples. Like after the USS Cole, I had a servicemember that 
told me recently he was there and they couldn’t believe that anybody could at-tack a United States naval ship and ba-sically we don’t do anything. 
I understood from somebody in the 
Reagan administration that one of President Reagan’s great regrets was after, I think it was, probably Iran be-hind the bombing of the Marine bar-racks in Beirut where we lost about 300 precious Marine lives, Congress made clear we are not funding anything else, and we pulled out. Another recruiting tool for radical Islamists. 
And even that example from Beirut, 
under such a great American President as Ronald Reagan, going back to 1979 when radical Islam first committed an act of war against the United States, that was in response to President Car-ter—at least, it followed his pronounce-ment that the Ayatollah Khomeini was a man of peace. They hit our Embassy. 
I know at first they were saying: Oh, 
the college students attacked. The col-lege students have the hostages. And it seemed to me, as a member of the United States Army watching the news carefully from Fort Benning, that it seemed like they kept saying, you know, the students have the hostages. And I kept thinking if President Carter will just say: Okay. The students have the hostages. Then you get them back to us within 48 hours or even 72 hours; otherwise, you are going to see the en-tire power of the United States mili-tary coming at Iran. And heaven help you, if you harm our hostages at all, we may just wipe Tehran off the map if you do, and you as part of it. 
I really felt like they would probably 
release the hostages and say: See? See? The students had them. We talked them into releasing them. 
But rather quickly, they figured out 
that the Carter administration was not going to use the U.S. power and that all it was going to do was basically beg for the hostages to be released until they scaled back an effort to rescue the hostages that ended up being inad-equate because the Carter administra-tion didn’t authorize enough heli-copters. They needed six. General Boykin confirmed what I was told at Fort Benning, that they needed six to get to the staging area, crossing 500 miles or so of desert. Their helicopters had turbine engines. They expected that they might lose as many as 50 per-cent of their choppers. But they had to have six get to the staging area, meet the C–130 there and the other aircraft 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.090 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2408 April 22, 2015 
and get ready and then launch, because 
they knew where the hostages were. 
The Carter administration didn’t 
allow enough helicopters so they could get there with six. They got there with five. And as General Boykin confirmed what I had heard before, when they got there with five, then they had to abort because they had to have a minimum of six to make it work. Perhaps the helicopter pilot got disoriented. The chopper leaned, the blades went through the C–130, and the people on the C–130 and the helicopter were killed. 
But it goes back to having a Com-
mander in Chief that is not willing to do everything he can to use our power to save American lives and to send a message around the world: Don’t mess with the United States. Don’t mess with our Embassy. Don’t mess with our Embassy workers, because if you do, there will be a powerful price to pay. 
b1815 
Mr. Speaker, the message instead 
was: We got the power, but we don’t have the backbone to use it. And that is being carried out. Of course, Presi-dent Reagan used American power to send a message. President George H. W. Bush, after Kuwait was invaded by Iraq—I love the fact, as a former mili-tary member, that President George H. W. Bush was a former military mem-ber, and instead of trying to micro-manage the freeing of Kuwait, instead of micromanaging, President Bush told the military leaders that the goal is to liberate Kuwait; you tell me what we’ve got to do. They told him how many people we would need in theater before we attack. You hit them hard with bombing, loosen them up, and the mission went incredibly well until Democrats in Congress started yelling, in essence, figuratively speaking, that President Bush needed to stop, stop, stop. Many in the media, stop, stop, stop, they are not fighting, they can’t stand up against us, oh, please stop, you are being too brutal. 
So President Bush, because of the 
left, was persuaded not to go all the way to Baghdad at that time. Then later he was beat up by the left in 1992 for not going ahead and taking out Saddam when he had the chance. 
So it is an interesting place to work 
here. 
Mr. Speaker, I go through that his-
tory so we understand where we stand historically with radical Islam in the Middle East. They don’t see us with the kind of fear that they should. 
Now, this article from The Wall 
Street Journal, dated April 27, by Carol E. Lee and Jay Solomon, says: 
‘‘President Barack Obama suggested 
on Friday that Iran could receive sig-nificant economic relief immediately after concluding a deal to curb its nu-clear program, a gesture towards one of Tehran’s key demands.’’ 
It is really great. Tehran makes de-
mands, the President follows right in line, and Secretary Kerry follows right in line as if he is going to be throwing 
medals over the White House fence that belonged to somebody else. It is great. They just follow right in line. Okay, Iran, please, we beg you. Do a deal with us. At least come out and an-nounce with us we have a deal, and we will do anything you want. 
That is the way it is appearing not 
only to the radical Islamists of the world. It sure seems that they have our President wrapped around their little finger and that they can get anything they want. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, what should they 
think after the Taliban in Afghanistan was begged by the Obama administra-tion to, gee, just sit down with us, we will buy you wonderful offices in Qatar, and we will give you international prominence. Heck, if you sit down, we will let murderers go of your Taliban leaders. Just sit down with us. That is all we are asking. 
It sent a pretty clear message. That 
gets around. They understand who they are dealing with. 
On page 3 of the 4-page article from 
The Wall Street Journal it says this: 
‘‘The Obama administration esti-
mates Iran has between $100 billion and $140 billion of its oil revenue frozen in offshore accounts as a result of sanc-tions. U.S. officials said they expect Tehran to gain access to these funds in phases as part of a final deal. Iran could receive somewhere between $30 billion and $50 billion upon signing the agreement, said congressional officials briefed by the administration.’’ 
So, Mr. Speaker, that is from The 
Wall Street Journal. Then 2 days later, April 19, in an article by Jennifer Rubin, it says: ‘‘Washington Post: Obama is prepared to give anything and everything for a deal.’’ Then it goes on to say: 
‘‘Just days after releasing the Iran 
framework, Secretary of State John F. Kerry reaffirmed that the United States would insist on phased-in sanc-tions relief. Iran’s Ayatollah Khamenei publicly rebuked that suggestion and declared he would insist on sanctions relief up front. On Friday, the Presi-dent cleared up matters by hanging Kerry out to dry, pulling the rug out from under his dwindling band of sup-porters and telling the world that phased negotiations were up for grabs. 
‘‘The President declared: ‘‘With respect to the issue of sanc-
tions coming down—I don’t want to get out ahead of John Kerry and my nego-tiators in terms of how to craft this. I would just make a general observation and that is that how sanctions are less-ened, how we snap back sanctions if there’s a violation—there are a lot of different mechanisms and ways to do that. Part of John’s job and part of the Iranian negotiators’ job and part of the P5+1’s job is to sometimes find for-mulas that get to our main concerns while allowing the other side to make a presentation to their body politic that is more acceptable.’’ 
So going down the article, it said: ‘‘This is a dramatic change in the ad-
ministration’s position and a foolish one. We know, as former Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger and George P. Schultz have warned, snap-back sanc-tions are cumbersome and hugely inef-fective. Sanctions once lifted are enor-mously difficult to reinstate after Western powers have commenced doing business. Inspections (not even of the go everywhere/anytime variety) are never foolproof and the parties con-template a system designed for endless wrangling about whether violations have occurred. 
‘‘But wait. It gets worse. The Wall 
Street Journal reports: ‘The Obama ad-ministration estimates Iran has be-tween $100 billion and $140 billion of its oil revenue frozen in offshore accounts as a result of sanctions’’’. . . ‘‘The monies of course will be instantly available to fund terrorist activities.’’ 
Well, Mr. Speaker, I guess that 
wouldn’t be President Obama saying that because apparently he hadn’t rec-ognized that, but, okay. 
The article says: ‘‘That would be a huge boost to Iran’s 
economy, given up front and with no evidence of compliance. The monies of course will be instantly available to fund terrorist activities and Iranian surrogates in Yemen, Syria, and else-where. 
‘‘‘Obama is willing to grant Iran ac-
cess to funds that equate to about 10 percent of its GDP’’’—Iran’s GDP— ‘‘‘just for signing a deal. That percent-age boost is equivalent to a $1.7 trillion injection into the U.S. economy today (which is twice the dollar amount of the 2009 stimulus package).’’’ 
That was explained by JINSA CEO 
Michael Makovsky. 
‘‘‘This was a terrific present to Iran 
for its Army Day celebration on Satur-day, when the regime showed off some of its weapons to slogans of ‘‘Death to America,’’ and ‘‘Death to Israel.’’’ He adds, ‘Equally dismaying was Obama’s minimization in the same press con-ference of Russia’s announcement to sell S–300 surface-to-air missile bat-teries to Iran, which will make a mili-tary strike against Iran’s nuclear fa-cilities much harder. Perhaps Obama was trying to save face by this Russian move, and/or perhaps he no longer op-poses the Russian sale because it will make it harder for Israel to spoil the nuclear deal through military action.’ 
‘‘If Israelis are expressing ‘shock and 
amazement Friday night at U.S. Presi-dent Barack Obama’s stated openness to Iran’s demand for the immediate lifting of all economic sanctions, and his defense of Russia’s agreement to supply a sophisticated air defense sys-tem to Iran,’ they should not be. The President will give the Iranians any-thing and everything to get his deal. ‘It’s deeply troubling that President Obama declined to publicly reject Ira-nian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei’s demand that all economic sanctions against Iran be lifted upon concluding a final nuclear agreement,’ Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.091 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2409 April 22, 2015 
MARK KIRK told Right Turn. ‘The 
President is clearly leaving open the door for significant sanctions relief to Iran up front to secure a controversial deal that will neither significantly nor permanently dismantle Iran’s vast ca-pabilities to make nuclear weapons.’ 
‘‘The President who once declared 
the framework a ‘historic’ deal has been forced to concede there is no deal. Now he is signaling the final deal will be much worse than he or his defenders ever suggested was possible. He prom-ised to dismantle Iran’s nuclear weap-ons program; now he is locking it in. He once insisted on robust inspections and gradual lifting of sanctions. Those will go by the wayside too. Ultimately, Congress, the 2016 Presidential can-didates, our allies and the American people will need to explain that total appeasement—which is where this is leading—will not be acceptable. They will then have to devise the means for stopping Obama or immediately revers-ing his ‘diplomacy,’ which is more like promising to make a ransom payment. Unfortunately for the Saudis, that likely means beginning an arms race as they seek a bomb of their own. It will be quite a legacy if Obama gets his way.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this President’s foreign 
policy in the Middle East and North Af-rica has created chaos. 
Then April 20, there is this article 
from the Washington Free Beacon: 
‘‘The State Department on Monday 
would not rule out giving Iran up to $50 billion as a so-called ‘signing bonus.’’’ . . . ‘‘Experts have said this multi-million dollar ‘signing bonus’ option, which was first reported by The Wall Street Journal, could be the largest cash infusion to a terror-backing re-gime in recent memory.’’ 
So they are getting access to money, 
the article points out. 
So then, Mr. Speaker, I want to take 
us back to March 2 from The Blaze, where they report on President Obama saying Netanyahu has been wrong on Iran. And they have this quote in the article, and it quotes from Reuters, this is a quote from Obama, reported by Reuters: 
‘‘‘Netanyahu made all sorts of 
claims. This was going to be a terrible deal. This was going to result in Iran getting $50 billion worth of relief,’ Obama told Reuters in an interview Monday. ‘Iran would not abide by the agreement. None of that has come true.’’’ 
That was March 2. Now here we are 
on April 22, and it turns out everything Prime Minister Netanyahu said has been true. So far, Mr. Speaker, every-thing that he has said that we have been able to get evidence on has been true. President Obama was wrong, Prime Minister Netanyahu was right, and knowing President Obama to be the big, courteous, and wonderful man he is, I am sure he will be sending an apology to Prime Minister Netanyahu very soon since he does owe him one. On March 2 he tells Reuters that Netanyahu was wrong on everything, 
and now just over a month later we find out he was right about everything. So I think that will be good news when the President admits to Israel they were right, I was wrong. 
By the way, what could we do with 
that $50 billion that they may let Iran have access to after all the damage, all the Americans Iran has funded killing and maiming. We could use some of that money. Wow, $50 billion. 
But one final article dated today 
from John Sexton, ‘‘Iran Says It Will Refuse Access to IAEA Inspectors Any-where’ Nationwide.’’ 
‘‘A spokesman for Iran’s nuclear 
agency has once again rejected calls to grant IAEA access to military sites, continuing a war of words on the issue that began Sunday.’’ 
The bottom line, Mr. Speaker, this 
President is putting the world in jeop-ardy. He is putting Israel in jeopardy. He is putting us in jeopardy. He is put-ting all of Israel’s neighbors in jeop-ardy. It is time he woke up and smelled the baklava. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b1830 
FUTURE FORUM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise this evening to report back to the Congress on the progress of the House Democratic Caucus’ newest group, Future Forum. 
Future Forum is made up of 14 Mem-
bers of Congress who are going across the country to talk about issues facing young Americans. We launched just last Thursday. We have gone to New York, Boston, and San Francisco, and we are just warming up. 
Our goal is to listen to—not talk to— 
young Americans about issues ranging from student loan debt, climate change, access to entrepreneurship, and anything that is on their mind or standing in their way of achieving their dreams, hopes, and aspirations. 
I encourage anyone watching tonight 
across America to tweet at me and to tweet at Future Forum under #futureforum, so that we can address your concerns right here on the House floor and across the country. 
We started Thursday evening in New 
York City. I was joined by Democratic Policy and Communications chair S
TEVE ISRAEL ; Congresswoman G RACE  
MENG, who represents the Queens area; 
and Congressman S ETHMOULTON , who 
represents the greater Boston area. 
Our first stop was at the District 
Cowork space in Manhattan in the Flatiron District. You see here in this photo, this was not just any rigid, stuffy townhall. We invited young en-trepreneurs across Manhattan and 
asked them at District Cowork: What stands in your way from achieving your startup success? 
You have in this room these young, 
energetic entrepreneurs. They are ready to risk it all for their big idea. They are all millennials, aged any-where from 18 to 35; and it was a very informal, fluid session. 
What we heard was not surprising, 
but it was very striking. For too many of them, when we asked, How many of you have student loan debt, their hands went up. For too many of them, when we asked, How much is your stu-dent loan debt, their hands stayed up when I said, Is it above $25,000 or $50,000 or $100,000? 
Then I asked and my colleagues 
asked: What would you do with that money? What would you spend it on if you weren’t spending it every month on your student loan debt? 
These young, business-minded people, 
they didn’t say: I would go on a vaca-tion, or I would buy a new toy or a boat or have fun for myself. 
They said: I would invest it in my 
company. I would invest it in my com-pany. 
What do we know happens when en-
trepreneurs invest money in their com-panies? They create jobs. They create growth around their industries that put more and more Americans to work. 
Future Forum members learned a lot 
at this visit, and what we learned was that student loan debt is a barrier—not just a barrier, it is a tall brick wall that is standing in the way of an entire generation realizing their entrepre-neurial dreams. 
What we heard at District Cowork in 
New York was not unique. In San Fran-cisco, we went to Hive, and we visited their Impact Hub. Hive looked just like District Cowork. You have tall ceil-ings, nothing on the walls—they are barely painted—no carpet on the floor, just a building filled with a lot of en-ergy, a lot of good ideas, but a lot of challenges standing in their way. 
At Hive, these young entrepreneurs, 
just like other entrepreneurs across the country, they told us student loan debt is standing in their way. Forty- one million young Americans have a collective amount of $1.3 trillion in student loan debt. 
We heard from people at Hive that 
their debt was not just standing in the way of them starting their own busi-ness, but we asked the room—and at this event, I was joined by Congress-man R
UBEN GALLEGO of the Phoenix 
area and Congressman P ETEAGUILAR of 
the San Bernardino area in California and Congressman D
EREK KILMER of the 
Tacoma, Washington, area—we asked the room, about 100 people: How many of you own a home? Crickets, dead si-lent. 
How many of you have parents who 
own a home? Most of their hands went up. 
How many of you are renters now? 
Most of their hands stayed up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.093 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2410 April 22, 2015 
How many of you fear that you will 
not be able to ever own a home in your life? Again, these young people, full of energy, great ideas, great educations, their hands stayed up. 
We asked: What is standing in the 
way? The hundreds of dollars a month they are paying in student loan debt. 
Homeownership, one of the bedrocks 
of the American Dream, to have some-thing to call your own, something that we fought during our independence as a country, that right for property, to chart your own course, have your own piece of land, now, an entire generation of millennial Americans, 80 million of them, have mounting student loan debt that is going to delay their ability to buy a home, that is going to delay their ability to start and have a fam-ily, that is going to delay their oppor-tunity to chase their dreams. 
While we were in California, we also 
visited Chabot College in Hayward, California, in the 15th Congressional District, which I am proud to rep-resent. At Chabot College, we assem-bled over 100 community college stu-dents, and we asked them: How much student debt do you think you will have by the time you take your first postcollege job? 
What we learned there, again, was 
very, very bewildering. Most antici-pated that they would have $25,000 to $50,000 in student loan debt. 
We did it in a very interactive way. 
We used text polling, so we asked the students to text in their answers. We polled the group and said: Are you able to take a full load of courses so that you can get out of community college as fast as possible and move on to a 4- year university and move on into your career field? 
Most of them said that they couldn’t. 
One student told us he worked three jobs. The jobs, they were all mostly the same. They weren’t jobs that were going to put them into the area of in-dustry they would hope and aspire to be in. They were retail and restaurant jobs. 
The members of Future Forum could 
identify with this. Congressman K
IL-
MER talked about washing dishes in 
college, and Congressman G ALLEGO  
talked about working as a restaurant server, and I harkened back to my days in this town in Washington, D.C., as an unpaid intern and working at Tortilla Coast at the end of the day to make it work. 
Things are different now. Tuition 
continues to go up. These students told us, during our Future Forum visit, that they are taking a number of odd jobs just to pay for the rising cost of com-munity college. 
We talked about the President’s plan 
during the State of the Union in this very Chamber to offer free community college to anyone who was qualified and able and willing. The students were hopeful but not too optimistic. They see too many barriers and walls here in Washington to get anything done that could help them. We also asked the students to par-
ticipate in a word cloud. A word cloud is you text in an answer, and, on the screen behind us, it put different words in response to different answers. We asked the students: What would you do if you didn’t have student debt every month? What would your payment money go to? 
Again, no one said they were going to 
buy a bunch of toys or go on a bunch of fancy vacations. They said that they would probably buy a car so they didn’t have to take the bus or take the BART to class; they would hope to buy their first home; they would invest—which would help the economy. 
Future Forum was also at San Fran-
cisco State University, and a young girl at San Francisco State University, as we talked about solutions we could offer to address rising tuition rates for current students and the debt burden that 41 million Americans carry, one San Francisco State student told us that she had a dual challenge in her house. 
She was trying to pay for her own 
education, make it by, not qualifying for many student loans, while her mother also had $200,000 of her own stu-dent debt. This is a family matter— this is a family matter—not just for that young San Francisco State stu-dent, but for millions of young people across the country. This debt is begin-ning to pile up and affect multiple gen-erations. 
We had the honor of going to Boston, 
where we were hosted by Congressmen J
OEKENNEDY and S ETH MOULTON . We 
visited Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we met with young scientists, people who invested in their own future by taking student loans and going to col-lege and getting, in many cases, grad-uate degrees to work in the field of science, to work in the field of thera-pies and devices, hoping that they could play a critical role in helping people, making the world a better place. 
At Thermo Fisher, these young sci-
entists told us exactly what we heard in San Francisco and in New York City. Their student loan debt weighs on them. It holds them down like an an-chor. 
Something happened at the Thermo 
Fisher visit that we didn’t expect—be-cause you have a room full of young entrepreneurs, young scientists, but there was a mother who showed up. She kind of confessed: Well, you know, I know this event was billed as a millen-nial event. 
She told us she was worried about her 
daughter. Her daughter had gone to college, just as we had, as a society, told young people you have to do. Her daughter took out a number of student loans, and her daughter lives at home and can’t find a job. 
b1845 
What we are seeing for our millennial 
generation and what was expressed by this mother is that we are at risk of be-coming a permanent boomerang gen-
eration. We go out, and we study, and we attain a degree or training or tech-nical skills; but because of the rising costs of tuition and the debt that our generation is saddled with, we boo-merang back home. This mother told us it doesn’t just weigh on her daugh-ter, who has a college degree and is trying to find a job, but that it weighs on the entire household. 
With 41 million young people across 
our country with $1.3 trillion in stu-dent loan debt, imagine how many fam-ilies are affected by this. These are typically your parents who are just starting to realize their golden years. 
They worked so hard; paid into So-
cial Security; hopefully had a pension; and they want to retire, maybe travel, maybe take up a hobby, maybe join a local club; but their hopes and dreams—their golden retirements—are being affected by children who are re-turning to the home and need their support. We heard this all across Amer-ica on this tour. This is a family mat-ter, the student loan debt crisis in our country. 
Finally, in the Boston area, we also 
went to Greentown Labs, a clean tech incubator I visited with Congressmen M
OULTON and K ENNEDY in Somerville, 
Massachusetts. 
Here, we heard, again, about student 
loan debt, but we also were asked by a number of people at this event: What is standing in the way of fixing this prob-lem? 
We actually asked the audience: 
What do you think? From your per-spective, what do you think is standing in the way? 
So many of them told us campaign fi-
nance laws—a smart, young crowd in Somerville at Greentown Labs—cam-paign finance laws, people in the audi-ence told us—young entrepreneurs— and I thought they were just focused like a laser on their ideas and on rais-ing money for their first and second rounds of funding and on trying to scale up and getting their ideas off the ground. No. These young people, they get it. 
They told us exactly what the prob-
lem was. Because of unlimited amounts of money that can be spent in elections today, there is less courage in the Con-gress to do big things, to tackle big problems, and to help a whole country of people who need it. 
They asked us about climate change. 
Now, this was the first laboratory we had visited on the tour, and we had met with a number of young scientists who were working in the clean tech 
and clean energy areas. They asked us about climate change and what we were doing in Congress to address it. I want to just go to some of the people who have tweeted in to us about Fu-ture Forum this evening and what their thoughts are. 
I will first mention Hive, who has 
tweeted at us in San Francisco that they are excited about the ideas pre-sented and the issues raised and ‘‘let’s get to work.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.094 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2411 April 22, 2015 
I want to tell you how we are getting 
to work. This was not just a one-way talking-to with millennials. Through #futureforum, through medium.com, through the article we wrote and post-ed there, and through the information we have collected across the country, we are actually putting the ball in the court of the young entrepreneurs and students who are charting this new economy. We told them to help us crowdsource ideas that can move America forward, and they gave us some at these visits. 
With student loan debt being, prob-
ably, the biggest, most pressing issue, there was a general consensus that there are two groups affected by this. The first group is of the students who are enrolled right now and paying tui-tion and accruing debt. The second group is of the 41 million young Ameri-cans who already have student loan debt. 
The solutions that were thrown at us 
for the students who are in school now or who will be in school was, one, treat public education as a public good. Find a way to make sure that any qualified, capable person who wants to go to col-lege can do so, and keep the costs as low or as next to zero as you can. 
We had people who were so excited 
about the Future Forum who had grad-uated college 30, 40 years ago who came out and talked to us, and they harkened back to a time in California when, in the UC and Cal State systems, tuition was essentially free—they even threw in the yearbook—yet the return on investment was a whole generation of educated individuals who would con-tribute to the greatest economy in the United States: California. 
Their eyes popped out when they saw 
how much it costs today to go to UC Berkeley: $33,000 today is what it costs a year for a student to go to UC Berke-ley. People who had attended 20, 30 years ago talked about when it was al-most next to nothing. It is $33,000 a year. 
Congressman G
ALLEGO looked at that 
number—and he went to Harvard. Har-vard is the Berkeley of the East. Con-gressman G
ALLEGO looked at that num-
ber, and he said: That is about what I paid when I graduated from Harvard in the early 2000s, $33,000 a year. 
Treat education as a public good. 
Keep interest rates as low as possible. The consensus among people who met with us—these current students and en-trepreneurs—was that the government should make no money on interest rates on loans that it gives to students. 
What about the 41 million young 
Americans who have the $1.3 trillion in debt? There was a general consensus that those debtholders should be able to refinance their student loans. You can refinance an auto loan. You can re-finance your home loan, but for the 86 percent of loans that are the Federal loans of those 41 million Americans, you can’t refinance them. 
Congressman J
OECOURTNEY , a col-
league of mine from Connecticut, has a bill that would allow just that. Our Fu-
ture Forum members are on that bill, and we are hoping that it gets a vote in this Congress because this should be a bipartisan issue. 
Those 41 million Americans are not 
Democrats—they are not all Demo-crats, and they are not all Republicans. They are hopeful, aspirational young people who should benefit from the same refinancing laws that you can use with your home mortgage or with your auto loan. 
There were other big ideas, and no 
idea was too big or small for this crowd. There was the proposal to have a jubilee for all of the federally funded student loans—to take every borrower, return that money to those borrowers, to put them at zero, and watch where the money would go. 
The hypothesis was, if these students 
did not have to pay anywhere from $100 to $1,000 every month, they are not going to pocket the money; they are going to put the money back in the economy, and it would essentially be a stimulus. 
I encourage everyone across the 
country—every young person, every parent of a young person, every grand-parent of a young person—to give us your ideas. Future Forum is just get-ting started. We already are working with our colleague Congresswoman D
EBBIE DINGELL , who is excited and 
eager to host us in Michigan, and with other colleagues who want to bring us to their States to talk to young people. 
Give us your ideas. You can tweet 
them at #futureforum. Put it on Instagram. You can find us on Facebook. Tweet. Facebook. Instagram. Use social media, #futureforum. Give us your ideas be-cause the goal is for us to listen to you and then to work here in a bipartisan way to act on your behalf. 
This conversation will continue. Our 
work will go on until we have lifted the burden that stands in the way of young, aspirational entrepreneurs. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATIONS 
DESTROYING THE PATENT RIGHTS OF THE AMERICAN PEO-PLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to draw the attention of the American people and my colleagues to an issue that is rapidly coming to the floor of the House, and it is an issue that is coming so rapidly that some people might not notice the over-whelming magnitude of this issue. 
In fact, it is an issue that most peo-
ple are bored with. They don’t like to discuss it. They think it is so com-plicated that they don’t pay any atten-tion. Unfortunately, the fact that little attention is being paid to this issue 
may result in there being major dam-age to the well-being of the American people. 
What I am trying to say is there is 
legislation that will cause great harm to the American people, to our secu-rity, and to our prosperity. It is some-thing that is coming to a vote, and we could well lose unless the American people mobilize and the people in this Hall pay attention to the interests of the American people as a whole and not to major international corpora-tions that have been manipulating this issue. 
What am I talking about? I am talk-
ing about an issue that has over the years been taken for granted, that America would be the preeminent tech-nology power in the world. In fact, it has been our technology superiority that has led to the prosperity of aver-age Americans, to the standard of liv-ing that we have, and also to our safety and security as a nation. 
It isn’t that Americans have worked 
so hard—and we have worked hard—but we have coupled work with technology. In fact, people work hard all over the world, but they have not had the pat-ent protection, the protection for the intellectual rights of ownership in the development of new technology. The people around the world haven’t had this; thus, they have had standards of living very low for ordinary people and then, of course, the rich at the top. 
What we have had in our country is a 
protection of intellectual property rights by inventors. It is actually writ-ten into our Constitution. In fact, the word ‘‘right’’ is only used once in the body of the Constitution. There are the Bill of Rights in the latter part, but the word ‘‘right’’ is only related to the right that the Constitution declares for those who are writers and inventors who have created something, and they have the right to control it and to own it for a given period of time. 
This has worked so well for the 
United States. We have made sure that our people were competitive with the overseas populations, that our people produced the wealth that was nec-essary for high-paying jobs, produced the wealth that was necessary for standards of living. It comes back to the fact that we have recognized, as a right of ownership, the creativity ge-nius of our own people. 
Over the last two decades, most peo-
ple have not understood that there has been a concealed effort to destroy the patent rights of the American people. 
Let me repeat that. For the last two 
decades, we have been fighting quiet-ly—people haven’t even noticed it— against large international corpora-tions, multinationals, who would de-stroy the patent rights of the Amer-ican people. 
b1900 
Why did they want to do that? Be-
cause they want to steal the creation of our own inventors without having to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.096 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2412 April 22, 2015 
pay for that right. This is the ultimate 
little guy versus big guy, David and Goliath fight that I have ever seen in Washington, D.C., but it is also one of the quietest and one that people have tried their best to keep out of the pub-lic eye. 
So how is it that Congress could even 
conceive of this, where you have big corporations coming to say let’s neuter the rights of the little guy or of little Americans? How would this happen? How could anyone imagine that a rep-resentative body like the House of Rep-resentatives would do anything like that? 
Well, of course, they are not coming 
to this body—and they are not going to the committee of jurisdiction, which is the Committee on the Judiciary— claiming that they want to steal from little guys and that they want to take people’s ideas and use them without paying compensation for them. No, they don’t say that. 
They have had to create what I call 
the straw man argument. Now, that is a traditional way of debate. It is in the debate books. If you can’t beat your opponent in a debate, create a straw man, create an image that you are ac-tually attacking this guy, the straw man, when in reality you are attacking somebody else. Somebody else is going to suffer the pain. 
So this man’s arguments, the straw 
man arguments, you can handle them. You can say how horrible that straw man is and his arguments mean noth-ing, well, because that is not really the guy who is being attacked. It is the other man and woman down there, the small inventors. They are the ones who are going to feel it. But yet you don’t hear that from those proponents of the legislation that, as I am warning peo-ple, is on the way to the House floor. 
This straw man argumentation was 
first used 20 years ago when I got here. They were trying to suggest that we have to make major changes in our patent law because there are these hei-nous submarine patents. Over and over and over again, the submarine patents were having such a horrible impact on business because they would come up and charge people for patents that the business didn’t even know existed. 
Well, submarine patents, that went 
away. They no longer talk about sub-marine patents. Now the boogeyman that is helping them create a straw man argument that will result in the massive theft of intellectual property rights from America’s most creative people, the boogeyman now is called the patent troll. That is it: the patent troll. These huge corporations have spent millions—tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions—of dollars over these last few years trying to promote this image that there is a patent troll out there—that sounds sinister, doesn’t it?—that has to be defeated. They have proposed legislation in the name of de-feating a patent troll, because that sounds very sinister, rather than legis-lation that permits large corporations to get away with stealing the patent 
rights from small inventors in the United States. 
Well, how did this ‘‘troll’’ word come 
about? It is a relatively new word. As I say, when I first got here, they were calling them ‘‘submarine patents,’’ that is the evil force. Well, ‘‘troll’’ came about—I had a businessman who was an executive of a major company who has actually now changed sides, and he has decided, my gosh, no, he can’t go along with this destruction of Americans’ rights to own what they have created. He told me about how it was decided. 
He was in a room with senior execu-
tives, mainly from the electronics in-dustry. They went around the room saying, now, what is the most sinister- sounding word that we can come up with in order to divert the attention of the people away from the fact that our real target is these small inventors, be-cause everybody has a soft spot in their heart for small inventors, so they are going to create a false image some way. What can we do? What word can we use to fool the American people into thinking that this is an evil force that we are trying to stop when, in reality, they are trying to beat down small in-ventors? 
Well, they went around the room, the 
guy was telling me, and he said: I actu-ally suggested that they use the word ‘‘patent pirate,’’ the ‘‘patent pirate.’’ That is how horrible it is. But, no, by the time they got around to the end of the group, to the last part of the group, they had all heard ‘‘patent troll,’’ which is even worse than ‘‘patent pi-rate.’’ So they all agreed that this would be the word that we will use to deceive the American people. That is what it was all about. This business-man was very upfront with me about the cynical nature of this type of ma-nipulation. 
Well, obviously no one could come 
here and say, ‘‘We want to eliminate the rights of the American people to sue for damages,’’ and we can’t elimi-nate the rights of small inventors to actually try to get their money for something that they have invented and spent their whole lifetime trying to create, but what they can do is try to get legislation that will eliminate the ability of patent trolls to function. 
Well, unfortunately, every single 
item that is being presented as a means to control patent trolls actually does what? It hurts every single one of them, does damage to little guys try-ing to protect their patent rights. 
By the way, everything they are pre-
senting in this legislation would be the equivalent if someone says: Well, we have got this horrible thing about friv-olous lawsuits. Because, in fact, what the businessmen often are complaining about and claiming that trolls are being the ones who are doing this, what they are really talking about are frivo-lous lawsuits. 
Well, there are frivolous lawsuits 
throughout our entire justice system and court system. Would we then say 
that because there are some lawyers who are willing to scam the system or that we know that there are some peo-ple who will file frivolous lawsuits that we should eliminate the rights of the American people to sue for damages when they have been damaged by some-one or sue to protect their rights when their rights have been violated? No. But that is what is going on here. 
In the name of stopping the trolls, 
which they made up the term, we are being asked to support legislation that dramatically eliminates the rights and protections of honest inventors, al-though that is not what is being said every time there is a debate—‘‘We are for the small inventor; we are for the small inventor,’’ when every single one of the provisions hurts the small inven-tor. 
What is happening, basically, is we 
are seeing that the legislation being pushed forward now is under a bill, which is H.R. 9. It is already in the committee. It was a bill that went through last year. What happened is, yes, it went through last year with the same sort of, ‘‘Oh, we are not really trying to hurt the little guy,’’ but knowing that is what it was doing be-cause what happened is, yeah, the leg-islation passed this body. The legisla-tion passed this body. 
To show you how bad it was, I man-
aged to lead the fight and have one amendment that got one of the bad provisions out. You know what that provision was? The provision was, if a small inventor feels that the Patent Office has not been dealing with him on a legal basis, on a legitimate basis, that he no longer has the right to take his case to court. They were elimi-nating the right of our inventors to take their case to court when their government isn’t operating legally. 
Now, we managed to push that one 
back. Unfortunately, the other provi-sions of the bill moved forward. But guess what. Even though it would hurt small inventors and technology inves-tors and universities, that bill went forward out of this body, but it was stopped in the Senate. It was stopped in the Senate because some of these technology laboratories and some small inventors as well, but mainly the universities, stepped forward and said: Wait a minute. You are trying to sup-posedly get patent trolls, but what you are doing is going to undercut us. It was analyzed that the result of that legislation, if signed into law and passed through the Senate, would have decreased the value of patents owned by our universities. 
Now, that is a major source of their 
income is their patents because they have laboratories and research centers. That would have negated about half the value of the patents that they own. This would have been a disaster. Luck-ily, the universities spoke up, and they need to speak up in the House this time because it is the same bill they are try-ing to put through the House, and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.098 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2413 April 22, 2015 
are trying to ship it over to the Senate 
again. We need to make sure that we mobilize and let those people in elected office, whether they are a Congressman or a Senator, know that they have to pay attention to what the effects of this will be on our universities, what it will be on—yes, and on the small inven-tors. It is unconscionable that we have these huge multinational corporations in a power grab like this. 
Why is it that they are able to do 
this, this attack on little guys, on av-erage Americans who have dedicated their life to developing a new techno-logical idea? Why? Why is that? Well, because they are able to give major campaign contributions. I am not talk-ing about anybody’s vote being bought. I don’t believe that that happens here. I know that a lot of people claim that, but I don’t claim that. What I do know is that contributors get the attention of the Member of Congress or the Sen-ator. That is what happens. 
These big megacorporations—and 
they are multinational corporations by and large—have bought the attention of these people and have made their ar-gument. So we have 90 percent of the Members of Congress and the Senate who are yawning and nobody is talking to them about the bill, but they have got these other 10 percent with their best friends who have donated to their campaigns actually are able to make the argument. 
If we are to protect our prosperity, if 
we are to protect our security, we have got to move forward and interact with those people who are elected to rep-resent us in the Congress and the United States Senate. That is the only thing that will thwart these multi-nationals and their ability to buy the attention of a certain number of Mem-bers of Congress. 
The Congress will not pay attention 
unless the universities, unless the aver-age working people, the voters in their district come and see them and talk to them and say: We do not want our rights to be diminished. We don’t want any of our rights, but especially our patent rights, which are the rights that protect our jobs because it makes us competitive with overseas. It produces wealth enough for average people to live well in our country. 
Well, we need to make sure that 
these huge corporations don’t run roughshod over the rest of us because they, themselves, now, as I say, they haven’t bought votes; they bought at-tention. We need to call attention to this issue, and it is up before the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. We are talk-ing about H.R. 9, a piece of legislation that will do a tremendous damage to the American people by cutting off the very constitutional right that our Founding Fathers knew was so impor-tant, and that is the right to own, for a given period of time, any type of technology creation and creative ge-nius that you have as a writer or an in-ventor. 
This is the little guys versus the big 
guys. This is David versus Goliath. I will tell you, we little guys need to 
stick together. If we do, we will win. That is what America is all about. We can and will win. We will not let cyn-ical, powerful forces like those who sit around the room and say: What is the bad word that we can come up with that will scare everybody into sup-porting our restrictions and our dimin-ishing of patent rights? The cynical people came up with the word ‘‘troll.’’ 
Well, what is wrong with this, by the 
way? Let me just note that this bill, H.R. 9, will greatly diminish patent protection, but, for example, it de-stroys the right of discovery. It means that if people actually invest in a small inventor—let’s say someone, a small inventor needs an investor. Of course they do. They are not like these huge corporations. They need someone to in-vest. But later on, the big corporation does what? Steals that invention. In order to what? These big corporations are sued all the time for infringement. 
b1915 
What infringement means is they are 
arrogantly taking something that be-longs to somebody else, something that has been patented, and ignoring the patent, putting it into their product, and then say, ‘‘Well, sue me,’’ knowing that the little guys have trouble suing because they don’t have the money. 
Well, if anybody has invested in that 
inventor and the investor sues for in-fringement—let’s say his lawyers aren’t as good and he loses that case— well, now, they are changing the rules here. All of a sudden, all of the ex-penses of that big company, the legal expenses, will have to be picked up by that small inventor. 
Oh, my gosh, what happens when 
that happens? You will never get any-body to invest in that small inventor because the law not only says the in-ventor will pay for the cost of asking for the infringement case, but anybody who has invested in his invention will also have to bear that burden. Who is going to want to become liable if a big company starts stealing and they can’t prove it in court? 
The bill destroys treble damages. 
Right now, if a big company decides to steal from a little guy—well, if the lit-tle guy can prove this guy knew that that was my patent and he is stealing my intellectual property, if he can prove that, he will get treble damages. That is triple damages. 
Well, that has been what we have had 
all along. That permits the little guy to have legal counsel because, if it is just simply getting the money back that he has lost, this is damages, be-cause he gets a certain amount because he has been violated. 
Well, if you eliminate that, how will 
these little guys get a lawyer? Now, these big guys are trying to eliminate triple damages so the little guys can’t get lawyers. By doing these things, H.R. 9 will dramatically decrease the value of patents held by our major uni-versities, held by retirement accounts, held by our laboratories—the people 
who own these patents. 
Now, by the way, let me tell you 
what they claim a patent troll to be and how they claim that this is bad. A patent troll, according to these huge corporate interests, is someone who didn’t invest in something but now has the rights to sue them because that in-vestor—the ‘‘troll’’—has purchased the patent rights to certain technologies. 
Let me note that a patent sometimes 
runs around 10 to 20 years that a patent owner can own his patent. An inventor gets granted the patent, and for 17 years, they own that patent. 
Well, many of them don’t have any 
money, and they can’t even develop it, so they have to have investors. Some of them face the theft of their tech-nology, and they don’t have the money to put out, and they, themselves, chal-lenge in court that their rights have been violated. 
It is like a piece of property. If some-
body comes and builds a railroad track across your property and refuses to give you any compensation for it, well, you have a right to sue; but some of the little guys don’t have enough money to sue. 
Well, in this case, what we have got 
is legal entities that are not involved with actually the invention, but they will come in and say, I will invest in your patent so you will have enough money to sue these big guys because they are stealing from you—or they just buy the patent outright, and then they own that property for a given pe-riod of time, and then they sue. 
There is nothing wrong, I believe, 
with someone stepping forward and buying the property rights of an inven-tor and then enforcing it through our court system. There is nothing wrong with that, but we have been told that these are all frivolous lawsuits by the trolls. 
Well, they are not. Some of them are 
like this, a troll—supposedly, by that name—is nothing more than an inves-tor who has bought the property rights of an inventor, of the person who owned the property in the first place. 
What we have is these multinational 
corporations trying to vilify someone who comes in and buys patent rights from small inventors and then using that person to destroy all of the patent rights of the small inventor. 
Luckily, we have a bill in the Senate, 
which is S. 632. It is C
HRIS COONS from 
Delaware who actually has a piece of legislation to try to strengthen peo-ple’s patent rights, and it eliminates some of the—you might say—bad tac-tics that were used by people who were involved with frivolous lawsuits in the technology area. He takes care of that without greatly diminishing the patent rights of real inventors. 
We also have a bill with Representa-
tive J
OHNCONYERS here in the House, 
and that bill protects the small guy while trying to improve the Patent Of-fice. By the way, what his bill does is ensure that all the patent fees that go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.099 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2414 April 22, 2015 
into the Patent Office stay there and, 
thus, improve the quality of the pat-ents that our people have. 
Over a billion dollars has been taken 
from the Patent Office in the last 10 years and goes into the general fund when it should be spent trying to pro-tect—and trying to make the system work—intellectual property ownership by inventors. 
That is the last I have on that piece 
of legislation, which is H.R. 9, which deserves the attention of the American people. 
I would like to end my time tonight 
talking about one other issue very quickly. Today, I introduced legisla-tion, H.R. 1940, which basically says that the Federal Government shall not interfere in those States that have eliminated the penalties on marijuana use and sales or have allowed the oper-ation of medical marijuana dispensaries. 
This legislation, H.R. 1940, would ba-
sically leave it up to the States as to whether or not people should be per-mitted to use marijuana, especially medical marijuana. 
I don’t see any reason why the people 
of the United States should face the type of controls and the type of police state activity that impacts their lives by people—whether they are well meaning or not—who have set up, basi-cally, a bureaucratic law enforcement state that activates and prevents peo-ple from living their own lives. 
If, indeed, someone is using mari-
juana—for medical purposes especially, but also even for recreational use—if someone is in their backyard, smoking some marijuana, we should not spend limited dollars. 
We have limited tax dollars here. We 
are cutting off veterans’ benefits, cut-ting down on people who need help, but then we are spending it on trying to put in jail someone who is smoking marijuana in their backyard or trying to supply someone with the marijuana to smoke in their backyard. That is ab-solutely absurd. 
My bill, H.R. 1940, will insist that, if 
a State has legalized the use of mari-juana or the medical use of marijuana, the Federal Government cannot in-fringe upon that. 
It is sort of like you see a guy over in 
the corner of a park, and he is sur-rounded by policemen, and they throw him to the ground, and they handcuff him and put him in jail, and they go through the court procedures with the judges and all these expenses for smok-ing marijuana, versus the other end of the park, where some lady is getting raped, but there is no policeman there, and they spend all of their money fo-cusing on the people who are smoking marijuana. That makes no sense. 
When you have limited dollars, we 
should especially respect people’s right to live their own lives; and, if they make mistakes, which they do, they will have to live with those mistakes. 
I would ask my colleagues to support 
H.R. 1940, which is consistent with criminal law should be made at the 
State and local level and not at the Federal level. We should not have a Federal police force knocking in doors, going into people’s homes, and spend-ing huge amounts of money in order to prevent people from personal consump-tion behavior. 
I would ask my colleagues, if you be-
lieve in liberty, believe what our Founding Fathers believed in, support a strong patent system and oppose H.R. 9 and support my legislation, H.R. 1940, which will restore to the American people and to the States therein the right to control criminal law and their own personal behavior. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida (at the re-
quest of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
account of attending a Presidential visit to the Everglades National Park in his district. 
Mr. H
ASTINGS (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for April 21 through April 23. 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for the first series of votes 
today on account of medical appoint-ment regarding foot surgery. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an in-crease in the limit on the length of an agree-ment under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration pro-gram; to the Committee on Ways and Means; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce; in addition, to the Committee on Ways and Means for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 535. An act to promote energy efficiency. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 23, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1239. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-39, ‘‘Public Charter School Pri-ority Enrollment Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1240. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-40, ‘‘Chancellor of the District of Columbia Public Schools Salary Adjustment Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1241. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-41, ‘‘Health Benefit Exchange Au-thority Financial Sustainability Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1242. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-42, ‘‘Educator Evaluation Data Protection Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1243. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-38, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Clar-ification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1244. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-43, ‘‘At-Risk Funding Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1245. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-37, ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Pri-ority Area Clarification Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1246. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 20-492, ‘‘Student Nutrition on Win-ter Weather Days Act of 2014’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1247. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-48, ‘‘Reproductive Health Non- Discrimination Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1248. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-49, ‘‘Marijuana Possession De-criminalization Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1249. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-44, ‘‘Vending Regulations Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22AP7.100 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2415 April 22, 2015 
Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1250. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 20-596, ‘‘Limitations on the Use of Restraints Amendment Act of 2014’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1251. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-47, ‘‘Testing Integrity Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, section 602(c)(1); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. D ELAURO , and Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts): 
H.R. 1926. A bill to improve compliance 
with mine safety and health laws, empower miners to raise safety concerns, prevent fu-ture mine tragedies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself and 
Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 1927. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to improve fairness in class ac-tion litigation; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. M
CHENRY (for himself, Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H UD-
SON, and Mr. R OUZER ): 
H.R. 1928. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand the coverage of qualified tuition programs and increase the limitation on contributions to Coverdell edu-cation savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ITTENGER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Ms. 
SINEMA ): 
H.R. 1929. A bill to restrict United States 
nationals from traveling to countries in which foreign governments or anti-govern-ment forces allow foreign terrorist organiza-tions to engage in armed conflict for pur-poses of participating in such armed conflict or from providing material support to enti-ties that are engaged in such armed conflict, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1930. A bill to eliminate certain sub-
sidies for fossil-fuel production; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure, Natural Resources, Science, Space, and Technology, Energy and Com-merce, Agriculture, Appropriations, Finan-cial Services, and Foreign Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. C AR-
TERof Texas): 
H.R. 1931. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to sell certain Federal land, to direct that the proceeds of such sales be applied to re-duce the Federal budget deficit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural 
Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. HARTZLER: 
H.R. 1932. A bill to amend the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act of 1970 to allow em-ployers a grace period to abate certain occu-pational health and safety violations before being subject to a penalty under such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Ms. 
A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HECK of Washington, Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P AYNE , 
Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. R USH, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
SERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California, Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 1933. A bill to eliminate racial 
profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for 
herself and Mr. I SRAEL ): 
H.R. 1934. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a national Oncology Medical Home Demonstration Project under the Medicare program for the purpose of changing the Medicare payment for cancer care in order to enhance the qual-ity of care and to improve cost efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself and 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ): 
H.R. 1935. A bill to protect 10th Amend-
ment rights by providing special standing for State government officials to challenge pro-posed regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. R EED, Mrs. 
BLACK , and Mr. M ARCHANT ): H.R. 1936. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to exclude certain medical sources of evidence in making disability de-terminations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. AMODEI (for himself, Mr. 
G
OSAR , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C OOK, Mr. H ECKof 
Nevada, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. L ABRADOR , 
Mr. H ARDY , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. M CMOR-
RISRODGERS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. C OLE, Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, 
and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): 
H.R. 1937. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. R
IBBLE , 
Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin, Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , and Mr. D UFFY ): 
H.R. 1938. A bill to amend the Inspector 
General Act of 1978 to increase transparency of the Inspectors General, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1939. A bill to amend the FAA Mod-
ernization and Reform Act of 2012 to estab-lish prohibitions to prevent the use of an un-manned aircraft system as a weapon while operating in the national airspace system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
AMASH , and Mr. P OCAN ): 
H.R. 1940. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act to provide for a new rule re-garding the application of the Act to mari-huana, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND (for himself, 
Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. H ILL, Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. L UCAS , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. G ARRETT , 
Mr. M CHENRY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, and Mr. K INGof New 
York): 
H.R. 1941. A bill to improve the examina-
tion of depository institutions, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22AP7.000 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2416 April 22, 2015 
purposes; to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
By Mr. GUINTA (for himself, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. B UCHANAN , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
KINGof New York, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. D ENT, Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
JOLLY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K IL-
MER, and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER ): 
H.R. 1942. A bill to prevent human health 
threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself, Mr. 
C
APUANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T ITUS, 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. 
CONYERS ): 
H.R. 1943. A bill to require the Supreme 
Court of the United States to promulgate a code of ethics; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
By Mr. BLUM (for himself, Mr. B
UCK, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. P ETER -
SON): 
H.R. 1944. A bill to provide regulatory re-
lief to alternative fuel producers and con-sumers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1945. A bill to amend the African Ele-
phant Conservation Act and the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act to provide for trade sanctions against countries involved in illegal trade of elephant ivory and rhinoc-eros horn, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, 
Mr. K
IND, Mr. N EAL, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, and Mrs. 
DAVIS of California): 
H.R. 1946. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 
1974 to authorize the United States Trade Representative to take discretionary action if a foreign country is engaging in unreason-able acts, policies, or practices relating to the environment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, 
Mr. K
IND, Mr. N EAL, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, and Mr. M CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 1947. A bill to establish the Trade 
Agreements Enforcement Trust Fund to take actions to enforce free trade agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for 
herself, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. K USTER , 
and Miss R ICEof New York): 
H.R. 1948. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical serv-ices provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself 
and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ): 
H.R. 1949. A bill to provide for the consid-
eration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 1950. A bill to abolish certain execu-
tive agencies unless Congress disapproves of such abolishment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1951. A bill to prohibit the use of hy-
draulic fracturing or acid well stimulation treatment in the Pacific Outer Continental Shelf Region until the Secretary of the Inte-rior prepares an environmental impact state-ment and conducts a study with respect to such practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mr. F
ARR, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 1952. A bill to permanently prohibit 
oil and gas leasing off the coast of the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
SALMON , and Mr. M ULVANEY ): 
H.R. 1953. A bill to require members of 
Congress and congressional staff to abide by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act with respect to health insurance cov-erage, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 1954. A bill to align exemptions for 
general solicitation of investment in com-modity pools similar to the exemption pro-vided for general solicitation of securities under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself, Ms. 
S
LAUGHTER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. L EVIN, 
Ms. K APTUR , Ms. F UDGE , and Ms. 
NORTON ): 
H.R. 1955. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to provide as-sistance for nutrient removal technologies to States in the Great Lakes System; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. K IND, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
H.R. 1956. A bill to improve the Federal 
Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. K IND, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
H.R. 1957. A bill to improve the Federal 
Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. K IND, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
H.R. 1958. A bill to improve the Federal 
Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. K IND, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
H.R. 1959. A bill to provide Dreamer stu-
dents with access to student financial aid; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. F
ARR, 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P IN-
GREE , and Ms. L OFGREN ): 
H.R. 1960. A bill to establish national goals 
for the reduction and recycling of municipal solid waste, to address the growing problem 
of marine debris, to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to promulgate regulations to attain those goals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. 
L
OWENTHAL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
and Ms. L OFGREN ): 
H.R. 1961. A bill to authorize the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to establish a Climate Change Education Pro-gram; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 1962. A bill to establish State infra-
structure banks for education; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. 
C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. T AKAI): 
H.R. 1963. A bill to provide for the upgrade 
of the vehicle fleet of the United States Postal Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. 
L
IPINSKI , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. S ALMON , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, and Mr. R OTHFUS ): 
H.R. 1964. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to revise hiring practices for air traffic controller positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22AP7.100 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2417 April 22, 2015 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1965. A bill to exempt smaller public 
companies from requirements relating to the use of Extensible Business Reporting Lan-guage for periodic reporting to the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
TAKAI): 
H.R. 1966. A bill to authorize the President 
to reestablish the Civilian Conservation Corps as a means of providing gainful em-ployment to unemployed and underemployed citizens of the United States through the performance of useful public work, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Ms. 
H
ERRERA BEUTLER ): 
H.R. 1967. A bill to authorize Federal agen-
cies to establish prize competitions for inno-vation or adaptation management develop-ment relating to ocean acidification; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. 
B
ABIN, Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 1968. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to limit Federal court jurisdic-tion and funding over questions concerning the issue of marriage with respect to the De-fense of Marriage Act and the Constitution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Ms. 
B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. E STY, 
and Mr. C ARNEY ): 
H.R. 1969. A bill to expand eligibility for 
the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 1970. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for manufacturing job training expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for 
himself, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. H AHN, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT ): 
H.R. 1971. A bill to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions and protect the climate; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself and Mr. 
E
NGEL ): 
H.R. 1972. A bill to provide certain require-
ments for the licensing of commercial nu-clear facilities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 1973. A bill to require the Nuclear 
Regulatory Commission to retain and redis-tribute certain amounts collected as fines; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. T
AKAI, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. C LARK  
of Massachusetts, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. T EDLIEU of Cali-
fornia, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G RAYSON , and 
Ms. M ENG): 
H.R. 1974. A bill to expand access to health 
care services, including sexual, reproductive, and maternal health services, for immigrant women, men, and families by removing legal barriers to health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Mr. 
H
ULTGREN , Mr. F OSTER , and Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York): 
H.R. 1975. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require the Securi-ties Exchange Commission to refund or cred-it excess payments made to the Commission; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1976. A bill to provide for nuclear 
weapons abolition and economic conversion in accordance with District of Columbia Ini-tiative Measure Number 37 of 1992, while en-suring environmental restoration and clean- energy conversion; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. 
C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. 
QUIGLEY ): 
H.R. 1977. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-
nental Shelf Lands Act to permanently pro-hibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and North Atlantic planning areas; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. S IRES, Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
SPEIER , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. N OLAN ): 
H.R. 1978. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a veterans con-servation corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, the Judiciary, and 
Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-
self, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. M EEKS , and 
Mrs. L AWRENCE ): 
H.R. 1979. A bill to strengthen the protec-
tions from levy by the Internal Revenue Service for taxpayers in economic hardship; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARTWRIGHT ): 
H.R. 1980. A bill to enhance consumer ac-
cess to electricity information and allow for the adoption of innovative products and services to help consumers manage their en-ergy usage; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H. Res. 219. A resolution electing a Member 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 1927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
legislation is based is found in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 9; Article III, Section 1, Clause 1; and Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress author-ity over federal courts. 
By Mr. M
CHENRY: 
Hit. 1928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, which states 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 1929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following. 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests in the preamble of the Constitution providing for the ‘‘common defense’’ and in the powers governing national security in Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1930. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Caluse 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States, which states: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22AP7.100 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2418 April 22, 2015 
‘‘The Congress shall have the power to make 
all alws which shall be necessary and proprer for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution on the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof’’ 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 1931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mrs. HARTZLER: 
H.R. 1932. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I: Section 8: Clause 3 The United 
States Congress shall have power 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 1933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Section 5 of the Fourteenth 
Amendment to the United States Constitu-tion, Congress shall have the power to enact appropriate laws protecting the civil rights of all Americans. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 1934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Medicare program under Title 18 if the Social Security Act. 
By Mr. CULBERSON: 
H.R. 1935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article III, Section 2, Clause 1 & the Tenth 
Amendment. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1936. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 1937. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (re-lating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 1938. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1939. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The attached language falls within Con-
gress’ delegated authority to legislate inter-state commerce, found in Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. Further, Congress’ authority to authorize the FAA to regulate airspace within the U.S. has been found to be within its authority under the 
General Welfare clause of the U.S. Constitu-tion, Article I, Section 8, clause 1. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 1940. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to, among other things, regulate Commerce among the several States. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND: 
H.R. 1941. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Con-gress shall have power to regulate the regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 1942. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 Clause 18—The Congress shall 
have Power . . . To make Laws which shall be necessary and propey for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. SLAUGHTER: 
H.R. 1943. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. BLUM: 
H.R. 1944. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Com-
merce Clause 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1945. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 1946. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 1947. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 1948. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: 
H.R. 1949. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 of the Con-
stitution of the United States of America. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 1950. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Consititution. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1951. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1952. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS: 
H.R. 1953. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 1954. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 1955. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. HINOJOSA: 
H.R. 1956. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clauses 1 
and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA: 
H.R. 1957. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clauses 1 
and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA: 
H.R. 1958. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clauses 1 
and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA: 
H.R. 1959. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clauses 1 
and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 1960. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 1961. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 1962. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8, Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 1963. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 7 of Section 8, Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. HULTGREN: 
H.R. 1964. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, as this legis-
lation regulates commerce between the states. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, pro-viding Congress with the authority to enact legislation necessary to execute one of its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.046 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2419 April 22, 2015 
enumerated powers, such as Article 1, Sec-
tion 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1965. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.R. 1966. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, with specific power to 
provide for the general welfare of the United States and to regulate commerce among the several states, and with the Indian tribes of the Constitution. 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 1967. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 1968. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 
‘‘In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other 
public Ministers and Consuls, and those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the su-preme Court shall have appellate Jurisdic-tion, both as to Law and Fact, with such Ex-ceptions, and under such Regulations as the Congress shall make.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 ‘‘To constitute Tribunals inferior to the 
Supreme Court . . .’’ 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1969. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 1970. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes. 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California: 
H.R. 1971. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 1972. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 1973. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico: 
H.R. 1974. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. MEEKS: 
H.R. 1975. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1976. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: clauses 1 and 3 of section 8 of article I of 
the Constitution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 1977. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 1978. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 & 
Clause 18 of the Constitution, Congress, has the power ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper’’ for carrying out power including the power ‘‘To raise and sup-port Armies’’ 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 1979. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 1980. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. D IAZ-BALART and Mr. M URPHY  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 140: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 169: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 178: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 209: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 210: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 282: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 287: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 310: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 317: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 353: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 381: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 393: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 402: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 424: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 425: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 430: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 432: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 450: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 456: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. K ATKO , and Mrs. 
LAWRENCE . 
H.R. 465: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. T ROTT , 
and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 467: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. 
ESTY. 
H.R. 501: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 524: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 532: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 540: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 546: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 566: Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 591: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 592: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 605: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 624: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 662: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 670: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 672: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 702: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 712: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 717: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 721: Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 727: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 756: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 771: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 803: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 812: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 815: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 825: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. L ATTA , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 836: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 842: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 845: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 846: Mr. K IND, Mr. K EATING , and Ms. 
ADAMS . 
H.R. 868: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 885: Mr. C OLEand Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California. 
H.R. 891: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. H URD of Texas, Ms. G RANGER , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 902: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 907: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 916: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 920: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 921: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 935: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 972: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 980: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
FORBES . 
H.R. 985: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 986: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. G UTHRIE , and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 994: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 996: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 997: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
WESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and 
Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1087: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 1117: Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 1128: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 1141: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1143: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 1147: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
OLSON . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1170: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 1194: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1202: Mr. P ETERSON and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 1206: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mrs. L AW-
RENCE . 
H.R. 1215: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Ms. L EE, Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1229: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. W ILLIAMS and Mr. J OLLY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.049 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2420 April 22, 2015 
H.R. 1234: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1271: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1284: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
RUSH. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. V ELAand Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1310: Mr. D OLD, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO . 
H.R. 1312: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. B OSTand Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1383: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 1384: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1388: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 1392: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1404: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 1435: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1443: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
H.R. 1461: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 1477: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1493: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OLIS, and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1528: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 1538: Mr. J ONES and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1568: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
DOLD, and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1572: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 1594: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. N UGENT , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
WALZ, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 1610: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1612: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1613: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
BYRNE , and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1614: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1623: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1634: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 1650: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1651: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 1652: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 1666: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 1669: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
LONG, and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. R US-
SELL. 
H.R. 1674: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1675: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H IGGINS , and 
Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1677: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1700: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. 
CA´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1732: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J ENKINS of West 
Virginia, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R OONEY of Flor-
ida, Mr. R OSS, and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1737: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. 
BORDALLO , and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L ATTA , and 
Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. L ONG, Mr. W ITTMAN , and Ms. 
SLAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1786: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1800: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
H.R. 1807: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
RANGEL , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 1832: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1844: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1869: Mr. B UCKand Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1876: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1885: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1907: Mr. B RADY of Texas and Mr. B OU-
STANY . 
H.R. 1925: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.J. Res. 42: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.J. Res. 43: Mr. A MASH , Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mrs. 
NOEM. 
H.J. Res. 44: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. F LEMING , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. 
JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
and Mr. B YRNE . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
BUCK, and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. T ROTT , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C AR-
TER of Texas, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. H EN-
SARLING . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. W OODALL , 
Ms. M ENG, and Mr. S IRES. 
H. Res. 56: Mr. W ALZ. 
H. Res. 181: Mr. S ALMON . 
H. Res. 188: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H. Res. 194: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R ENACCI , 
and Mr. T ROTT . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, and Mr. 
KATKO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP7.053 H22APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2311 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2015 No. 59 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Immortal God, You are the meaning 
and mystery of all that is, was, and is to be. Thank You for Your sustaining love and for the opportunities to learn from each other. Thank You for the challenges and difficulties You use to test and refine us. 
Lord, give our lawmakers the wisdom 
to trust the unfolding of Your provi-dence. May they embrace a humility that seeks first to understand, instead of striving first to be understood. De-liver them from a false patriotism that would render unto Caesar what belongs to You. Guide them with Your powerful hand until the potentates of this world acknowledge Your sovereignty and might. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). The Democratic leader is rec-
ognized. 
f 
CHEMICAL WEAPONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, yesterday 
marked the 100th anniversary of a hei-nous and violent event that has trag-ically changed the world. On April 21, 1915, near the beginning of World War I, the German Army introduced to the 
world large-scale chemical weapons. That gas swept the battlefield. People died and suffered enduring pain, and those who survived, with rare excep-tion, suffered the rest of their lives. 
The Kaiser’s army released tons of 
chlorine gas, nearly devastating the Allied line in Belgium. Europe would never be the same. The world would never be the same. 
The use of poisonous gas proliferated 
during World War I, bringing death and devastation to members of the military and civilians. Following World War I, nations joined to support the Geneva Protocol of 1925, declaring that chem-ical weapons were so barbaric, so evil that they should be prohibited from use. 
The use of chemical weapons has con-
tinued. The world will never forget the atrocities perpetrated by Hitler during World War II, as Nazi Germany used chemicals in the genocide of millions of Jews. During the Nazi regime, at the beginning of it, five men—one name started with S, one started with A, one started with R, I, and N—invented sarin gas. The world will not forget the atrocities perpetrated by the Hitler re-gime during World War II as Nazi Ger-many used chemicals in the genocide of millions—millions—of Jews. 
The Iraq-Iran war of the 1980s was an-
other terrible instance of lethal gasses being deployed as a tool of warfare. In 1988, Saddam Hussein unleashed a chemical arsenal on his own people, killing thousands of Kurds. Those pic-tures are available to see. The people are indiscriminately lying there—old men, old women, middle aged people, and babies. The world witnessed these events in horror and decided inter-national action was absolutely nec-essary again. In 1992, the Chemical Weapons Convention was adopted in Geneva. The Chemical Weapons Con-vention outlaws the production, stock-pile, and use of chemical weapons and requires their destruction. I voted for that ratification with pleasure. I voted 
for ratification—which was ratified here in the Senate—of the convention to do something more about these chemical weapons. 
But in spite of other efforts, the use 
of chemical weapons endures. One hun-dred years have passed since that fate-ful date in Belgium, and the world has yet to end the evil of those poisons. Today, Bashar al-Assad and his regime and forces loyal to him in Syria are re-sponsible for horrific violence that vio-lates basic decency. It violates inter-national laws of war and has shocked the global conscience. 
It is no secret that Assad has repeat-
edly used chemical weapons against the Syrian people and the country over which he dictates. Even after Syria was compelled to accede to the conven-tion—the Chemical Weapons Conven-tion in 2013—there is clear evidence that Assad has continued to reign ter-ror over his own people by using barrel bombs filled with chlorine to indis-criminately wreak havoc. 
We are reminded of this all the time. 
I do not usually watch ‘‘60 Minutes.’’ It is a good program, but I usually have other things to do. But I watched be-cause of the promotion on Sunday evening about something they were going to do on ‘‘60 Minutes.’’ They had graphic pictures that had never been shown before of what this evil person who runs this country of Syria did to his own people. 
Sadly, in addition to the use of chem-
ical weapons, the Assad regime has car-ried out all manner of atrocities throughout the course of the 4-year civil war in Syria. As we speak, about 400,000 Syrians have been killed. He is responsible for the vast majority of those deaths. That does not take into consideration the millions of people who have been displaced. 
The regime has committed war 
crimes and crimes against humanity, including starvation, systematic mur-der, torture, rape, sexual violence and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.000 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2312 April 22, 2015 
enforced disappearance. If there were 
ever, ever something that is evil, bad, wrong, it is what he has done. The ac-tion of the Assad regime has resulted in the deaths—as I indicated—of count-less innocent civilians and has sewn discord and disarray across the regime. 
Yet Assad has repeatedly lied to the 
world about using chemical weapons. He loves to get on these shows. The U.S. journalists go over there, and he sits there before us talking all of these lies about what he has not done. There are dead people—hundreds of thousands of them there. There are barrel bombs, cluster bombs. He targets civilians. He starves them, demonstrating again and again what a terrible person he is and someone who cannot be believed about anything he says. 
I am going to submit a Senate resolu-
tion condemning the actions of the Assad regime and its military forces for these crimes they have carried out against humanity. This legislation will express the Senate support for the re-ferral of these evil acts that Assad has perpetrated and that have also been perpetrated by other Syrian officials and of course by the military leaders to an appropriate international tribune. 
Also, I have to say, it turns my stom-
ach to hear people talk about making a peace deal in Syria and having Assad be a part of that deal. How could we do that? This resolution will make clear the Senate’s opposition to any role for Bashar al-Assad in any final settle-ment of that civil war. I am confident my Senate colleagues will join me in condemning the Assad regime and its unthinkable campaign of evil against its own people. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, we 
will have a busy day of voting today. Senators should expect two rollcall votes at approximately 10:45 a.m. this morning and up to six rollcall votes starting at 2 p.m. to finish the antitrafficking bill. I filed cloture on the Lynch nomination last night, and under the regular order, that cloture vote would occur 1 hour after the Sen-ate convenes tomorrow. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 1035 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill ( S. 1035) to extend authority relat-
ing to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING LEGISLA-
TION AND LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
help is finally on the way for the thou-sands of enslaved victims who suffer unspeakable abuse in the shadows. These victims often have nowhere safe to sleep. They often have no safe place to turn to. And if they do try to escape, many risk being treated by the justice system like criminals instead of the victims they truly are. 
These victims deserve the help the 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act would provide. It is a human rights bill that victims groups and advocates have called ‘‘the most comprehensive and thoughtful piece of anti-trafficking legislation currently pending’’ and one that provides unprecedented support to domestic victims of trafficking, who are all too often invisible and under-served. 
We are relieved we can finally say 
that we will pass it today and that the Senate won’t violate longstanding bi-partisan Hyde precedent in doing so. But let me be as clear as possible. There was never a logically consistent rationale for the filibuster that held up this bill, and the nonpartisan Congres-sional Research Service explicitly backed up what Republicans have long said when it confirmed that there are no private funds in this bill. 
Thankfully, the filibuster is at an 
end. Today is a new day. Today, we will finally vote to deliver much needed re-sources for the victims of modern slav-ery, with Hyde essentially applying to all funds used for health and medical services, just as it was in the original bill. This is nothing new; it is simply a reaffirmation of the status quo. 
We know that today’s outcome would 
not have been possible without the Herculean efforts of my colleague Sen-ator C
ORNYN . He was absolutely deter-
mined to see justice for victims, and we really cannot thank him enough. He negotiated across the aisle in good faith. He never gave up, not even in the bleakest hour. And today, the real focus of all our efforts—the victims of trafficking and modern slavery—can see that help is finally on the way. 
We thank Senator C
ORNYN . We thank 
his negotiating partners from both par-ties. We thank Chairman G
RASSLEY for his superb work on this important bill 
in the Judiciary Committee as well. We look forward to this bill’s passage in the House and its signature by the President. 
Mr. President, once the Justice for 
Victims of Trafficking Act passes in the Senate, we will turn to consider-ation of the President’s nominee to be Attorney General. That is just what I pledged we would do, and that is what we will do. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
one final matter, I believe we are going to be hearing from the chairman of the Finance Committee shortly. Senator H
ATCH will be on the floor to discuss bi-
partisan trade promotion authority legislation which is important because we know that trade is the key to sup-porting high-quality American jobs and exporting more of the things American workers make and exporting more of the things American farmers grow. 
Congress is working again, and this 
bipartisan bill is another sign of that. No legislation will ever be perfect, but Chairman H
ATCH and Ranking Member 
WYDEN , along with Chairman R YAN in 
the House, put together an agreement of which we can all be proud. It pro-tects and enhances Congress’s role in the trade-negotiating process, while making sure Presidents of either party will have the ability to negotiate good agreements that can increase growth in our American economy and support many high-quality American jobs. They are marking up that bill today. I wish them the best of luck. We look forward to having it on the floor in the very near future. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 178, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cornyn) amendment No. 
1120, to strengthen the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act by incorporating additional bipartisan amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I wish 
to say very briefly—I know the distin-guished chairman of the Finance Com-mittee is on the floor to speak on an important matter—I would like to ex-press my gratitude to the majority leader for his determination to see this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.001 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2313 April 22, 2015 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act 
come to completion in the Senate, which it will this afternoon. It would not have happened without his deter-mination to make it happen. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1120 WITHDRAWN  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I with-
draw my amendment No. 1120. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1124 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I offer 
amendment No. 1124. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Texas [Mr. C ORNYN ], for 
himself, Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
proposes an amendment numbered 1124. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strengthen the Justice for Vic-
tims of Trafficking Act by incorporating additional bipartisan amendments) 
Strike section 101 and insert the following: 
SEC. 101. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 and ending on September 30, 2019, in addition to the assessment im-posed under section 3013, the court shall as-sess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slav-
ery, and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual 
abuse); 
‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation 
for illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or 
‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person in-duced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an in-dividual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter (and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -OR-
DERED OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under 
subsection (a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satis-fied all outstanding court-ordered fines, or-ders of restitution, and any other obligation related to victim-compensation arising from the criminal convictions on which the spe-cial assessment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSFERS .—In a manner consistent 
with section 3302(b) of title 31, there shall be transferred to the Fund from the General Fund of the Treasury an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available 
until expended. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts in the 
Fund, in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019, use amounts available in the Fund to award grants or enhance victims’ program-ming under— 
‘‘(A) section 204 of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in 
subsection (h)(2), none of the amounts in the Fund may be used to provide health care or medical items or services. 
‘‘(f) C
OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to subsection (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—Subject to 
section 3613(b), the obligation to pay an as-sessment imposed on or after the date of en-actment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full. 
‘‘(h) H
EALTH OR MEDICAL SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSFER OF FUNDS .—From amounts 
appropriated under section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)), as amended by section 221 of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, there shall be transferred to the Fund an amount equal to the amount transferred under subsection (d) for each fiscal year, except that the amount transferred under this paragraph shall not be less than $5,000,000 or more than $30,000,000 in each such fiscal year, and such amounts shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Attorney General, 
in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall use amounts transferred to the Fund under paragraph (1) to award grants that may be used for the provision of health care or medical items or services to victims of trafficking under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
used under paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000, if such amounts are available in the Fund during the relevant fiscal year, shall be used for grants to provide services for child pornography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF PROVISION .—The appli-
cation of the provisions of section 221(c) of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 shall continue to apply to the amounts transferred pursuant to para-graph (1).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I will be 
back to speak further on the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, but for now I yield to my friend and colleague, 
the chairman of the Finance Com-mittee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Under the previous order, there 
will be 1 hour of debate equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. I thank both of my col-
leagues who have spoken this morning, Senators M
CCONNELL and C ORNYN . 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
take a few minutes this morning to talk once again about Congress’s role in advancing our Nation’s trade policy. While I know trade policy can be a very contentious topic here in Congress, there are two simple facts that are be-yond dispute: No. 1, more than 96 per-cent of the world’s consumers live out-side of the United States, and No. 2, in order to be competitive, American businesses need to be able to sell more American-made products and services to those overseas customers. In order to do that, we need to tear down bar-riers to American exports. At the same time, we should lay down enforceable rules for our trading partners so that we can be sure American workers and job creators are competing on a level playing field. 
In order to accomplish these goals 
and to advance our Nation’s interests in the global marketplace, Congress and the administration need to work together. Most people acknowledge this reality. Yet, there are differing views as to what mechanisms should be in place to facilitate cooperation between these two branches of government. In the end, there is only one legislative tool with a proven track record, and that is trade promotion authority, oth-erwise known as TPA. 
For decades—going back as far as 
FDR—TPA has been a cornerstone of U.S. trade policy. TPA is a compact be-tween the Senate, the House, and the administration. Under this compact, the administration agrees to pursue ob-jectives specified by Congress and to consult with Congress as it negotiates trade agreements. In turn, both the House and the Senate agree to allow for expedited consideration of trade agreements without amendments. 
For a number of reasons, this com-
pact is essential for conclusion and passage of strong trade agreements. Put simply, without TPA, our trading partners will not put their best offers on the table because they will have no guarantee that the agreement they reach will be the one Congress actually votes on in the end. 
The most recent version of TPA ex-
pired 8 years ago. While trade negotia-tions have continued since that time, without TPA in place, our negotiators have effectively been negotiating with one arm tied behind their backs. We need to renew TPA sooner rather than later in order to give these negotiators the tools they need to reach the best deals possible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.004 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2314 April 22, 2015 
The stakes are very high. Currently, 
the United States is in the midst of ne-gotiating some of the most ambitious trade agreements in our Nation’s his-tory—most notably, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP. If we want those negotiations to succeed—and I would hope that for the good of our country most of us do want them to succeed— we need to renew TPA. 
Last week, I was joined by my col-
league Senator W
YDEN and Chairman 
RYAN of the House Ways and Means 
Committee in introducing the Bipar-tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015. This legislation would renew TPA and pro-mote the advancement of 21st-century trade policies. Later today—in just a little while, in fact—the Senate Fi-nance Committee will be marking up this bill, as well as other important pieces of trade legislation. 
It has taken a long time to get here. 
As you may recall, I, along with the two former chairmen, Senator Baucus and Congressman Camp, introduced a bill to renew TPA early last year. That bill had bipartisan support in Congress and was broadly endorsed by the busi-ness community. It also had the sup-port of officials in the Obama adminis-tration. 
When Republicans took control of 
the Senate this year and I became the chairman of the Senate Finance Com-mittee, I made renewing TPA my top trade priority for this Congress and set out to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. This legislation we will be marking up today is the re-sult of that hard work, and I am grate-ful to my colleagues for working with me to get us this far. 
Of course, the effort to renew TPA 
really began a long time before we in-troduced our bill last year. Indeed, the discussion and debate over a new and improved TPA began even before the last iteration expired in 2007. We have been talking about this for a long time. Now is the time to act. 
Over the past few weeks, as we have 
been preparing to move our legislation forward, some people—including some of my colleagues—have expressed con-cerns about TPA and trade agreements in general. So I wish to take a few min-utes this morning to address some of the specific issues that have been raised. 
Constitutional and sovereignty con-
cerns. Some have argued that TPA cedes too much power to the adminis-tration and undermines Congress’s con-stitutional authority to make laws. 
I know the people have heard the 
President claiming that TPP—the Trans-Pacific Partnership—will be ‘‘the most progressive trade agreement in history,’’ and they have heard him brag about the labor and environ-mental standards the administration is shooting for with the agreement. The question inevitably becomes, will President Obama try to use this or other trade agreements to try to ad-vance unilateral changes in U.S. law and policy? Even though we all know 
that no trade agreement can go into force without Congress’s approval, given this administration’s track record on executive overreach, people are right to be concerned about these issues. 
Fortunately, our TPA bill addresses 
these uncertainties. Rather than ceding authority to the executive branch, our bill empowers Congress at every step, from trade negotiations to final approval of the agreement itself. 
Our bill makes clear what objectives 
a trade agreement must reach in order to be approved by Congress. In fact, the bill contains the clearest articulation of trade priorities in our Nation’s his-tory. It includes nearly 150 ambitious, high-standard negotiating objectives, including strong rules for intellectual property rights and agricultural trade, as well as protections for U.S. invest-ment. 
In addition to setting negotiating ob-
jectives, our legislation constrains the administration in a number of ways. For example, it ensures that imple-menting bills for trade agreements will include—and I am quoting the text of the bill—‘‘only such provisions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to im-plement’’ trade agreements. 
Additionally, it makes clear that any 
commitments made by the administra-tion that are not disclosed to Congress before an implementing bill is intro-duced are not to be considered part of the relevant agreement and will have no force of law. 
Our legislation clarifies that trade 
agreements must be concluded within the TPA timeframe and that any sub-stantial modifications or additions made after that time will not be eligi-ble for approval under TPA procedures. 
So while I understand and even sym-
pathize with those who might be sus-picious of this administration and its tendency to push the boundaries of its constitutional authority, our TPA bill speaks to these exact concerns. 
Furthermore, for those who might be 
worried that trade agreements could we used to harm U.S. sovereignty, our bill addresses those issues as well. 
First, the bill makes clear that any 
provision of a trade agreement that is inconsistent with Federal or State law will have no effect. 
Second, it states specifically that 
Federal and State laws will prevail in the event of a conflict with the trade agreement. 
Third, it affirms that no trade agree-
ment can prevent Congress or the States from changing their laws in the future. 
Fourth, it confirms that the adminis-
tration cannot unilaterally change U.S. law. 
As you can see, far from abdicating 
Congress’s power from U.S. trade pol-icy, our TPA bill enhances the role of Congress when it comes to trade agree-ments. 
Immigration. In addition to general 
concerns about constitutional powers and U.S. sovereignty, I have heard 
some express specific concerns that President Obama can use the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership to enact changes to our immigration laws and that TPA will somehow empower him to do so. These concerns are unfounded for at least two reasons. 
First, immigration is completely ir-
relevant to the objectives of the TPP agreement and administration officials have been clear and unequivocal that no immigration provisions are under negotiation. 
Just last week, USTR Michael 
Froman testified before the Senate Committee on Finance and said: 
I can assure you that we are not negoti-
ating anything in TPP that would require any modifications of the U.S. immigration laws or system, any changes to our existing visa system. And, in fact, TPP will explicitly state that it will not require changes in any party’s immigration laws or procedures. 
Second, even if people don’t trust 
this administration, particularly when it comes to immigration, the provi-sions of our TPA bill, the ones I just got through talking about, provide greater congressional oversight and au-thority over trade agreements and pre-vent this or any future administration from misleading Congress about what is included in any trade agreement. 
In other words, if anyone is worried 
that despite their clear statements to the contrary, the administration will use TPP to advance its immigration agenda, they should support our TPA bill. 
Transparency. Another concern I 
have heard from people both in and out of government is that trade agree-ments currently under discussion have been negotiated behind closed doors and that by renewing TPA, Congress would be enabling this type of secrecy. 
Nothing could be further from the 
truth. In fact, the opposite is true. Our TPA bill goes further than any pre-vious version of TPA to promote trans-parency both for Members of Congress and the American people. 
Under our legislation, any Member of 
Congress who wants access to the nego-tiating text will get it, and at any time during the negotiations, Members of Congress will be able to request and re-ceive a briefing from USTR on the sta-tus of negotiations. 
In addition, the bill will require the 
administration to publicly release the full text of an agreement at least 60 days before they sign it, giving the American people full access and knowl-edge of all trade agreements before they are signed and well before they are submitted to Congress for their ap-proval. 
In short, any Member of Congress 
who is concerned about a lack of trans-parency in trade negotiations should be a cosponsor of the Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA bill. 
Currency. The last concern I will 
talk about today deals with currency manipulation. Specifically, I have heard from colleagues that our TPA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.005 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2315 April 22, 2015 
bill should include stronger, enforce-
able standards to prevent our trading partners from engaging in currency manipulation. 
Now, make no mistake, I think cur-
rency manipulation is a serious issue. Like my colleagues, I am worried the currency policies of a number of coun-tries, including some of our trade part-ners, continue to have negative con-sequences on U.S. businesses and work-ers. I believe Congress should carefully 
consider ways to address this issue. That is why, for the first time, our TPA bill includes a negotiating objec-tive intended to address currency ma-nipulation. 
While I understand some of my col-
leagues would like that provision to be stronger, this is a very complex issue. Many have expressed valid concerns that by requiring our trade agreements to contain enforceable currency provi-sions we would be inviting a number of unintended consequences, including challenges to U.S. monetary policy. In addition, most have acknowledged that such provisions would effectively derail the TPP negotiations, harming our farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, and others who so desperately need access to these markets. 
It is not just me saying this. Yester-
day, I received a letter from Treasury Secretary Lew expressing these very concerns about the possibility of in-cluding enhanced currency provisions in TPA. On top of that, 10 former Treasury Secretaries, from both Re-publican and Democratic administra-tions, sent a letter to congressional leaders that made similar arguments. 
As you can see, there is more than 
ample reason to doubt the wisdom of inserting stronger currency provisions into TPA. I think it is fair, given Sec-retary Lew’s very clear statements, to assume that President Obama would not sign a TPA bill that included such provisions, and I think it is more than fair to say that even if he would sign such a bill, it would be devastating to our ongoing trade negotiations; there-by, threatening growth and jobs right here at home. That being the case, I hope my colleagues pursuing this route will reconsider their positions. 
Once again, we are going to mark up 
our TPA bill later today. I am excited and pleased for this opportunity. I think we will get a strong bipartisan vote to report the bill and send it to the floor. We have crafted a very good bill, one that I think Members of both parties can support. I know some Mem-bers have anxieties and concerns about these issues. We have put the bill to-gether with those types of concerns in mind and, as I think I have dem-onstrated today, anyone who is truly supportive of trade and of opening for-eign markets to U.S. goods and serv-ices and wants to create more good jobs right here at home should support our bill. 
Since the day we introduced our leg-
islation, letters and statements of sup-port have been pouring in. I will men-tion just a few. We have had statements from admin-
istration officials, including the Presi-dent himself, and to say support from the business community has been over-whelming would be a gross understate-ment. We have letters from virtually every industry—farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, tech companies, health care companies, and I could literally go on and on, but I will not, at least not right now. Instead, today, I will just mention two of the many letters of support we have received from busi-nesses and job creators. 
I have a letter from the Trade Bene-
fits America Coalition signed by hun-dreds of companies and major trade as-sociations expressing their strong sup-port for the Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA bill. 
I have another letter signed by near-
ly 300 State and local chambers of com-merce, farm bureaus, and manufac-turing associations, all expressing their support for the swift renewal of TPA. 
Leaders from a number of leading 
conservative organizations have ex-pressed support as well, including the Conservative Reform Network, the Cato Institute, Americans for Tax Re-form, American Enterprise Institute, American Action Forum, Tea Party Express, 60 Plus, American Commit-ment, American Conservative Union, Americans for Job Security, Center for Individual Freedom, Citizens for Lim-ited Taxation, Competitive Enterprise 
Institute, Conservative Reform Net-work, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, Crossroads GPS, Digital Liberty, Ending Spending, Frontiers of Freedom, Georgia Center Right Coalition, Institute for Liberty, Minnesota Center Right Coalition, Na-tional Taxpayers Union, R Street, Rio Grande Foundation, Taxpayer Founda-tion Alliance, and the Thomas Jeffer-son Institute for Public Policy. 
That is a long list and by no means 
contains everybody who is for this bill, and it is growing every day. As you can see, TPA is supported across the ideo-logical spectrum. 
I suppose this is the best way I can 
put it: Senator T
EDCRUZ coauthored 
an op-ed with Senator Ryan in support of our bill in today’s Wall Street Jour-nal. If both T
EDCRUZ and Barack 
Obama support our legislation, it is probably safe to say we are onto some-thing. 
I appreciate all the support we have 
received thus far for our TPA bill. It has been gratifying to see, and I look forward to talking more with col-leagues about these issues in the com-ing week. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the time dur-ing quorum calls before the votes this morning be equally divided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
THE NEW CONGRESS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it is 
over 100 days since the 114th Congress has been in session led by a new major-ity following the November election. This Chamber can point to significant accomplishments in this short period of time. 
Now, none of us is spiking the foot-
ball or saying that we have done mirac-ulous things, but it is undeniable that we have made discernible, concrete progress on important matters that af-fect the lives and the quality of life of the American people. 
In only 3 weeks into the new Con-
gress, the Senate already had more votes on amendments than the Cham-ber did in all of last year. What that means is that, on a bipartisan basis, Senators have been able to contribute their ideas on legislation—how to im-prove it and get votes on it. That was something we promised voters that would change after the last election. In the new Congress and under the new majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , 
we have delivered. 
Just a few weeks ago, the Senate 
passed a budget that actually balances in 10 years—something the Chamber has done only once since 2009. More re-cently, we sent to the President’s desk the so-called doc fix, which, more im-portantly, ensured access to the doc-tors and hospitals that our seniors need. We also made great strides in providing the American people a final say on the Iran nuclear deal that is being negotiated now by the Presi-dent’s representatives. We have made progress on bipartisan legislation that ensures the United States will get the best deal with our trading partners in pending negotiations—opening up American goods and services to global markets, which is good for our econ-omy. It is good for jobs, and it is good for better wages for hard-working American families. 
But I must say, even with all of these 
accomplishments, I am most proud of the deal we were able to reach this week concerning the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act. 
I have noticed one thing since I have 
been here in Washington; it is that the rich and powerful seem to do pretty well. They are well represented on K Street, and they are not hesitant about letting their needs be known. But one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.006 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2316 April 22, 2015 
indicator of the character of a nation is 
how that nation—our Nation—treats those who are the most vulnerable in our society, those who actually need our help, who do not have lobbyists or other people working on their behalf in the halls of Congress. 
So this legislation, I think, actually 
is a very positive step because it dem-onstrates that we have not fallen deaf to the cries of those who actually need our help—the victims of human traf-ficking. 
This legislation will be instrumental 
in helping victims of sexual abuse and trafficking recover from a life in bond-age, and it will provide stronger tools for law enforcement officials to track down and punish those who want to keep them in the shadows, who want to continue to make profit from the pain, the anguish, and the involuntary ser-vitude of typically young women be-tween the ages of 12 and 14. And often these young women—these children— are treated as criminals and not as the victims they truly are. With the pas-sage of this bill, we are one step closer to reining it in. 
So I thank our colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle, some of whom are here in the Chamber, for working with us in the spirit of trying to accomplish something important and actually get-ting it done. I know the distinguished ranking member on the Judiciary Com-mittee, with whom I partnered on a number of important topics, is here, and I thank him for his contribution. And the Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
URRAY , has been very important 
in the negotiation and in getting us to yes. 
Finally—and I know time is short, so 
I will have more to say on this later. But there are literally 200 outside groups—faith-based groups, law en-forcement organizations, and other or-ganizations—that worked on the side-lines cheering us, asking us to get this done—groups such as Rights4Girls, Shared Hope International, Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, the End Child Prostitution and Trafficking or-ganization, and the National Associa-tion to Protect Children. These groups and hundreds of others across the coun-try have literally been our boots on the ground. 
I also think it is important to recog-
nize organizations such as Google Ideas and the McCain Institute, particularly Cindy McCain, who joined me in Hous-ton recently to talk more about this important topic. 
So there are a lot of people who con-
tributed to get us to where we are today. We are not done yet. We have some important votes in just a few minutes—a total of 8 votes today—be-fore we complete our work on this leg-islation, but I think this is a good day. This will be a good day for the Senate and for the victims of human traf-ficking. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. AMENDMENT NO . 301 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 301. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. L EAHY ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 301. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of March 16, 2015, under ‘‘Text 
of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate what the Senator from Texas has said. We have worked together. I hope we continue to do this, but before I talk about my substitute, I want to yield the floor to the distinguished Senator from Washington State. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, so 
many Members helped us get this bill back on a bipartisan path, but I want to thank Senators R
EID, CORNYN , KLO-
BUCHAR , F EINSTEIN , M IKULSKI , and 
LEAHY in particular for their work. I 
also want to thank all of the staff who have worked extremely hard to get this done, especially Melanie Rainer from my staff. 
From the beginning of this debate, 
Democrats have been very clear that this bill to help survivors should focus squarely on that goal alone. We also felt this conversation was no place for a debate about restrictions on women’s health access. While there are clear dif-ferences between the two parties when it comes to women’s health, I know Senator C
ORNYN and many others 
agreed with us that an effort to fight back against human trafficking in our country is, without question, no place for gridlock and dysfunction. It should not have taken this long, but I am very pleased that we were able to work to-gether, find common ground, and reach an agreement. 
This agreement isn’t perfect. No 
comprise ever is, and I am sure my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle would say the same thing. I believe there is much more we can and must do to protect and strengthen women’s ac-cess to comprehensive, high-quality health care. 
In the 21st century, there is no rea-
son a woman should be prevented from exercising her constitutionally guaran-teed right to make her own choices about her own body. That is something I could not feel more strongly about, and I am going to keep working to not only protect that right but expand and improve access to care for women across the country. 
I am very glad, however, that the 
amendment we are proposing this morning would provide survivors now 
with real, dedicated funds and support, including important health services. Critically, this amendment would take away the expansion of restrictions on women’s health that would have oc-curred under the original legislation. It would ensure that the Hyde language is now not expanded to any new programs under this bill. 
I hope my colleagues will join us in 
supporting this amendment so we can pass this bill to help trafficking sur-vivors, and then move as quickly as possible to confirm our highly qualified nominee for Attorney General. 
I thank my colleagues again for their 
work to reach this compromise. The families and communities we serve rightly expect us to work together to solve problems and not let gridlock and dysfunction get in the way of results. I am very pleased we were able to find that common ground and a path for-ward for this important legislation. I am very hopeful that now we will be able to continue working together to tackle the many other challenges our country faces. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, my sub-
stitute amendment, No. 301, brings to-gether three very important bills that provide a comprehensive approach to preventing human trafficking and help survivors rebuild their lives. First, it includes the Leahy-Collins-Murkowski- Ayotte amendment to protect runaway and homeless youth from trafficking. Second, it includes the Klobuchar-Cor-nyn bill as reported in February by the Judiciary Committee. The safe harbor bill encourages States to treat victims of trafficking as victims and not—as oftentimes they are treated—as crimi-nals. Finally, it includes the Cornyn- Klobuchar bill, S. 178, but without the divisive language that limits victims’ services, which has held us up so long. 
My amendment came about as a re-
sponse to the request of survivors and the dedicated people who work with them, the people who actually see this day-by-day, for whom it is not a theo-retical thing, but is an actual day-by- day crisis. They have urged us to re-move the unnecessary and harmful pro-vision which stalled this bill for weeks. 
Congress has a long history of pass-
ing legislation to address human traf-ficking. We did so in the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthoriza-tion Act, which included the reauthor-ization of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act. We consistently have ad-dressed human trafficking legislation without abortion politics being in-serted in the discussion. My amend-ment would return us to the path of the bipartisan bills we passed in years past. Importantly, my amendment is going to make sure we are preventing human trafficking in the first place. 
It is one thing to work with children 
after they become victims. I think we would all agree it is better if we can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.007 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2317 April 22, 2015 
help prevent them from becoming vic-
tims. The best way to do that is to sup-port runaway and homeless kids. With-out a safe place to sleep, these children and teens are exceptionally vulnerable to human traffickers. The Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, first passed in 1974, funds tried-and-true programs to help these youth stabilize their lives. When a homeless or runaway teen is looking for a place to stay and 
there is nothing available, they some-times resort to desperate measures. They are picked up almost at once by sex traffickers and exploited. 
The substitute amendment reauthor-
izes and strengthens the programs that have worked ever since 1974. It adds training for service providers so we can better identify victims of trafficking and refer them to the appropriate re-sources. It includes language to pre-vent discrimination against homeless youth based on their sexual orientation or gender identification. 
We found, in the testimony before 
the Judiciary Committee, a growing number of homeless and runaway youth identify as LGBT. Many of them have actually been thrown out of their homes for who they are. I am a parent; 
I am a grandparent. I find this heart-breaking to me that any child, any child for whatever reason would be thrown out of their home. We have to ensure that these vulnerable children who have already been rejected do not face rejection again because of how they look or dress or whom they love. 
I urge all Senators to support this 
amendment. This is a moral issue. If we are serious about listening to sur-vivors and responding to their needs and if we are serious about preventing human trafficking and protecting vul-nerable children in the first place, this amendment is the strongest option be-fore us. 
We should be judged by what we do 
for the most vulnerable among us. The combination of these three bills should bring us together. I urge the Senate to support this comprehensive substitute. 
Several of us in this body, both par-
ties, have had the privilege to serve law enforcement before coming here, as I did. I said many times on this floor that I still have nightmares today, 40 years later, from some of the scenes I saw back then. I could arrest and pros-ecute these people who harm these youth, but we could never give back to the youth who they were before they were harmed. 
Unfortunately, what I have night-
mares about happens in so many more places. In the distinguished Presiding Officer’s own home State, as well as the home States of every single Mem-ber of this body, it is happening today. These are the most vulnerable of our citizens. We as Senators should help protect them. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
REQUEST FOR COMMITTEE ON FINANCE TO MEET  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be allowed to meet 
during today’s session of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SANDERS. I object to the unani-
mous consent request to waive rule XXVI to allow the Finance Committee to pass a fast-track bill that will un-dermine the American worker. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, let 
me say to my good friend from Vermont, the Finance Committee is scheduled to deal with the trade pro-motion authority issue this afternoon. There are over 200 amendments. I would say to my friend, all this objec-tion is going to do will be to require us to recess after the votes on trafficking and stay in session because we are going to finish the bill in the Finance Committee today. I appreciate the Sen-ator’s opposition, but I want to make clear to him and to our colleagues that it will not prevent the trade promotion authority bill from being dealt with in Finance today. We will simply go into recess after we finish the trafficking bill and stay in recess, and the com-mittee will work until it reports out the bill. 
I understand the Senator’s vigorous 
opposition to it. The Senator has made that quite clear. It is certainly under-standable. The Senator has a right to do that. I am just making the point that this particular way to oppose it will not be successful today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me 
say to my friend, the majority leader, I appreciate his position. But as he knows, not only is there massive oppo-sition to this TPP agreement, but there is a lot of concern that the Amer-ican people have not been involved in the process, that there is not a lot of transparency. What we are trying do is to make sure this debate takes place out in the public, that the American people have as much time as possible to understand the very significant im-plications of this trade agreement. I, and I suspect others, will do our best to make that happen. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand the position of my friend from Vermont on this. This Finance Committee meeting obviously will be open to the public. There will be many amendments offered, most of them I expect reflecting the views of the Sen-ator from Vermont, but the meeting will go forward. The committee will simply be inconvenienced by the cur-rent actions of the Senator from Vermont, but the committee will go forward. The Senate will be in recess, and the committee will meet at the earliest possible time and finish the bill today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 30 seconds to speak before the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want 
to make clear that the first amend-ment we will vote on relative to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act will remove the Hyde amendment which is the longstanding, 39-year con-sensus that taxpayer funds will not be used to fund abortions. This amend-ment would completely strip that Hyde amendment, and it would undermine the delicate compromise that has been reached on the important legislation. The next vote we will have will be on that compromise piece of legislation, the Cornyn-Murray-Klobuchar legisla-tion. It would literally cut funding for human trafficking victims as compared to this compromise. 
I would urge our colleagues to stick 
with the bipartisan compromise and to vote against the Leahy amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
FRANK R . LAUTENBERG SAFER CHEMICALS FOR  
THE 21ST CENTURY ACT  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I rise on 
Earth Day to speak about our children and about chemical safety. We come in contact with thousands of chemicals every day. As I am speaking now, mil-lions of our fellow citizens are buying groceries or going to the hardware store or getting clothes or toys for their children. They assume the gov-ernment has studied the chemicals in these products and determined they are safe. But that is not the case. 
The Toxic Substances Control Act of 
1976, or TSCA, is supposed to protect American families, and it doesn’t. There are over 84,000 known chemicals in manufactured and commercial prod-ucts, and hundreds of new ones come on the market every year. How many of those products have been regulated by the EPA? Less than half a dozen. 
These are troubling numbers. TSCA 
has been in existence for almost 40 years, and out of 84,000 chemicals—and counting—less than a dozen are actu-ally regulated. The EPA cannot even regulate asbestos, a known carcinogen. Since losing a court battle in 1991, they have not been able to regulate it. The risks and dangers have been around for decades, but there is no cop on the beat. TSCA has failed. 
Some States are trying to fill the gap 
by regulating a few chemicals, but my home State of New Mexico, and the vast majority of others, have no ability to test chemicals. They don’t have a department to write regulations. With-out a working Federal law, they have no protection. Even California, which probably has the greatest capacity of all States to test and regulate, has only proposed rules for three chemi-cals. In 7 years, since California passed a law to regulate chemicals, it has only begun the process on three chemicals. 
That is why I and others have worked 
so hard to find compromise on this issue. That is why I introduced the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.008 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2318 April 22, 2015 
Frank R. Lautenberg Safer Chemicals 
for the 21st Century Act. 
I come to the floor today on Earth 
Day to urge all of my colleagues here to make reforming our broken chem-ical safety law a priority. We have a moral obligation to protect our kids from dangerous chemicals. 
I have been privileged to work with 
Senator V
ITTER on this bill. I thank 
him and our colleagues who have worked with us. This is a true bipar-tisan effort. We don’t always agree on some of the issues, but we have one basic goal here. Reform is overdue. It is 40 years overdue. 
All of our landmark environmental 
laws have been reformed or amended— the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Clean Air Act—but not the Toxic Substances Control Act. It should have been—and it was not for lack of trying. 
Our esteemed former colleague, the 
late Senator Frank Lautenberg led the way for many years, with great deter-mination. 
He never gave up. Together we fought 
the good fight to pass our dream bill, but were never able to make any progress. And he realized we needed to work with all stakeholders. Everyone at the table, including industry. Be-cause he understood, this is not about getting all that we want. This is about getting the American people the pro-tections they need. His effort to reform TSCA was the last major legislation he introduced. 
Mr. President, 2 years ago, the New 
York Times endorsed the Lautenberg- Vitter bill. The Times said—correctly— that previous efforts at reform had gone nowhere, and the bill ‘‘deserves to be passed because it would be a signifi-cant advance over the current law.’’ 
That was 2 years ago. I was honored 
to take over as the lead Democrat on the bill. Since then, I have listened to concerns. I reached across the aisle. I brought everyone into the room, or at least tried to. With my Republican col-league, Senator V
ITTER , we have im-
proved the bill. 
I want to talk for a moment about 
what this bill actually does, and how it moves us forward. Specifically, it does the following: 
First, the manufacture of a new 
chemical cannot begin until EPA ap-proves it. Currently, a new chemical is on the market after 90 days, unless EPA finds unreasonable risk. Our bill gives EPA the time it needs, and keeps these chemicals out of American homes in the meantime. 
Second, current TSCA has no re-
quirement for evaluating existing chemicals. None. Our bill does and in-cludes deadlines, even more aggressive than the EPA itself asked for. 
Third, we require a stronger safety 
standard for all chemicals to be evalu-ated. No longer will EPA be required to choose the ‘‘least burdensome’’ regula-tion. Its criteria will be safety, science, and public health—never cost or con-venience. Fourth, our bill defines, for the first 
time, our most vulnerable popu-lations—pregnant women, infants, the elderly, and workers—and explicitly re-quires that EPA ensure they are pro-tected from chemicals in commerce or manufacturing. 
Finally, we limit confidential busi-
ness information protection for indus-try. Currently, it is limitless, unless challenged by EPA. We call for a 10- year sunset on confidential business in-formation claims. 
Reform takes time. But, it should 
not take decades. We can’t afford to wait any longer. Our children and our communities can’t afford to wait for protection from chemicals. Yes, that means compromise. The goal was not a perfect bill. The goal was, and is, real reform. 
We have worked to address the issues 
with the original bill, and we still have work to do. It doesn’t do everything I want. Senator V
ITTER has given a great 
deal as well. But this is a strong, bipar-tisan bill. I am confident it can pass the Senate. It will ensure EPA has the authority to keep us safe, something EPA cannot do now. 
So, let’s be clear. We have a choice. 
We can continue with a law that has failed. We can continue to leave the American people unprotected. Or we can actually make a difference. We can give the EPA the power it needs to do its job—so that chemicals are tested— so that our homes and workplaces are safe—and so that American families are protected. 
I believe the choice is obvious. To 
those who disagree, I would ask a sim-ple question. Are you willing to live with a failed law another 20 or 40 years? Because we all agree on one thing—TSCA is a failure. 
This is the best chance we have, pos-
sibly for many years, to pass a law that will protect our kids from dangerous 
chemicals. 
Our bill will make Americans safer. 
Not just Americans fortunate to live in States with protections. All Ameri-cans. No matter where they live. 
For those Americans in States with 
existing safeguards, that won’t change. Those safeguards will stay in place. Any regulations in place as of January of this year will remain. And there is a role for States to play—to help with the thousands of chemicals that EPA will not be able to evaluate. 
But, let’s be clear. The EPA has the 
largest staff on chemical safety of any country in the world. They should be able to put that staff to good use. To do otherwise is wasted opportunity and continued failure. 
This has not been an easy process. 
But, it is a necessary one. I believe it will result in a good bill. We welcome a healthy debate. We welcome construc-tive amendments. At the same time, we should not lose sight of the key goal—to actually pass a bill. To reform a law that is not working. To protect our families and communities. 
I believe we can do this. And Senator 
Lautenberg, who was a great environ-mental champion, he believed we could 
as well. 
Americans trust that when they go 
to the grocery store, or when they are in their own homes, that the products they reach for are safe. The current system fails that trust. It fails to pro-vide confidence in our regulatory sys-tem. And it fails to provide confidence in our consumer products. We cannot let that failure continue. It hurts our economy, and it hurts the American people. 
We need solutions, not roadblocks 
and closed doors. Senator V
ITTER and I 
will continue to work with all stake-holders. If we can make this bill better, we will. We all share that goal. But, here’s the bottom line: We must work through the remaining challenges. Now is not the time for digging in our heels—and going nowhere. Mr. Presi-dent, 40 years of that is enough. Now is the time for change. 
There is only one essential question 
before us. Is this reform better than what we have? The answer is yes. Can we make it even better? I hope the an-swer to that question is yes as well. But, that will require a spirit of co-operation and compromise. That will require that we continue to have every-one at the table. 
Critics charge that this is an alliance 
with the chemical industry. That is false. It is an alliance with the Amer-ican people. They put their trust in the American government to protect them. That trust has not been met. 
It is in everyone’s interest—to iden-
tify dangerous chemicals, to protect the American public, and restore con-fidence in the safety of the products made by American companies. 
We have a historic opportunity to 
create a chemical law that works and provide American families with the protections they expect and deserve. Let’s work together. Let’s make that happen. Let’s not wait another 40 years. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
f 
MEDICARE INDEPENDENCE AT 
HOME MEDICAL PRACTICE DEM-ONSTRATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Finance Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 971, and that the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 971) to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an in-crease in the limit on the length of an agree-ment under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration pro-gram. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.010 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2319 April 22, 2015 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I fur-
ther ask unanimous consent that the Wyden amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be read a third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 1129) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To make a technical correction) 
On page 2, line 5, insert ‘‘of the Social Se-
curity Act’’ after ‘‘1866E(e)(1)’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
for a voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
any further debate? 
If there is no further debate, the bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
The bill (S. 971), as amended, was 
passed, as follows: 
S. 971 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicare 
Independence at Home Medical Practice Demonstration Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INCREASE IN THE LIMIT ON THE LENGTH 
OF AN AGREEMENT UNDER THE MEDICARE INDEPENDENCE AT HOME MEDICAL PRACTICE DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
Section 1866E(e)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc–5(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5-year’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
STEVE GLEASON ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 984, that the bill be read a third time, and that the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
A bill (S. 984) to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
for a voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing 
no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
The bill (S. 984) was passed, as fol-
lows: S. 984 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Steve Glea-
son Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PROVIDING MEDICARE BENEFICIARY AC-
CESS TO EYE TRACKING ACCES-SORIES FOR SPEECH GENERATING DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1861(n) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(n)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and eye tracking and gaze interaction accessories for speech gen-erating devices furnished to individuals with a demonstrated medical need for such acces-sories’’ after ‘‘appropriate organizations)’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to devices furnished on or after Janu-ary 1, 2016. 
SEC. 3. REMOVING THE RENTAL CAP FOR DURA-
BLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT UNDER MEDICARE WITH RESPECT TO SPEECH GENERATING DEVICES. 
Section 1834(a)(2)(A) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; and 
(3) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(iv) in the case of devices furnished on or 
after October 1, 2015, and before October 1, 2018, which serves as a speech generating de-vice or which is an accessory that is needed for the individual to effectively utilize such a device,’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following resolutions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 144, National Crime Victims’ Rights Week; S. Res. 145, Parkinson’s Awareness Month; S. Res. 146, Assist-ant Principals Week; and S. Res. 147, Historian Emeritus. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. 
(The resolutions, with their pre-
ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
DISCHARGE AND REFERRAL—S. 782 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that S. 782 be dis-charged from the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works and be re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DISCHARGE AND REFERRAL—H.R. 
710 
Mr. CORNYN. Finally, Mr. President, 
I ask unanimous consent that H.R. 710 be discharged from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and be referred to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. I yield the floor. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAF-
FICKING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I under-
stand there are 4 more minutes on this side. Am I correct? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
are 2
1⁄2minutes of debate remaining on 
the Democratic side. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I yield 
back our time. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 301 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
having been yielded back, under the previous order, the question is on agreeing to amendment No. 301, offered by the Senator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY . 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in 
the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 43, 
nays 55, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 156 Leg.] 
YEAS—43 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—55 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey 
Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton 
Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.027 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2320 April 22, 2015 
Flake 
Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee 
Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse 
Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1124 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is on agreeing to amendment No. 1124, of-fered by the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
ORNYN . 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 98, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 157 Leg.] 
YEAS—98 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch 
Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes 
for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is agreed to. 
The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I rise to 
propound a unanimous consent request to call up an amendment, speak brief-ly, and then be followed by Senator S
ANDERS . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Under the previous order, the time 
until 2 p.m. is equally divided in the usual form. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1121 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 1121. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
BURR] proposes an amendment numbered 
1121. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of De-
fense to inform the Attorney General of persons required to register as sex offend-ers) 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE ll—MILITARY SEX OFFENDER 
REPORTING 
SEC. lll . SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Sex Offender Reporting Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. lll . REGISTRATION OF SEX OFFENDERS 
RELEASED FROM MILITARY COR-RECTIONS FACILITIES OR UPON CONVICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Sex Offender Reg-
istration and Notification Act is amended by inserting after section 128 (42 U.S.C. 16928) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 128A. REGISTRATION OF SEX OFFENDERS 
RELEASED FROM MILITARY COR-RECTIONS FACILITIES OR UPON CONVICTION. 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall provide to 
the Attorney General the information de-scribed in section 114 to be included in the National Sex Offender Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website regarding persons— 
‘‘(1)(A) released from military corrections 
facilities; or 
‘‘(B) convicted if the sentences adjudged by 
courts-martial under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), do not include confine-ment; and 
‘‘(2) required to register under this title.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents of the Adam 
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 128 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 128A. Registration of sex offenders re-
leased from military correc-tions facilities or upon convic-tion.’’. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak very briefly on an amendment the Senate will have an opportunity to vote on this afternoon. 
Due to the way the Sex Offender Reg-
istration and Notification Act is cur-rently written, there is a problem with tracking sex offenders convicted in a military justice system. Some of these offenders are exploiting the cracks in that system. 
My amendment is, quite honestly, a 
fix to the problem and will help au-thorities and the public better track sex offenders in our communities. 
To explain, currently, military sex 
offenders are only required to self-re-port to a State government after they 
are released from a military correc-tional facility. 
Under the civilian justice system, sex 
offenders are registered in the State before they are released. The State then provides the information to the Department of Justice to be included in both the public and the private Na-tional Sex Offender Registry, which is where the average citizen can go and see if there is a sex offender in their neighborhood. 
A Department of Defense inspector 
general report issued in August of last year revealed that an estimated 242 of the 1,312 released sex offenders failed to self-report. 
In that inspector general’s report, 
they said: 
The lack of jurisdiction for DOD to reg-
ister military sex offenders with the Na-tional Sex Offender Registry enables mili-tary sex offenders released from military prisons to evade sex offender registration re-quirements. 
I am not sure it can be put any 
plainer than that. 
The Department of Defense tried to 
correct the problem by working with State authorities and the U.S. Mar-shals, but underreporting continues today. 
Differences in State laws in military 
reporting procedures enables some criminals to totally evade reporting and detection. 
A recent Scripps news report re-
vealed grim examples of the con-sequences of these cracks in the sys-tem. 
Consider the recent case of Matthew 
Carr. The military convicted Matthew Carr for posing as a gynecologist. He preyed on seven women. After spending 7 years incarcerated, he evaded reg-istration upon his release. He assaulted another woman before being appre-hended by civilian authorities. This as-sault was preventable in that commu-nity, but the DOD wasn’t required to post him as a sex offender. 
In another case, a former officer 
served 5 years for sexually assaulting 3 minors in the cruelest way possible. He evaded registration, and Scripps lo-cated this individual living within a mile of a school. It is scary, a pedophile living next to a school—and no one knew he was there. 
This amendment requires the Depart-
ment of Defense to communicate a criminal’s information directly to the Attorney General to improve tracking and public notification. 
My amendment is based upon a bipar-
tisan bill, S. 409, that I introduced with the support of Senator M
CCASKILL . 
That bill already has the support of 15 of our colleagues: Senators A
YOTTE , 
BLUNT , CORNYN , COTTON , CRAPO , FISCH-
ER, RUBIO, SESSIONS , TILLIS , TOOMEY , 
FEINSTEIN , KING, M IKULSKI , and N EL-
SON. 
My amendment costs taxpayers noth-
ing, and it is a commonsense solution to a real problem that exists. 
I encourage my colleagues this after-
noon, when we have an opportunity to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.006 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2321 April 22, 2015 
get back into votes, that they support 
amendment No. 1121. 
I yield the floor to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ob-
jected to the unanimous consent re-quest to waive rule XXVI to allow the Finance Committee to pass a fast- track bill because I think it is time we slowed down fast-track. 
This trade agreement, I think every-
body acknowledges, is of enormous consequence to working people all over this country. We need more trans-parency. We need to know what is in this legislation, and we need to involve the American people in this discussion. 
I must say I am extremely dis-
appointed that on a piece of legislation which involves 40 percent of the world’s economy, that is the largest trade agreement in the history of the United States of America, much of the major media has virtually ignored this issue. 
Now, you may be for the agreement, 
you may be against the agreement. I am strongly against it—and I will tell you why in a moment, but I would hope we could all agree this is an enor-mously important issue that deserves significant discussion on the part of the American people and their elected representatives. 
I find it incomprehensible that, to 
the best of my knowledge, ABC—the ABC television network—has had zero coverage of the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, zero; CBS television, zero cov-erage; NBC, zero coverage. PBS has had three mentions of the TPP. CNN has had zero coverage, FOX television has had four mentions, and MSNBC—most-ly because of the excellent work of Ed Schultz—has covered it on 33 occa-sions, and all of this since January of 2015. 
So here we are engaged in a discus-
sion—some people are for it and some people are against it—but how do the American people know what is going on if the major networks are virtually blocking out any serious discussion, any mention of the agreement? 
Supporters of the fast-track bill have 
told us over and over again that unfet-tered free trade will increase American jobs and increase American wages, but they have been proven dead wrong every single time we have had a trade agreement. In other words, we hear the same rhetoric: vote for NAFTA, vote for CAFTA, vote for the free-trade agreement with China. It is going to increase jobs in America, improve life for the middle class. Yet every single time the rhetoric around these past trade agreements has been proven to be dead wrong. 
I was in the House of Representatives 
in 1993 and 1994 during the debate over NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement. I remember all of those people who supported that agree-ment telling us how NAFTA was going to open the Mexican economy for prod-ucts made in the United States of America and how it was going to create 
all kinds of good-paying jobs in this country. 
On September 19, 1993, President Bill 
Clinton said the following: 
I believe that NAFTA will create 200,000 
American jobs in the first two years of its ef-fect. . . . I believe that NAFTA will create a million jobs in the first five years of its im-pact. 
That was President Bill Clinton, who 
strongly supported that agreement. 
But it wasn’t only President Clinton 
who made those claims. The Heritage Foundation, one of the most conserv-ative think tanks in this country, said in 1993: ‘‘Virtually all economists agree that NAFTA will produce a net in-crease of U.S. jobs over the next dec-ade.’’ That is from the Heritage Foun-dation, a conservative think tank. 
Further, during the debate over 
NAFTA and the Senate in 1993, the dis-tinguished Senator from Kentucky, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , who is now the ma-
jority leader, said: American firms will not move to Mexico just for lower wages. 
That was Senator M
CCONNELL . Vir-
tually every major newspaper in Amer-ica had editorials saying: Support NAFTA—the Washington Post, New York Times, Wall Street Journal. Sup-port NAFTA; it is good for the Amer-ican worker. 
Well, it turns out that NAFTA, 
which, of course, was supported by every major corporation in America, supported by Wall Street, supported by all of the Big Money interests—well, it turns out that all of those projections regarding NAFTA turned out to be dead wrong. 
According to the well-respected 
economists at the Economic Policy In-stitute, NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680,000 jobs—not the cre-ation of 1 million jobs, the loss of 680,000 American jobs. 
In 1993, the year before NAFTA was 
implemented, the United States had a trade surplus with Mexico of more than $1.6 billion. Last year, the trade deficit with Mexico was $53 billion. 
I quote what the Economic Policy In-
stitute says about NAFTA: 
[President] Clinton and his collaborators 
promised [NAFTA] would bring ‘‘good-paying American jobs,’’ a rising trade surplus with Mexico, and a dramatic reduction in illegal immigration. Instead, NAFTA directly cost the United States a net loss of 700,000 jobs. The [trade] surplus with Mexico turned into a chronic deficit. And the economic disloca-tion in Mexico increased the flow of undocu-mented workers into the United States. 
Further, I quote an article that ap-
peared in the New York Times yester-day: 
Mexico has become the most attractive 
place in North America to build new auto-mobile factories, a shift that has siphoned jobs from the U.S. and Canada. . . . In the past two years, eight automakers have opened or announced new plants or expan-sions in Mexico. . . . Low labor costs and fewer tariffs are the swing factors. 
That was the New York Times yes-
terday. In other words, despite all of the rhetoric about how this unfettered 
free-trade agreement with Mexico was going to create jobs in this country, it turned out—not too surprisingly, I voted against NAFTA—to be exactly the opposite. Those people who told us how great the agreement was going to be were dead wrong. 
Why were they wrong? Well, for obvi-
ous reasons. When you have workers in low-wage countries, people who are prepared to work for 50 cents an hour, $1 an hour, $2 an hour, it doesn’t take a Ph.D. in economics to figure out that corporations will shut down in Amer-ica, move to those countries, pay work-ers pennies an hour—not have to worry about environmental regulations, not have to worry about, in some cases, trade unions. You don’t have to worry about that stuff. 
So what would American corpora-
tions do? Of course they would go to those countries. That is exactly what they have done. 
I talked for a moment about NAFTA. 
What about permanent normal trade relations with China? I don’t think I have to elaborate on the fact that when Americans go shopping and they walk into a department store—just look at the labels. Look at where the products are manufactured. Time after time, the products come from China, China, and China. 
As unbelievable as it may sound, 
back in 1999 and 2000, we were told— this is again what we were told—that permanent normal trade relations with China would open up the huge Chinese market to all kinds of American-made products. The argument was, look, China is the largest country in the world. If we can just have an unfet-tered free-trade agreement with them, think about all the products manufac-tured in America that would be sold to the huge population in China. 
That was the argument. I think it is 
important for the American people to hear what the supporters of permanent normal trade relations with China— free trade with China—had to say back then and whether those arguments turned out to be right. In other words, if we are going to look at TPP today and hear what people are saying now, it is important to hear what people said about these other free trade agree-ments back then. 
Here is what President Bill Clinton 
said about PNTR with China back in 1999: 
In opening the economy of China, the 
agreement will create unprecedented oppor-tunities for American farmers, workers and companies to compete successfully in Chi-na’s marke t... This is a hundred-to-noth-
ing deal for America when it comes to the economic consequences. 
That was President Bill Clinton. 
In addition, this is what the conserv-
ative economists at the Cato Insti-tute—a very conservative think tank— wrote back in 1999: 
The silliest argument against PNTR is 
that Chinese imports would overwhelm U.S. industry. In fact, American workers are far 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.015 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2322 April 22, 2015 
more productive than their Chinese 
counterpart s... PNTR would create far 
more export opportunities for American than Chinese concerns. 
In other words, we had a liberal 
President, President Clinton, saying PNTR—free trade—with China would open up great economic opportunities in America, create new jobs, and raise wages. We had a conservative think tank say exactly the same thing. We had all of corporate America, all of Wall Street, all of the big-money inter-ests saying: Oh boy, what a great op-portunity for the United States. We can create all these jobs. 
Well, were they right or were they 
wrong? I think everybody knows—the facts are pretty clear—they were, once again, not wrong, they were dead wrong. The Economic Policy Institute estimated that PNTR with China has led to the net loss of over 2.7 million American jobs. The trade deficit with China has increased from $83 billion back in 2001 to a recordbreaking $342 billion in 2014. I note that my Repub-lican colleagues often talk about our national deficit, which is an important issue, but I don’t hear much discussion about our huge trade deficit, especially with China, which was at $342 billion in 2014. 
After all of the talk on the floor of 
the Senate and the floor of the House, after all of the editorials written in the major newspapers throughout our country, after all of the discussion and expositions of Wall Street and the big- money interests, it turned out that the trade agreement with China was an un-mitigated disaster for American work-ers. 
PNTR was passed in the year 2000. A 
couple of years later—and this kind of tells you everything you need to know about unfettered free trade—Jeffrey Immelt, the CEO of General Electric, one of our large corporations, was quoted on this subject at an investor meeting 1 year after China was admit-ted to the World Trade Organization, and this is what Mr. Immelt said: 
When I am talking to GE managers, I talk 
China, China, China, China, China. You need to be there. You need to change the way peo-ple talk about it and how they get there. I am a nut on China. Outsourcing from China is going to grow to $5 billion. We are building a tech center in China. Every discussion today has to center on China. The cost basis is extremely attractive. You can take an 18 cubic foot refrigerator, make it in China, land it in the United States, and land it for less than we can make an 18 cubic foot re-frigerator today ourselves. 
What Mr. Immelt was saying is what 
virtually every major corporation CEO was thinking, and it is not hard to un-derstand why. In China, wages are very, very low. Environmental regula-tions are almost nonexistent. It is hard to find a trade union to negotiate for workers. Why wouldn’t a company shut down in America and run to China? And that is exactly, of course, what they have done. 
Before PNTR with China passed, the 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce told us it would create jobs. But just a few years 
later, on July 1, 2004, the Associated Press ran an article with the headline ‘‘Chamber of Commerce leader advo-cates offshoring of jobs.’’ The article quotes Thomas Donohue, the president and CEO, who, by the way, just yester-day was before the Senate Committee on Finance advocating for the Trans- Pacific Partnership. This is what the AP article said back in 2004: 
Mr. Donohue urged American companies to 
send jobs overseas as a way to boost Amer-ican competitiveness . . . Donohue said that exporting high-paid tech jobs to low-cost countries such as India, China and Russia saves companies money. 
So the dirty secret is that of course 
these guys like these free-trade agree-ments—not because they are going to create jobs in America. No one seri-ously believes that. When they are hon-est about it, they understand and they say that if companies shut down plants in America, throw millions of people onto the streets in this country and move abroad—when they do that, their profits go up. And they are right. I give them credit for that. That is right. That is what unfettered free trade has meant in this country. 
And on and on it goes. It is not just 
Mr. Immelt, the head of General Elec-tric; it is not just Mr. Donohue, the head of the chamber of commerce; it is major corporation after major corpora-tion. It is Wall Street. It is all of the moneyed interests. Before the agree-ment, they tell us as part of the discus-sion how many good jobs NAFTA is going to create, how many good jobs free trade with China will create, how many good jobs the Korean trade agreement will create. After the agree-ment, word comes out: Hey, this is a good opportunity. Shut down in Amer-ica, go abroad, pay people pennies an hour, and bring your products back into this country. 
In 2011, we were told we just had to 
pass the South Korea Free Trade Agreement because of all the jobs it would create. Same arguments—an-other free-trade agreement that is going to be great for the American worker. The U.S. Chamber of Com-merce told us this free-trade agree-ment could create some 280,000 jobs in America. Instead, the South Korea Free Trade Agreement has led to the loss of some 60,000 jobs and the trade deficit with our country has gone from $16.6 billion in 2012 to $25 billion in 2014. 
Now the administration, Wall Street, 
and the largest corporations in this country are saying: Trust us. Forget about everything we said about all of these other trade agreements. Yeah, maybe we were wrong on NAFTA. Maybe we were wrong on CAFTA. Maybe we were wrong on the China Free Trade Agreement. Maybe we were wrong on the South Korea Free Trade Agreement. But trust us, on the Trans- Pacific Partnership, it is different. This one really, really, really—cross our fingers—really is going to be dif-ferent. This one will support about, they 
say, some 650,000 American jobs. You know, it is one thing to be fooled once. It is another thing to be fooled twice. It is another thing to be fooled three times. But there comes a point where the American people are catching on that one of the reasons why the middle class of this country is disappearing, 
one of the reasons why most or many of the new jobs being created are low wage and part time, one of the reasons why real inflation-accounted-for wages for American workers has plummeted is because of these disastrous free- trade agreements. So you can fool me once. You can fool me twice. Maybe I am dumb and you can fool me three times. But there does come a limit to how many times you think you can fool the American people. 
When we talk about why the middle 
class of this country has been in de-cline for the last 40 years, one of the important reasons is that since 2001 we have lost nearly 60,000 factories in this country. Over that same time period, we have lost over 4.7 million manufac-turing jobs. In 1970, 25 percent of all jobs in the United States were manu-facturing jobs. Today, that number is just 9 percent. In January of 2001, there were 17.1 million manufacturing work-ers in this country. Today, there are only 12.3 million manufacturing work-ers. 
In my small State of Vermont, we 
have lost 34 percent of our manufac-turing jobs over the past 14 years. In January of 2001, Vermont had 47,000 factory jobs. Last February, it was down to 30,700. And that is true for vir-tually every State in this country. 
Why is this significant? It is signifi-
cant because historically manufac-turing jobs paid the highest wages available to blue-collar workers. If you had a job at a manufacturing plant, if you had a union, the likelihood was that you would earn decent wages, have decent benefits, and you could ac-tually support your family. You earned the wages that enabled you to take good care of your family. With the de-cline of manufacturing, what has hap-pened is we have seen a huge increase in service industry jobs—McDonald’s, Walmart—where wages are low, bene-fits are nil, and American workers who work there are having a hard time sur-viving economically. Manufacturing goes down, people lose their jobs, wages go down, and new jobs are being cre-ated that pay significantly less than the jobs people used to have. 
The fact is that TPP is just a new 
and easy way for corporations to ship jobs overseas and force Americans to compete with low-wage workers in Vietnam and other countries. The min-imum wage in Vietnam is 56 cents an hour. What this trade agreement says to American workers is, you are now competing against people who in some cases will be working for 56 cents an hour. I think that is grossly unfair. We should not force American workers into a race to the bottom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.017 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2323 April 22, 2015 
Let’s be clear. The TPP is much more 
than a free-trade agreement; it is part of a global race to the bottom to boost the profits of large, multinational cor-porations and Wall Street by outsourc-ing jobs, undercutting workers’ rights, dismantling labor, environmental, health, food safety, and financial laws, and allowing corporations to challenge our laws in international tribunals rather than our own court system. 
The TPP is poised to be the largest 
free-trade agreement in history, en-compassing 12 nations that account for roughly 40 percent of the global econ-omy. That is why it has been referred to as ‘‘NAFTA on steroids.’’ 
Incredibly, while Wall Street, the 
pharmaceutical industry, and major media companies have full knowledge as to what is in this treaty, the Amer-ican people and Members of Congress do not. They have been locked out of the process. While the full text of the TPP has not been made public, there have been some leaks of what is in-cluded in it, and what I have seen is very disturbing. 
It has been estimated by outside ex-
perts that the United States would lose more than 130,000 jobs to Vietnam and Japan alone if the TPP goes into effect. But that is just the tip of the iceberg. At a time when corporations have al-ready outsourced over 3 million service sector jobs that were in the United States, the TPP includes rules that will make it even easier for corporate America to outsource call centers, computer programming, engineering, accounting, and medical diagnostic jobs. So these are not just manufac-turing jobs; these are all kinds of other jobs which, if they can be done cheaper in other countries, will be sent there. 
Under TPP, Vietnamese companies 
would be able to compete with Amer-ican companies for Federal contracts funded by U.S. taxpayers, undermining American laws. The TPP will under-mine U.S. sovereignty by giving for-eign corporations the right to chal-lenge any law in this country that threatens their expected future profits before international tribunals. In other words, if we pass an increase in the minimum wage, under the TPP, Viet-namese companies that invest in Amer-ica could sue the United States in an international court full of corporate lawyers if they believe it will hurt their profits. By the way, that is what this whole agreement is about—maxi-mizing the investment profits of cor-porations from the United States and all over the world. 
If localities—local governments, 
state governments, federal govern-ments—stand up and say: You know what, we want to protect health, and we want to protect the environment—if that impinges on the future profits of the corporation, it can take legal ac-tion against that local, state, or fed-eral agency. That may sound kind of crazy, but that is exactly what has al-ready happened in Egypt after it signed a free-trade agreement with France. In 2012, a French utility company sued 
Egypt in an international tribunal for 82 million euros. And what was Egypt’s crime? For what were they being sued? They were being sued because they had increased their minimum wage, among other things. The French company saw raising the minimum wage for Egyp-tian workers—which is very low—as an impingement on their ability to make profits. 
Further, large pharmaceutical com-
panies are working hard to ensure that the TPP extends the monopolies for their prescription drugs by extending patents that already can last for 20 years or more. Doctors Without Bor-ders—a heroic organization of doctors who go to some of the most difficult, the poorest, the most dangerous parts of this world to treat people who des-perately need medical care—they are very brave people. They wrote that ‘‘the TPP agreement is on track to be-come the most harmful trade pact ever for access to medicines in developing countries.’’ In other words, what the big pharmaceutical industry wants is for countries all over the world to have to pay top dollar for prescription drugs. They want to be able to main-tain their patents for as long as pos-sible and prevent those drugs from going generic, where the prices would be significantly lower. The problem is that people in poor countries cannot pay a lot of money for their prescrip-tion drugs. So if this agreement goes through and the pharmaceutical indus-try can force poor countries to pay high prices for prescription drugs, peo-ple will suffer and people will die. 
After one disastrous trade agreement 
after another, I think it is time for the American people and their elected offi-cials to reassess how we do trade in America. It is time to say we need trade agreements that work for work-ing people in this country and not just trade agreements that work for the CEOs of large, multinational corpora-tions. It is time to say to corporate America: If you want us to purchase your products, it is time you started manufacturing those products here in the United States and not in low-wage countries all over the world. 
The evidence is overwhelming. For 
decades, our trade policies have been responsible for lowering the standard of living of tens of millions of Ameri-cans. People today all over this coun-try are working longer hours for lower wages. Most of the new jobs being cre-ated are low-wage jobs, and many of them are part-time jobs. 
We need to rebuild our manufac-
turing sector. To do that, we need a fundamental revision in our trade poli-cies. NAFTA has failed. CAFTA has failed. Permanent normal trade rela-tions with China has failed. The Korea trade agreement has failed. It is basi-cally insane to keep going with the same type of trade policy that has failed and failed and failed. 
I hope very much that here in the 
Senate and in the House we can defeat this TPP and come back to the table 
and develop a trade agreement that works for American workers, works for people all over the world, and not con-tinue these disastrous trade agree-ments. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The Senator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I am 
glad that today the Senate will take the long-overdue step forward and ap-prove the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act—bipartisan legislation that I am proud to be a cosponsor of that will help victims of human trafficking. 
Montanans know firsthand the im-
measurable damage human trafficking has inflicted on our communities, our schools, and, most of all, the victims of these horrific crimes. We also know the importance of coming together to sup-port the victims of this modern-day slavery. 
Too often, victims of human traf-
ficking are underserved and fail to get the resources they so desperately need. This important bill will provide our 
law enforcement officials and the com-munities with the necessary tools to help lift these innocent victims out of the shadows. 
Montanans understand the impor-
tance of cracking down on the per-petrators of these crimes and ensuring that we are serving as an advocate for victims—without letting partisan poli-tics get in the way. 
I strongly urge all of my colleagues 
to come together today and do what is right for the victims of human traf-ficking and pass the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AIRPORT SECURITY  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, our 
Nation’s airports are not secure. We were rudely awakened to that fact last December when it was discovered that for a several-month period at the At-lanta Airport, employees of the air-port—one in particular—since there was limited, if any, screening of the airport employees coming into the air-port, had concocted a scheme with an-other fellow to transport guns to New York, where they were sold on the streets of Brooklyn. 
The police couldn’t figure out how in 
the world they were getting these guns to New York because they kept watch-ing the roads. It was in plain sight. What they were using were the defects in airport security—if you can believe this—to bring guns to the Atlanta Air-port. Then once at the airport, the air-port employee would go up to the ster-ile passenger area, where, in the rest-room, he would meet a passenger who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.019 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2324 April 22, 2015 
came through security with an empty 
backpack and transfer the guns he had brought onto the airport property to the passenger, who then would take them on the flight from Atlanta to New York. 
This went on for several months. 
This passenger even carried a carbine. When he was arrested in December, he had 16 handguns in his backpack on the airplane. It is a good thing these guys were criminals and not terrorists be-cause you can imagine—this is exactly what we are trying to prevent: weapons getting on airplanes. 
Interestingly, when I got into this 
from the position of having the privi-lege of being the ranking member of the commerce committee, where we have jurisdiction over aviation, lo and 
behold, what I discovered in my own State is that two airports had already solved the problem by increasing secu-rity. The security we as passengers go through—they have similar security for all airport employees. The first one to do that was Miami International Airport back in 1999 after they discov-ered a drug-smuggling ring. Instead of having hundreds of entry points into the airport for employees, what they had was boiled down to a handful, where they screen the employees. It was then inaugurated by the Orlando International Airport after 2007 when they discovered a drug-smuggling ring, and Orlando has boiled it down to about five entry points for airline em-ployees. I went through those entry points at both Orlando and Miami, and it is not only what we go through as passengers, but they also have to dou-ble-check that the person is who they say they are. They have their badge. The airport employee checks the pho-tograph on the badge with the person, and they swipe the card. In the case of the Orlando Airport, they also have to punch in an identification number. 
That seems to have solved the prob-
lem at those two huge airports, Or-lando and Miami, but what about the other 448 commercial airports in the United States? Are they going to be the victims? Are we, the American traveling public, going to be the vic-tims like they were in Atlanta? 
In this age of terrorism, we cannot 
afford any of those mistakes. We have been after the Department of Home-land Security and TSA to start chang-ing this. The Department of Homeland Security Secretary just announced that they will take immediate steps to increase the screening of airport em-ployees across the country because they indeed understand this is a prob-lem. They are going to have a com-prehensive review. They are not saying they are going to require what Orlando and Miami do, but at the end of the day, they are going to have to end up doing that. 
We have to simplify the system by 
boiling down the hundreds of entry points to just a few, and then we have to put up screening devices similar to the ones passengers go through to go into a sterile environment. I am very grateful to Secretary John-
son for calling on TSA to start this im-mediate inquiry and to have some ac-tion. I hope the increased attention to this matter now will get airports and airport employees more highly sen-sitized to what had been such a breach at the Atlanta Airport. If we can do this, then it will be another measure we can take to make sure the public is traveling safely. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
UNITED STATES -CANADA RELATIONSHIP  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, in 1941, 
in an address delivered at an event in honor of the Canadian Prime Minister, Winston Churchill famously declared, ‘‘Canada is the linchpin of the English- speaking world.’’ As with most things, Churchill was able to see deeper truths and recognize Canada for what it really is. Today, I wish to recognize the close and vital relationship between the United States and Canada, our great neighbor to the north. Canada is a crit-ical partner to both America and Ar-kansas. We ought to find every way to strengthen our relationship and avoid every possible trouble on the horizon. 
The bond between the United States 
and Canada starts with our common heritage and our common way of life, including individuals rights, constitu-tional democracy, the rule of law, open markets, and the defense of freedom around the world. Canada has stood with the United States in our toughest hours to defend our common way of life. Canadian troops fought alongside our GIs on D-day at Juno Beach, where 1 in every 13 Canadians perished. After the 9/11 attacks, Canada was one of the first countries to join our campaign in Afghanistan, where 158 brave Cana-dians died on the battlefield—the rough equivalent of 1,400 American troops. As with our own soldiers, we honor their ultimate sacrifice and entrust their families to the tender care of a loving providence. 
Canada has also been a willing part-
ner in many other security and human-itarian operations around the globe, in-cluding Libya, Haiti, and the NATO-led stabilization force in Bosnia- Herzegovina in the 1990s. Moreover, Canada is part of the Five Eyes intel-ligence partnership, which has its roots in World War II. This partnership is vital to our national security, helping, for example, to disrupt a 2013 Al Qaeda- associated plot to derail a train trav-eling between New York and Canada. If successful, this attack could have killed dozens, perhaps even hundreds. 
Canada and the United States also 
share the world’s longest border—and the world’s longest peaceful border. 
Over 300,000 people cross our shared border every day by every mode of transport. Americans too often forget ours is the most secure and mutually beneficial international relationship among nations, taking for granted our peaceful partner to the north. Our suc-cess as the global superpower and the ability to protect our interests and global stability depends heavily on our peaceful and productive relationship with Canada. Without it, the New World would not be able to project power into the Old. 
Our relationship with Canada is in-
deed productive, as Canada has re-mained our best and most important trading partner. Last year, $759 billion 
in goods and services moved between Canada and the United States. To put that into perspective, Canada pur-chased more goods from the United States than did all 28 members of the European Union combined and 2
1⁄2 
times more than did China. These pur-chases included everything from raw materials to paper produced in Ashdown, rice milled in Stuttgart, and construction hardware manufactured in Blytheville. 
Moreover, Canada is the largest sup-
plier of energy to the United States. In January, in fact, the United States im-ported more oil from Canada than all OPEC countries combined, and Canada produces 97 percent of all U.S. natural gas imports. Of course, these numbers would be even greater if President Obama would finally approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline which would also create thousands of high-paying Amer-ican and Canadian jobs. 
Arkansas, like America as a whole, 
has benefited immensely from our close ties to Canada. Agricultural prod-ucts, iron and steel produced in Arkan-sas factories, and countless other prod-ucts manufactured in the natural state find their way to our friends in the north, providing Arkansans with good customers and good jobs. Indeed, Can-ada is Arkansas’ No. 1 foreign customer and 66,000 Arkansas jobs depend on United States-Canada trade and invest-ment, which totals $2.3 billion every year. 
Some of Arkansas’ most recognizable 
names reflect these Arkansas-Canada ties. Murphy Oil, headquartered in El Dorado, has operated in Canada for over 60 years, producing oil and natural gas through stakes in several projects off the coast of Newfoundland and in Alberta and British Columbia. Walmart has also had a strong presence in Can-ada for over 20 years. Today, they em-ploy over 90,000 Canadians across near-ly 400 retail stores. Tyson and Skippy Peanut Butter are just two of the household names produced in Arkansas that are pantry staples in Canada. With agricultural products making up nearly 20 percent of Arkansas’ exports to Canada, Arkansas’ ranchers and farmers help round out Canada’s pan-tries and freezers. 
Given these warm, longstanding ties 
to Canada, my team and I have worked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.021 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2325 April 22, 2015 
closely with the Canadian Embassy 
during my time in Congress to promote and strengthen our relationship. Unfor-tunately, the Obama administration at times has impeded it. The Keystone Pipeline, for instance, is not just good for American jobs but also a critical project for Canada’s economy. Yet President Obama dismissed it as mere Canadian oil from Canadian compa-nies—cavalier comments that mini-mize the pipeline’s benefits for Amer-ican workers, while also manifesting a casual disregard for our close ally’s in-terests. 
Now we are seeing this neglect again 
with country-of-origin labeling re-quirements for meat products proc-essed in the United States which threaten to disrupt trade between our two countries. These so-called COOL regulations needlessly require different labeling for products born, raised or slaughtered in either country. Today, processors are forced to either operate two production lines to keep their Ca-nadian-born or raised cattle separate from those born and raised in the United States or maintain extensive records on where each head of cattle came from. These regulations unduly burden Canadian producers and Amer-ican processors while also violating our treaty obligations. Yet they deliver lit-tle value to consumers. 
Yet, despite multiple adverse rulings 
from the World Trade Organization, the administration continues to pursue appeals, a process which is expected to end next month. As a result of these trade barriers and WTO rulings, Can-ada may be forced to impose reciprocal trade barriers on American products. Unfortunately, products already tar-geted for trade barriers include Arkan-sas rice, poultry, grains, and beef. If the administration does not relent, nearly $130 million in Arkansas agri-cultural trade with Canada will be threatened—more than half our State’s annual total. 
We should put a stop now to this 
trade dispute that no one intended and no one wants. I stand ready to work with my fellow Senators and the ad-ministration to modify the labeling re-quirements at the earliest opportunity following a final WTO ruling. It will be good for Arkansas’ farmers and ranch-ers, good for American consumers, and good for the health of the United States-Canada partnership. Let’s work together to fix this problem, protect American jobs, and help our neighbor to the north remain our linchpin in the world. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
COMMEMORATING NATIONAL CRIME VICTIMS ’ 
RIGHTS WEEK  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, we 
have commemorated National Crime Victims’ Rights Week every April since 1981. This year it takes place from April 19 through April 25. 
This week is dedicated to remem-
bering victims of crime, building awareness, and advocating for victims’ rights. It is also an opportunity to pay 
tribute to the millions of Americans and thousands of Iowans who fall vic-tim to senseless acts of crime each year. 
On Monday I introduced a bipartisan 
resolution commemorating National Crime Victims’ Rights Week, and I am happy that my colleagues have joined me by unanimously passing this resolu-tion this morning. 
The theme for this week, ‘‘Engaging 
Communities. Empowering Victims,’’ recognizes the importance of offering the support necessary to help crime survivors heal. 
During this week we also remember 
the contributions of the countless cri-sis hotline volunteers and staff, vic-tims’ rights attorneys, medical profes-sionals, and emergency responders who provide critical assistance to survivors of crime every hour, every day in com-munities across the United States. 
The Judiciary Committee has worked 
to strengthen Federal laws and direct resources to efforts to prevent crime from occurring in the first place. And, although we still have a way to go to ensure that all crime survivors are treated with appropriate fairness and respect in the criminal justice system, I am proud that we have made impor-tant strides toward this goal. 
An important issue for many crime 
victims is restitution. It is an issue that would be addressed by the ‘‘Amy and Vicky Child Pornography Victim Restitution Improvement Act,’’ a bill introduced by Senator H
ATCH that has 
my strong support. 
The Judiciary Committee, of which I 
serve as chairman, reported this bill on February 5. If enacted, the measure, which passed the full Senate by a vote of 98–0 on February 11, would reverse a Supreme Court decision that limits the amount of restitution that victims of child pornography can recover from any one perpetrator. 
It would ensure that victims can re-
cover a minimum amount of damages for certain child pornography offenses, and it also would make any single per-petrator potentially responsible for the full damages that result from an of-fense involving multiple perpetrators. 
Americans also deserve to know that 
we are doing everything possible to prevent sexual assault, especially in our most acclaimed institutions of so-ciety, including college campuses and our Nation’s military. In fact, a zero tolerance standard needs to be set at the highest levels of the Federal gov-ernment. 
Take, for example, the lack of ac-
countability within some of our Na-
tion’s Federal law enforcement enti-ties. In the last few years, a string of sex scandals involving prostitutes being solicited by public servants working for the FBI, Secret Service and, most recently, the Drug Enforce-ment Administration reflect an embar-rassing lack of ethics and moral code of conduct by Federal agents hired to flush out illicit criminal activity at home and abroad. It should go without saying that this 
type of conduct by Federal law enforce-ment personnel—on or off the clock— cannot be tolerated. This behavior tele-graphs the wrong message about ac-ceptable sexual conduct to society and contributes to the demand for the human sex trade around the world. 
I supported the enactment of the 
Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and earlier this year I chaired a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on human trafficking, where witnesses discussed the consequences of sex traf-ficking for both child and adult vic-tims. 
The witnesses at this hearing, which 
took place on February 24, 2015, also testified in support of several measures that would help us further combat the various forms of human trafficking in the United States. 
One of these measures is the Justice 
for Victims of Trafficking Act which is now pending on the Senate floor, and of which I am a cosponsor. 
It is vitally important that we pass 
this legislation, which would authorize much needed services to victims of child pornography as well as labor and sex trafficking. 
The bill also equips law enforcement 
with new tools for prosecuting human trafficking offenses and recognizes that the production of child pornography is a form of human trafficking. 
Also, earlier this year, I introduced 
the Combating Human Trafficking Act. Among other things, the bill would clarify that Federal grant resources can be used to meet the housing needs of human trafficking victims and offer training on the effects of sex traf-ficking to those who offer services to runaway, homeless, and at-risk youth. 
I led the Judiciary Committee in sup-
porting the inclusion of this legislation as an amendment to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act during com-mittee consideration of that bill. 
The committee accepted the measure 
by voice vote on February 26. The com-mittee reported the bill to the Senate floor by a vote of 19–0. 
I am grateful we have been able to 
reach an agreement that will finally allow a vote on this very important legislation, and I look forward to cast-ing my vote in favor of this bill. 
Our next challenge should be to ad-
dress the two broken systems of justice found on our college campuses and within our military institutions. First, a flawed reporting system on college campuses requires a stronger set of tools that would help survivors of sex-ual assault as well as protect the rights of the accused. That is why I have co-sponsored the ‘‘Campus Accountability and Safety Act’’ with Senator M
CCAS-
KILL. 
It would establish new campus re-
sources and support services for stu-dents, including: a requirement that colleges designate a confidential advi-sor for survivors of sexual violence; new transparency and reporting re-quirements; coordination between col-leges and local law enforcement; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.022 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2326 April 22, 2015 
protections for due process rights of 
survivors and the accused. 
It would also increase financial pen-
alties for colleges found not in compli-ance with the new standards. 
Cases of sexual assault, which too 
often go unreported on college cam-puses and in our own communities, re-quire sustained, collective attention by policymakers, law enforcement, advo-cates, and survivors. 
Every student who heads off to a col-
lege campus in America deserves to know that there is a system in place to secure justice and due process for the victim and the accused. 
Likewise, every young man and 
woman who serves his or her country in uniform deserves to know that sex-ual assault is a crime and will be treat-ed and prosecuted as such. 
In the last Congress, I cosponsored 
the bipartisan ‘‘Military Justice Im-provement Act’’ with Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND . 
The bill would empower enlisted sol-
diers and sailors to come forward and report a sexual crime. 
It would create an independent sys-
tem of justice within the ranks of the military. 
It would remove the chain of com-
mand from prosecutorial decisions re-garding sexual assault. 
The fear of retaliation and retribu-
tion in the military has been a reality for too many survivors of sexual as-sault. The current system has created an environment that emboldens preda-tors instead of empowering victims. 
Barring access to fair and impartial 
justice pours salt in the wounds of those who have suffered immeasurable indignity and harm while serving their country in uniform. I will continue working to advance bipartisan meas-ures through Congress to send a clear message. Sexual assault is a crime. 
The sooner our culture and systems 
of justice on college campuses and in the Nation’s military work together to deter, prosecute, and stop sexual vio-lence, the safer our society will be for America’s sons and daughters growing up in the 21st century. 
In closing, crime victims and sur-
vivors in the United States deserve our assistance in helping them cope with the often devastating consequences of crime. That is why it is so important that we support the mission and goals of National Crime Victims’ Rights Week. 
Mr. President, I thank my colleagues 
for joining me in supporting passage of this resolution. 
AMENDMENT NO . 273, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. President, for the leader, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 273 with the changes that are at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. G RASSLEY ], for 
Mr. K IRK, for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN , proposes an amendment numbered 273, as 
modified. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend title 18, United States 
Code, to provide a penalty for knowingly selling advertising that offers certain com-mercial sex acts) 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-
lowing: 
SECTION ll. SAVE ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SAVE Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
DVERTISING THAT OFFERS CERTAIN  
COMMERCIAL ACTS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1591(a)(1) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting ‘‘adver-tises,’’ after ‘‘obtains,’’. 
(2) M
ENS REA REQUIREMENT .—Section 
1591(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the undesignated matter fol-lowing paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, except where the act constituting the violation of paragraph (1) is advertising,’’ after ‘‘know-ing, or’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
1591(b) of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘adver-
tised,’’ after ‘‘obtained,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘adver-
tised,’’ after ‘‘obtained,’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to be able to speak in support of my amendment No. 294 to the Jus-
tice for Victims of Trafficking Act. It is important as part of our duties as stewards of the taxpayer money to en-sure that the Federal Government is running as efficiently as possible. This is rooting out waste, duplications, and overlap where we find it in the Federal Government and in these programs. 
This amendment simply requires the 
GAO—the Government Accountability Office—to study the programs and ini-tiatives which are affected by this bill and those which are related to services for trafficking victims and other vic-tims services. In particular, the amend-ment directs GAO to look for duplica-tion and overlap and requires GAO to issue a report to Congress describing costs associated with them and to make recommendations on how to achieve cost savings. 
I do support this legislation. I voted 
for it when it was considered by the Ju-diciary Committee. It is incumbent upon us to ensure that other programs that are affected by this legislation are studied to make sure we don’t have du-plication, that we don’t have other pro-grams that are doing the same things. We need to make sure we are good stewards of the taxpayers’ money. The GAO has considerable experience of this kind to do this type of analysis. 
I look forward to having support for 
this amendment, and I ask my col-leagues to support it. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
come to the Senate floor to thank my colleagues and to ask for their support for our first amendment, Klobuchar amendment No. 296. I understand it is going to be by voice vote, and it is something I have worked on for a long time. 
I know everyone has put a lot of ef-
fort into this bill—certainly Senator C
ORNYN and I have—and we are very 
pleased that it is moving forward. I thank all my colleagues for their work. 
This afternoon, I know we will be 
considering a number of important amendments, and, as I mentioned, one is the safe harbor legislation. I think we have 26 cosponsors on the bill. 
Let’s first get to why we are doing 
this bill. The United Nations considers human trafficking to be one of the three largest criminal enterprises in the world. The first is illegal traf-ficking of drugs, the second is illegal trafficking of guns, and the third is il-legal trafficking of humans. It is not just something, as we know, that is happening in faraway lands. It happens in our own backyards. It has happened to 12-year-olds in my own State. As Senator H
EITKAMP knows, it happens in 
the oil patches of North Dakota. That is why this bill and this amendment No. 296, which passed with the bill unanimously through the Judiciary Committee, are so important. 
This is about treating the children 
who are victims of these crimes as vic-tims because that is what they are. Right now, in many States around the country, these kids can still be pros-ecuted. 
In a State such as mine, the State of 
Minnesota, we have in place a safe har-bor law that has been very effective. Why? One, it gives the kids the services they need, whether it is through child protection, whether it is housing, whether it is getting the kind of med-ical care they need. That is what our bill does. On the other hand, if you just prosecute these kids, do you actually think they are going to turn against the person running the sex ring? Are they going to turn against the pimp? No. They are going to go right back into the hands of the person they were with—the perpetrator—to begin with. In our State, we have had a lot of suc-cess with this safe harbor law. We have obtained one of the longest sentences ever—40 years—against someone who was running a sex ring because we give help to the victims of the crime. 
As I said, there are 26 of my col-
leagues across the Senate who have co-sponsored the bill. It has been an honor to work on the issue with Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.008 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2327 April 22, 2015 
United Nations, and Cindy McCain, 
wife of our colleague Senator M CCAIN. 
Senator H EITKAMP , Cindy McCain, and 
I went down to Mexico to talk with them about the partnership we have in going after these cases. 
The amendment has the support of 
the National Conference of State Leg-islatures, the National Center for Miss-ing and Exploited Children, the Fra-ternal Order of Police, Shared Hope International, and the National Alli-ance to End Sexual Violence. 
As I said, this bill and this amend-
ment simply create an incentive for States across the country to enact a safe harbor law. Fifteen States already have these laws. Another 12 States are making progress in that direction. The House passed a similar bill last year under the leadership of E
RIKPAULSEN , 
one of the Congressmen from Min-nesota. 
Secondly, in addition to creating an 
incentive for these States to enact safe harbor laws, the bill also creates a na-tional strategy to combat human traf-ficking. The national strategy will en-courage cooperation and coordination among all the agencies that work on this problem—Federal, State, tribal, and local. That is a major part of the bill, and it wasn’t in the House bill. We think it is very important. 
The bill also gives sex trafficking 
victims the right support they need. It qualifies them for job-training pro-grams. The bill allows victims of sex trafficking to participate in the Job Corps program to help them get back on their feet. 
Senator C
ORNYN , who is the lead Re-
publican on this amendment, and I were pleased to include a provision that Senators W
HITEHOUSE and S ES-
SIONS have been working on to clarify 
the authority of the U.S. Marshals Service to assist local law enforcement agencies in locating missing children. 
That is what the amendment does. 
There are incentives for the safe harbor laws we have already seen in 15 States. There is a national sex trafficking strategy, which is something we dearly need as we see an increase in these kinds of crimes. It qualifies victims of these crimes for job-training programs. Finally, there is a provision to make it easier for the U.S. Marshals Service to assist local law enforcement, a meas-ure proposed by Senator W
HITEHOUSE  
and Senator S ESSIONS which is included 
in this amendment and which came through the committee. 
I want to end by telling you what 
this is about. It is about a 12-year-old girl in Rochester who got a text mes-sage. The text message said she was in-vited to a party. The text said to go meet in a parking lot. She went there, and then she was thrown into a car, brought up to the Twin Cities, raped by a man, then sold on craigslist, sold for sex, and raped by two other men. Fi-
nally, weeks later, the guy who did this was found, and he is being prosecuted federally. 
That is what this is about. These are 
serious crimes. The average age of a victim is 12 years old—not even old 
enough to go to a high school prom, not old enough to get a driver’s license. 
Again, I thank Senator C
ORNYN for 
his work. We worked together on both the bill as well as this amendment we are considering today. This has been a lot of work the last month, but I am so pleased we are advancing this impor-tant trafficking bill. 
I see that the Senator from Maine is 
here. She has also been a leader in this area. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
First, let me commend Senator C
OR-
NYN and Senator K LOBUCHAR for the 
work they have done on this antitrafficking bill. 
This is, in fact, a horrendous crime. 
Just a few months ago in my home State, in Bangor, a couple was arrested for allegedly trafficking a 13-year-old 
girl. That is what we are talking about, and that is why this legislation is so important. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
bill, and I commend Senator C
ORNYN  
and Senator K LOBUCHAR and others for 
working so hard on it. 
The antitrafficking bill deals with 
the law enforcement piece of this hor-rendous problem. But we also need to pay attention to prevention programs. That is why this afternoon we will vote on a proposal that Senator L
EAHY and 
I, along with Senators H EITKAMP , 
AYOTTE , M URKOWSKI , and B ALDWIN , 
have put forth to reauthorize the Run-away and Homeless Youth Act pro-grams, which already have expired. They expired in 2013. 
These are absolutely critical pro-
grams for preventing homeless youth and runaway youth from ending up in the hands of sex traffickers. The run-away and homeless youth programs are comprised of three programs: the Street Outreach Program, the Basic Center Program, and the Transitional Living Program. They have helped thousands of our homeless youth meet their immediate needs and provided long-term residential services for those who, sadly, cannot be reunited with their families. 
The amendment that we are offering 
complements the underlying bill by ad-dressing prevention, intervention, and recovery service for trafficking vic-tims, particularly among the most vul-nerable population—our homeless youth. 
According to a 2013 report by the In-
stitute of Medicine and the National Research Council, homelessness is one of the most common risk factors for sex trafficking. Without access to food, shelter, and social supports, homeless young people often turn to what is termed ‘‘survival sex;’’ that is, a way to trade sex for a place to sleep, for food, and for other basic necessities. 
Another recent report found that one 
in four homeless youth are victims of sex trafficking or engage in survival 
sex. Our amendment strengthens the existing programs by ensuring that service providers know how to identify trafficking victims and give these youth the support they need. In many cases these services can prevent these homeless and runaway youth from be-coming victims in the first place. 
In Maine, our homeless shelters are 
critical partners in the fight to end human trafficking. In Portland, for ex-ample, the Preble Street Resource Cen-ter has used Runaway and Homeless Youth Act resources to connect youth who need food, shelter, health services, and educational support. The Preble Street Anti-trafficking Coalition is currently helping approximately 50 trafficking victims whose ages range from 14 to 42. They enable them to start new lives. 
New Beginnings, a great program in 
Lewiston, ME, and the Shaw House in Bangor, ME, are other organizations that have successfully leveraged Fed-eral grants from the Runaway and Homeless Youth Program to provide shelter and services to homeless youth in my State. With this kind of support, young people can make their way off the street and away from criminals who will exploit them at a time when they are at their most vulnerable. 
There are more than 1.6 million 
homeless teens in our country—a truly astonishing number. A growing number of these homeless youth identify them-selves as LGBT. It is estimated that up to 40 percent of runaway or homeless youth are LGBT. Some of them have been kicked out of their own homes. Others have felt that there has been no place for them in their community. Our amendment would help ensure that those seeking services through the fed-erally funded programs are not denied assistance based on their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or dis-ability. 
All homeless young people need ac-
cess to safe beds at night and services during the day so that they never have to choose between selling their bodies and a safe place to sleep. I would like to thank Senator L
EAHY and Senator 
HEITKAMP for being so passionate about 
this issue. They have worked with me to incorporate important feedback into our amendment, particularly from faith-based organizations. 
In fact, Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that at the conclusion of my remarks, a letter be printed that I have from numerous faith-based orga-nizations endorsing our amendment. These organizations represent millions of people in all 50 States. They urge us to pass our legislation with that non-discrimination clause intact. 
They include, for example: Covenant 
House International, the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America, the Interfaith Alliance, the National Coun-cil of Jewish Women, the Metropolitan Community Churches, the Methodist Federation for Social Action, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.024 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2328 April 22, 2015 
United Church of Christ, Justice and 
Witness Ministries, and many others that are backing our amendment. 
We have clarified that providers can 
still provide and offer sex-specific shel-ters and programming. By that, I mean all-girl shelters or all-boy shelters. The nondiscrimination clause is modeled— it is virtually identical to a provision enacted into law during the last Con-gress through the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act. Nothing, nothing in our amendment alters the ability of faith-based providers to give preference in hiring to people of their same faith. 
The stand-alone bill on which our 
amendment is based was reported out of the Judiciary Committee last Con-gress by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 15 to 3. It has the support of nearly 270 organizations including, as I mentioned, many faith-based providers that serve homeless youth, other serv-ice providers, and antitrafficking groups. They all strongly support the reauthorization of these prevention, intervention, and treatment programs. 
Our health care workers in Maine are 
also tremendous partners in helping to address trafficking crimes and their victims. Saint Joseph Hospital in Ban-gor has educated its clinicians to iden-tify the signs of human trafficking among their patients. Congress must do more both to provide law enforce-ment with the tools it needs to pursue sex trafficking, but we cannot forget those prevention and intervention pro-grams that are provided by the Run-away and Homeless Youth Program. 
By giving homeless youth the sup-
port and the services they need, we can help prevent them from becoming traf-ficked in the first place. These pro-grams have provided lifesaving services and housing for America’s homeless and runaway youth for 40 years. They are vital in addressing this serious problem. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the amendment that Senator L
EAHY and I, Senator H EITKAMP , Sen-
ator A YOTTE , Senator M URKOWSKI , and 
Senator B ALDWIN are offering today. It 
is so important. 
Again, I want to especially thank 
Senator H EITKAMP for all of her advo-
cacy. She has done tremendous work. 
I am very happy to yield the floor for 
her. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MARCH 11, 2015. 
DEAR SENATORS : As faith-based organiza-
tions representing millions of people in all 50 states across our nation, we are writing today regarding the Runaway Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. Based on the values of our diverse faith tra-ditions, we are committed to ensuring that all victims of violence have equal access to justice, strong legal protections and can ac-cess the lifesaving services they need to move from crisis to stability. We urge you to pass this legislation with the nondiscrimina-tion clause intact. Federal funds should not be used to discriminate. 
In times of crisis, victims often turn to 
their faith communities and leaders for guid-ance and support. Faith leaders are on the front lines each day identifying victims, pro-
viding refuge, referring victims and their families to programs and services for home-less and trafficked youth, and offering hope and healing. Part of meeting these needs in-cludes respecting the religious liberty of those receiving services. 
A study conducted by the U.S. Department 
of Health and Human Services found that 46% of homeless youth had run away from home because of physical abuse and 17% be-cause of sexual abuse. A growing number of homeless youth identify as LGBT, and it is estimated that they comprise up to 40% of the runaway homeless youth (RHY) popu-lation. We believe that ALL vulnerable young people should have access to programs designed to stop the cycle of victimization and provide comprehensive solutions. Fed-eral grantees must be prohibited from dis-criminating against any youth based on their sexual orientation or gender identity. 
Thank you for your steadfast commitment 
to working with faith communities to sup-port vulnerable young people and victims of trafficking. We look forward to working with you to swiftly pass the Runaway Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. 
Sincerely, 
Catholics for Choice, Congregation Beit 
Simchat Torah, Covenant House Inter-national, Evangelical Lutheran Church of America, Global Faith and Justice Project, Global Justice Institute, Interfaith Alliance, Jewish Labor Committee Western Region, Methodist Federation for Social Action, Metropolitan Community Churches, Na-tional Council of Jewish Women; 
National Center for Housing and Child Wel-
fare, Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice, Religious Institute, Society for Hu-manistic Judaism, The General Board of 
Church and Society, United Methodist Church, The Jewish Federations of North America, T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights, Unitarian Universalist Asso-ciation, Unitarian Universalist Women’s Federation, United Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Ministries, Women’s League for Conservative Judaism. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
want to add my voice to all of the acco-lades that have been expressed today to Senator C
ORNYN and Senator K LO-
BUCHAR for giving a voice to the vic-
tims of the most horrific crime that oc-curs in our country; those are the vic-tims of human trafficking. Without their hard work, without their advo-cacy, we would not be debating this on the floor of the Senate. So it is so im-portant to acknowledge that work and to advance the cause by working to-gether. 
Today, I wish to speak to amendment 
No. 290, which is the Collins-Leahy run-away and homeless youth amendment. I want to thank Senator C
OLLINS and 
Senator L EAHY for being such fierce ad-
vocates for runaway and homeless youth. I have had years of experience working with victims and vulnerable youth. I can tell you based on this ex-perience that this amendment is the most critical piece that we are consid-ering today to truly address prevention and early intervention for a population that is the most susceptible to being trafficked; that is the population of runaway and homeless youth. 
It is a story I believe is too often 
told. It is a story of a runaway and homeless youth engaging in survival 
sex, being coerced into criminal activ-ity by people offering nothing more than a roof over their head or maybe even a meal. Since 1995, North Dakota has received $11.5 million in this very critical and important prevention pro-gram. How many of these children have we rescued from a life of despair? We will never know. 
But I am certain, telling those sto-
ries and visiting them in the shelters and in their apartments that are tran-sitory living situations, that they would otherwise be so extraordinarily vulnerable. I have heard firsthand the stories of these homeless and runaway youth. The stories that you hear are literally heartbreaking. With prior physical, mental, and sexual abuse, these runaway and homeless youth have already been devalued. They have already been told that they are not worth what other children are worth. They have substance addictions. They have been shunned by their family or communities for who they are and how they identify. They are the most marginalized children in our country. 
Last July, a 13-year-old runaway 
from Minneapolis was picked up by her traffickers in the Cities and then worked her way across—she was head-ing off to the oil patch in western North Dakota. She stopped in Fargo- Moorhead to make some money on the way, being trafficked by a man who was selling a 13-year old for sex online through backpage.com. Fargo-Moor-head law enforcement set up a sting and rescued the victim and arrested the trafficker. 
Just 2 weeks ago, there was another 
tragic story of a 14-year old—a 14-year old runaway from Las Vegas. Her par-ents did not know where she was. She got mixed up in the wrong crowd. She was put in a car and taken to Minot, ND. Her mother, desperate to find her, searched through her email records, found a connection to Backpage, and saw that her daughter was being adver-tised on Backpage in Minot, ND. She called the local authorities. The local authorities were able to rescue her. 
She was rescued with a 16-year-old 
and returned to Las Vegas. She is now with her mother. The 16-year-old got off the plane and ran—got off the plane and ran. There was no hope for her, no place to return that was welcoming, no mother who searched for her on the Internet and found her. 
As we work through these stories, I 
want you to think about what is the common element, what is the common factor. You look behind these stories, and you will see in these stories of traf-ficking runaway and homeless youth— runaway and homeless youth—vulner-able, on the street, susceptible to a warm bed, susceptible to a hot meal, susceptible to any kind of love and comfort they can find, only to find out that it might be their worst nightmare. 
They are trapped, and where do they 
go? Where do they go if there is not a program for runaway and homeless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.028 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2329 April 22, 2015 
youth? Where do they go if someone is 
not reaching out a hand? So what has become a common recurring fact of these offenders or these victims is that they have been thrown away or they are runaways. 
Forty percent, we estimate, of these 
children, identify themselves as gay, lesbian, transgender or bisexual youth. 
If we pass an amendment that 
doesn’t have protection for this popu-lation, that doesn’t have protection for these children, what is the message? The message is the message that has been reinforced their entire life, which is that they are not worthy of help, they are not worthy of being treated as all other children are. 
So this Senate will reinforce the re-
curring message that is so tragically identified and so tragically delivered to these children every day. 
I urge my colleagues, I beg my col-
leagues to please recognize the worth of all children. Recognize the vulnera-bility of this population of children. 
Vote with us to support the Leahy- 
Collins amendment. It is so critical to sending the right message, so critical to giving the right services, but so crit-ical to sending the right message that all children matter and that we in the Senate do not see or discriminate. What we do is we help provide shelter to the most vulnerable among us. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank the Senator 
from North Dakota for her very, very strong statement. 
We sometimes talk about numbers 
and this and that. It is when you talk about real cases that we understand what we are talking about here. We are going to consider two amendments re-lated to preventing human trafficking of runaway and homeless youth. 
Senator C
ORNYN ’s amendment speaks 
to this effort, but it is not a meaning-ful alternative to the comprehensive amendment that Senator C
OLLINS and I 
will offer. Our amendment No. 290, the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, has the support of 30 bipartisan cosponsors. 
Senator C
ORNYN has said that no ef-
fort to end human trafficking can be complete without addressing the needs of runaway and homeless youth. I agree and that is why amendment No. 290 is so important. In fact, when the Senate Judiciary Committee voted on this legislation last year, it received the vote of almost every single mem-ber, including Senator C
ORNYN . 
In our hearings since then, I have lis-
tened to the stories of survivors. Some have been in my office and some have been in the offices of other Senators, and they talked about this. So many of them begin the same way. They are a homeless or a runaway teen, scared, desperate for affection and a safe place to sleep, especially if they are some-where in inclement weather. 
Traffickers know this. They prey on 
that desperation. They know there are so very few places these children can 
turn to. 
A recent survey found that one in 
four—now, think of this—homeless youth had been victims of sex traf-ficking or they have traded sex for sur-vival needs such as food or a place to sleep. Just think of this. They are the age of our children or our grand-children. 
This is a human issue. In fact, a sur-
vey found that 50 percent of homeless youth had been solicited for sex by an adult within 48 hours of leaving home. Just think of that—half of these home-less kids were solicited by an adult within the first 2 days of leaving home. 
I am talking about kids 12, 13, 14 
years old. They have nowhere to go, but we can at least, through this legis-lation, make sure they have a safe place to turn. That is what our amend-ment does. 
Senator C
ORNYN ’s amendment is not 
a good alternative. The amendment I am offering assures that homeless youth providers are specifically trained to recognize victims of trafficking, ad-dress the unique trauma, and refer them to the appropriate care and serv-ices. 
It also lengthens the time they can 
stay in shelters or receive services. Look at what happens if they are forced back out of those shelters. How long does it take for traffickers to grab them? 
The amendment includes important 
new efforts to encourage family reuni-fication and allows the person to define the people they consider family. This is particularly important as runaway children are often estranged from their parents. 
Senator C
ORNYN ’s amendment does 
not have the crucial nondiscrimination provision that is in my amendment. This language would prevent the dis-crimination against youth based on their race, their color, their religion, their national origin, their sex, their gender identity, their sexual orienta-tion, or their disability. 
It is almost identical to a provision 
contained in the bipartisan Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013, which passed the Senate with 78 votes. It passed the Republican-con-trolled House overwhelmingly and was signed into law. 
You may not like to think about 
this, but the reason this language is particularly important is because a growing number of these homeless and runaway youth identify as LGBT. 
Many, sadly, have been thrown out of 
their homes precisely for that reason. They have been rejected by their par-ents. No child should face that kind of isolation or rejection—no matter what. 
I am a parent. I am a grandparent. I 
find it heartbreaking that a child could be turned out of their home and then turned away by a service provider. We shouldn’t allow organizations to take Federal funds and then turn their backs against these kids because of their race or their religion or whom they love. That is why I can’t under-
stand why the side-by-side amendment offered had the nondiscrimination pro-tections for these children stripped from it. 
I urge all Senators to support my bi-
partisan amendment. 
I thank Senators C
OLLINS and 
HEITKAMP for their steadfast and very 
strong support. We have to support the efforts of dedicated service providers. They make these programs work. We have to protect these kids. The most important thing is not being in a posi-tion where the only time we can act or is after someone has been trafficked. Let’s prevent them from being traf-ficked in the first place. 
Prevention will cost money, but it is 
going to save lives, and it is going to prevent the far more costly effects of human trafficking. This is smart money—we ought to be able and ready to invest in our children. We have to include the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act in our efforts to prevent more of our kids from becoming victims. 
I have said it so many times on this 
floor that I almost grow weary of hear-ing myself saying it. I have prosecuted some of these cases. And it was no-where near the problem, when I was a prosecutor, that it is today throughout this country. 
I still have nightmares from what we 
saw. This Senator hopes that someday, under this legislation, if we work hard enough, none of us will have these nightmares. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, the 
question really comes down to this: Do we want provider services to homeless and runaway youth to be able to turn away at the door a 13-year-old girl sim-ply because of her sexual orientation? That is what this comes down to, and I think the answer is no if that provider is receiving Federal funds. It shouldn’t matter, and we should be willing to stand and say that we want to help all youth stay out of the clutches of these truly evil sex traffickers. That is what this is about. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
AMENDMENT NO . 290 
(Purpose: To reauthorize the Runaway and 
Homeless Youth Act) 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up amend-ment No. 290. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.038 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2330 April 22, 2015 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. L EAHY ], 
for himself, Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. B OOKER , and Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , proposes an amendment num-
bered 290. 
Mr. LEAHY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of March 11, 2015, under ‘‘Text 
of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I will 
speak briefly in support of the remarks of the Senator from Maine and the Sen-ator from Vermont. 
The Cornyn approach on runaway 
and homeless youth excludes language that would prohibit discrimination against the recipients of these services because of their sexual orientation. How can we have reached that point in the Senate? 
Haven’t we engaged in a national de-
bate that centered on Indiana and other States? Haven’t we decided in America that, regardless, we aren’t going to allow discrimination against people because of sexual orientation? Sadly, this Cornyn amendment ex-cludes language that prohibits dis-crimination against LGBT youth. 
Secondly, to fund a less than $1 bil-
lion a year program, the Senator from Texas is eliminating a $10 billion health prevention fund, which serves 50 States to deal with infectious disease and serious health issues. 
This is, sadly, an effort to attack 
ObamaCare, and it shouldn’t be done in this important legislation. We have wasted 4 weeks on an extraneous issue. Let us stick to the basic issue before us. 
Defeat the Cornyn amendment and 
support the amendment being offered by Senator C
OLLINS and Senator 
LEAHY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1127 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 1127. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Texas [Mr. C ORNYN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 1127. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To reauthorize the Runaway and 
Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS YOUTH 
ACT REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 388(a) of the 
Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5751(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2009,’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘such 
sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013.’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2009’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
(b) O
FFSET ; REPEALING PREVENTION AND  
PUBLIC HEALTH FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4002 of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is repealed. 
(2) R
ESCISSION OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .—Of 
the funds made available under such section 4002, the unobligated balances are rescinded. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection takes 
effect on October 1, 2015. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if I 
could just say in the next 30 seconds or so that the first amendment we will vote on reauthorizes the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, which is some-thing that we all support, which per-mits treatment of victims of human trafficking without discrimination. It also happens to be paid for, something that the Leahy amendment is not. 
Right now, most faith-based organi-
zations, such as Catholic Charities, treat all victims of human trafficking without regard to sexual orientation, gender issues, and the like—as I am proud to say they should. 
But there is nothing—we have been 
told that the various faith-based orga-nizations worry that the Federal Gov-ernment is basically going to intervene and tell them whom they can hire and what their administration and imple-mentation practices must be. That is why almost uniformly, faith-based or-ganizations that would be eligible for the grants to help the victims of human trafficking say that this would render this administration of this vic-tims trafficking fund legislation un-workable. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Cornyn amendment, to vote against the Leahy amendment, and let’s get this done. 
I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, is there 
any time remaining on this amend-ment? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
1 minute remaining in opposition. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in oppo-
sition to the Cornyn amendment, let me say this. Up to forty percent of the overall homeless youth population identify as LGBT, and many have re-ported that they have been subjected to service denial and discrimination by staff and providers based on their sex-ual orientation. The Leahy-Collins al-ternative expressly prohibits discrimi-nation against youth because of their sexual orientation. That should be the gold standard. Defeat the Cornyn amendment and 
vote for the bipartisan Collins-Leahy amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 1127, offered by the Senator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 53, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 158 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul 
Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—53 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Shelby 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 290 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate prior to a vote on amendment No. 290, offered by the Sen-ator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY . 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, my 
bipartisan amendment to prevent human trafficking includes important language to prohibit discrimination against homeless children. 
The language should be familiar to 
most Senators here. It is nearly iden-tical to what we voted for overwhelm-ingly as part of the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization 2 years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.039 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2331 April 22, 2015 
ago. It shouldn’t be controversial. We 
should reaffirm our commitment to 
nondiscrimination. All children—all children—deserve our protection. We should not be picking and choosing, saying: This child deserves protection, this one doesn’t. They all deserve our protection. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Leahy amend-ment. 
I agree with the senior Senator from 
Vermont that all victims of human trafficking should be treated with the dignity they deserve without regard to sexual orientation or any discrimina-tion. That is what the Cornyn amend-ment we just voted on would do. 
What we are told by faith-based orga-
nizations that provide many of these services is that the Leahy language would make rendition of those services difficult, if not impossible. There is some debate whether it would also in-trude on hiring practices and whether people could actually be hired in faith- based organizations if they didn’t agree with some of the services that are ren-dered here. 
Finally, the Leahy amendment would 
authorize $115 million of spending that it is not paid for and thus would in-crease the deficit. A number of organi-zations, such as the Conference of Catholic Bishops, the National Reli-gious Broadcasters, National Associa-tion of Evangelicals, among other reli-gious organizations, urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Leahy amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, how 
much time is left? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Fifteen 
seconds. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, the 
question before us is very clear: If you believe runaway and homeless youth should receive services that are feder-ally funded without regard to their sex-ual orientation, you should vote yes on this amendment. The Cornyn amend-ment does not prohibit discrimination. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask that all votes be kept to 10 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 290, offered by the Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 159 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—43 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Perdue 
Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 311 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up Brown amendment No. 311. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. B ROWN ] for 
himself, Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , and Ms. B ALDWIN , proposes an 
amendment numbered 311. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To direct the Attorney General to 
increase the amount provided under cer-tain formula grants to States that have in place laws that terminate the parental rights of men who father children through rape) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE ll—RAPE SURVIVOR CHILD 
CUSTODY 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Rape Sur-
vivor Child Custody Act’’. 
SEC. ll02. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) C OVERED FORMULA GRANT .—The term 
‘‘covered formula grant’’ means a grant under— (A) part T of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796gg et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘STOP Violence Against Women For-mula Grant Program’’); or 
(B) section 41601 of the Violence Against 
Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043g) (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘Sexual Assault Services Program’’). 
(2) T
ERMINATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘termination’’ 
means, when used with respect to parental rights, a complete and final termination of the parent’s right to custody of, guardian-ship of, visitation with, access to, and inher-itance from a child. 
(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to require a State, in order to receive an increase in the amount provided to the State under the cov-ered formula grants under this title, to have in place a law that terminates any obliga-tion of a person who fathered a child through rape to support the child. 
SEC. ll03. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Men who father children through rape 
should be prohibited from visiting or having custody of those children. 
(2) Thousands of rape-related pregnancies 
occur annually in the United States. 
(3) A substantial number of women choose 
to raise their child conceived through rape 
and, as a result, may face custody battles with their rapists. 
(4) Rape is one of the most under-pros-
ecuted serious crimes, with estimates of criminal conviction occurring in less than 5 percent of rapes. 
(5) The clear and convincing evidence 
standard is the most common standard for termination of parental rights among the 50 States, territories, and the District of Co-lumbia. 
(6) The Supreme Court established that the 
clear and convincing evidence standard sat-isfies due process for allegations to termi-nate or restrict parental rights in Santosky v. Kramer (455 U.S. 745 (1982)). 
(7) Currently only 10 States have statutes 
allowing rape survivors to petition for the termination of parental rights of the rapist based on clear and convincing evidence that the child was conceived through rape. 
(8) A rapist pursuing parental or custody 
rights causes the survivor to have continued interaction with the rapist, which can have traumatic psychological effects on the sur-vivor, and can make it more difficult for her to recover. 
(9) These traumatic effects on the mother 
can severely negatively impact her ability to raise a healthy child. 
(10) Rapists may use the threat of pursuing 
custody or parental rights to coerce sur-vivors into not prosecuting rape, or other-wise harass, intimidate, or manipulate them. 
SEC. ll04. INCREASED FUNDING FOR FORMULA 
GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
The Attorney General shall increase the 
amount provided to a State under the cov-ered formula grants in accordance with this title if the State has in place a law that al-lows the mother of any child that was con-ceived through rape to seek court-ordered termination of the parental rights of her rap-ist with regard to that child, which the court is authorized to grant upon clear and con-vincing evidence of rape. 
SEC. ll05. APPLICATION. 
A State seeking an increase in the amount 
provided to the State under the covered for-mula grants shall include in the application of the State for each covered formula grant such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require, including informa-tion about the law described in section ll04. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.031 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2332 April 22, 2015 
SEC. ll06. GRANT INCREASE. 
The amount of the increase provided to a 
State under the covered formula grants under this title shall be equal to not more than 10 percent of the average of the total amount of funding provided to the State under the covered formula grants under the 3 most recent awards to the State. 
SEC. ll07. PERIOD OF INCREASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall provide an increase in the amount pro-vided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title for a 2-year period. 
(b) L
IMIT.—The Attorney General may not 
provide an increase in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title more than 4 times. 
SEC. ll08. ALLOCATION OF INCREASED FOR-
MULA GRANT FUNDS. 
The Attorney General shall allocate an in-
crease in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title such that— 
(1) 25 percent the amount of the increase is 
provided under the program described in sec-tion ll02(1)(A); and 
(2) 75 percent the amount of the increase is 
provided under the program described in sec-tion ll02(1)(B). 
SEC. ll09. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this title $5,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2015 through 2019. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 311, offered by the Senator from Ohio, Mr. B
ROWN . 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, 
women who give birth to a child con-ceived through rape can often face in-timidation from attackers who—be-lieve it or not—pursue parental rights. 
I was first moved to introduce this 
bill following the case of Ariel Castro in Cleveland. He was on trial for kid-napping, raping, and holding prisoner three women for a decade and then he asked the judge for parental rights to visit the 6-year-old daughter who was conceived through his rape. 
Madam President, the Brown-Ayotte- 
Shaheen-Gillibrand-Baldwin amend-ment helps protect rape survivors by encouraging States to pass laws allow-ing women to petition for the termi-nation of their attacker’s parental rights if there is clear and convincing evidence that the child was conceived through the rape. 
Madam President, I yield 1 minute to 
my colleague from New Hampshire. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Madam President, I 
thank Senator B
ROWN . This is a very 
important amendment. 
If you are for supporting victims, 
protecting life and children and against rapists, vote for this amendment. Un-fortunately, rapists too often try to manipulate their victims by claiming custodial rights over children, and we need to stand with victims on this issue and allow States to be incentivized to allow victims to termi-nate their parental rights should they choose to have a child and to raise that child without having the threat of a rapist over their shoulder. I ask for support on this amendment, 
and I thank all of my colleagues. This is a commonsense bill, and I thank Senator B
ROWN for his leadership. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 311, offered by the Sen-ator from Ohio. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TOOMEY ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 99, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 160 Leg.] 
YEAS—99 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1121 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 1121, of-fered by the Senator from North Caro-lina, Mr. B
URR. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, we yield 
back all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, all time is yielded 
back. 
Mr. BURR. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 1121, offered by the Senator from North Carolina. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 98, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 161 Leg.] 
YEAS—98 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch 
Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 273, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 273, as modified, offered by the Senator from Illinois, Mr. K
IRK. 
The Senator from Illinois. Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak on amendment No. 273. It stands for the principle that freedom on the Internet is not the freedom to enslave others. 
I want to make sure this country 
stands for the principles under the 13th Amendment that we enshrined with Lincoln’s victory in the Civil War, and I urge all Members to adopt this amendment by a strong, substantial vote to pass the SAVE Act to make sure that providers of human traffic services do not have freedom to adver-tise on the Internet. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield 
back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.014 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2333 April 22, 2015 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, as 
the Democratic sponsor of this amend-ment, I would like to thank the distin-
guished Senator from Illinois for his leadership on this issue. The fact is, this amendment is essentially the same as the House stand-alone bill that passed unanimously. 
Members, it is a fact that approxi-
mately 76 percent of sex trafficking of underage girls takes place on the Inter-net—76 percent. 
We know at least 19 Web sites that 
post ads for commercial sex acts with children. They are paid for so doing. 
The amendment essentially does two 
things. It adds the word ‘‘advertises’’ as one of the sex trafficking offense verbs. Second, it clarifies that only the ‘‘knowing’’ intent and not the ‘‘reck-less disregard of the fact’’ intent ap-plies to the new offense. 
We have checked with the Depart-
ment of Justice. We believe it meets constitutional standards. We believe it is necessary and is long overdue. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote of all Members. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 273, as modified, offered by the Sen-ator from Illinois. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The result was announced—yeas 97, 
nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 162 Leg.] 
YEAS—97 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—2 
Cantwell Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, 
the amendment, as modified, is agreed to. 
The majority whip. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 296; 299, AS MODIFIED ; 279; 
1126; 294; 308; 1128; 310; 312; 1122; AND 303  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I call up 
the following amendments en bloc: Klobuchar No. 296; Hoeven No. 299, as modified; Sullivan No. 279; Wicker No. 1126; Flake No. 294; Cassidy No. 308; Portman No. 1128; Brown No. 310; Brown No. 312; Heller No. 1122; and Sha-heen No. 303. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-
ments en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Texas [Mr. C ORNYN ], for 
others, proposes amendments numbered 296; 299, as modified; 279; 1126; 294; 308; 1128; 310; 312; 1122; and 303. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 296 
(Purpose: To stop exploitation through 
trafficking) 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE IV—STOPPING EXPLOITATION 
THROUGH TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 401. SAFE HARBOR INCENTIVES. 
Part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 1701(c), by striking ‘‘where 
feasible’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an applica-tion— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law that— 
‘‘(A) treats a minor who has engaged in, or 
has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking in persons; 
‘‘(B) discourages or prohibits the charging 
or prosecution of an individual described in subparagraph (A) for a prostitution or sex trafficking offense, based on the conduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) encourages the diversion of an indi-
vidual described in subparagraph (A) to ap-propriate service providers, including child welfare services, victim treatment programs, child advocacy centers, rape crisis centers, or other social services.’’; and 
(2) in section 1709, by inserting at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5) ‘commercial sex act’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
‘‘(6) ‘minor’ means an individual who has 
not attained the age of 18 years. 
‘‘(7) ‘severe form of trafficking in persons’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-lence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
SEC. 402. REPORT ON RESTITUTION PAID IN CON-
NECTION WITH CERTAIN TRAF-FICKING OFFENSES. 
Section 105(d)(7)(Q) of the Victims of Traf-
ficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)(Q)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after ‘‘1590,’’ the following: 
‘‘1591,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and 1594’’ and inserting 
‘‘1594, 2251, 2251A, 2421, 2422, and 2423’’; (3) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(4) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(5) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vi) the number of individuals required by 
a court order to pay restitution in connec-tion with a violation of each offense under title 18, United States Code, the amount of restitution required to be paid under each such order, and the amount of restitution ac-tually paid pursuant to each such order; and 
‘‘(vii) the age, gender, race, country of ori-
gin, country of citizenship, and description of the role in the offense of individuals con-victed under each offense; and’’. 
SEC. 403. NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE. 
Section 107(b)(1)(B) of the Victims of Crime 
Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Subject’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT -
LINE.—Beginning in fiscal year 2017, and in 
each fiscal year thereafter, of amounts made available for grants under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make grants for a national communica-tion system to assist victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons in communicating with service providers. The Secretary shall give priority to grant applicants that have experience in providing telephone services to victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons.’’. 
SEC. 404. JOB CORPS ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 144(a)(3) of the Workforce Innova-
tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3194(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A victim of a severe form of traf-
ficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)). Not-withstanding paragraph (2), an individual de-scribed in this subparagraph shall not be re-quired to demonstrate eligibility under such paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 405. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF THE 
UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERV-ICE. 
Section 566(e)(1) of title 28, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) assist State, local, and other Federal 
law enforcement agencies, upon the request of such an agency, in locating and recovering missing children.’’. 
SEC. 406. ESTABLISHING A NATIONAL STRATEGY 
TO COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall implement and maintain a National Strategy for Combating Human Trafficking (referred to in this section as the ‘‘National Strategy’’) in accordance with this section. 
(b) R
EQUIRED CONTENTS OF NATIONAL  
STRATEGY .—The National Strategy shall in-
clude the following: 
(1) Integrated Federal, State, local, and 
tribal efforts to investigate and prosecute human trafficking cases, including— 
(A) the development by each United States 
attorney, in consultation with State, local, and tribal government agencies, of a dis-trict-specific strategic plan to coordinate the identification of victims and the inves-tigation and prosecution of human traf-ficking crimes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.036 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2334 April 22, 2015 
(B) the appointment of not fewer than 1 as-
sistant United States attorney in each dis-trict dedicated to the prosecution of human trafficking cases or responsible for imple-menting the National Strategy; 
(C) the participation in any Federal, State, 
local, or tribal human trafficking task force operating in the district of the United States attorney; and 
(D) any other efforts intended to enhance 
the level of coordination and cooperation, as determined by the Attorney General. 
(2) Case coordination within the Depart-
ment of Justice, including specific integra-tion, coordination, and collaboration, as ap-propriate, on human trafficking investiga-tions between and among the United States attorneys, the Human Trafficking Prosecu-tion Unit, the Child Exploitation and Ob-scenity Section, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
(3) Annual budget priorities and Federal ef-
forts dedicated to preventing and combating human trafficking, including resources dedi-cated to the Human Trafficking Prosecution Unit, the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and all other entities that receive Federal support that have a goal or mission to com-bat the exploitation of adults and children. 
(4) An ongoing assessment of the future 
trends, challenges, and opportunities, includ-ing new investigative strategies, techniques, and technologies, that will enhance Federal, State, local, and tribal efforts to combat human trafficking. 
(5) Encouragement of cooperation, coordi-
nation, and mutual support between private sector and other entities and organizations and Federal agencies to combat human traf-ficking, including the involvement of State, local, and tribal government agencies to the extent Federal programs are involved. 
AMENDMENT NO . 299, AS MODIFIED  
(Purpose: To ensure that eligible entities 
that have only recently begun collecting data on child human trafficking are not precluded from being awarded certain grants) 
On page 60, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES SOLICITING DATA ON  
CHILD HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—No eligible enti-
ty shall be disadvantaged in being awarded a grant under subsection (a) on the grounds that the eligible entity has only recently begun soliciting data on child human traf-ficking.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 279 
(Purpose: To require the Attorney General of 
the United States to grant certain requests by State attorneys general to cross des-ignate State and local attorneys to pros-ecute individuals for sex trafficking) 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. lll . TRANSPORTATION FOR ILLEGAL SEX-
UAL ACTIVITY AND RELATED CRIMES. 
Chapter 117 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by striking section 2421 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘§ 2421. Transportation generally 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever knowingly 
transports any individual in interstate or foreign commerce, or in any Territory or Possession of the United States, with intent that such individual engage in prostitution, or in any sexual activity for which any per-son can be charged with a criminal offense, or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUESTS TO PROSECUTE VIOLATIONS  
BYSTATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall grant a request by a State attorney general that a State or local attorney be 
cross designated to prosecute a violation of this section unless the Attorney General de-termines that granting the request would undermine the administration of justice. 
‘‘(2) R
EASON FOR DENIAL .—If the Attorney 
General denies a request under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall submit to the State attorney general a detailed reason for the denial not later than 60 days after the date on which a request is received.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1126 
(Purpose: To direct the Attorney General to 
create a publicly accessible database for trafficking victims advocates that con-tains information about services for traf-ficking survivors) 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 118. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH TO TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
The Attorney General shall make avail-
able, on the website of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, a data-base for trafficking victim advocates, crisis hotline personnel, foster parents, law en-forcement personnel, and crime survivors that contains information on— 
(1) counseling and hotline resources; (2) housing resources; (3) legal assistance; and (4) other services for trafficking survivors. 
SEC. 119. EXPANDED STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS 
FOR CIVIL ACTIONS BY CHILD TRAF-FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1595(c) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘not later than 10 years after the cause of action arose.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than the later of— 
‘‘(1) 10 years after the cause of action 
arose; or 
‘‘(2) 10 years after the victim reaches 18 
years of age, if the victim was a minor at the time of the alleged offense.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 294 
(Purpose: To require a GAO study on the 
programs authorized by the bill) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. GAO STUDY AND REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study on each program or initiative authorized under this Act and the following statutes and evaluate whether any program or initiative is duplicative: 
(1) Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-
thorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–164; 119 Stat. 3558). 
(2) Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 
2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
(3) Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.). 
(4) Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.). 
(5) Missing Children’s Assistance Act (42 
U.S.C. 5771 et seq.). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report on the study conducted under subsection (a), which shall include— 
(1) a description of the cost of any duplica-
tive program or initiative studied under sub-section (a); and 
(2) recommendations on how to achieve 
cost savings with respect to each duplicative program or initiative studied under sub-section (a). AMENDMENT NO . 308 
(Purpose: To provide for the development 
and dissemination of evidence-based best practices for health care professionals to recognize victims of a severe form of traf-ficking and respond to such individuals ap-propriately, and for other purposes) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE ll—TRAFFICKING AWARENESS 
TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trafficking 
Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. ll02. DEVELOPMENT OF BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) G RANT OR CONTRACT FOR DEVELOPMENT  
OFBESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services acting through the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, and in consultation with the Administration on Children and Families and other agencies with experience in serving victims of human trafficking, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant or contract to an eligible enti-ty to train health care professionals to rec-ognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF EVIDENCE -BASED BEST  
PRACTICES .—An entity receiving a grant 
under paragraph (1) shall develop evidence- based best practices for health care profes-sionals to recognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking, including— 
(A) consultation with law enforcement of-
ficials, social service providers, health pro-fessionals, experts in the field of human traf-ficking, and other experts, as appropriate, to inform the development of such best prac-tices; 
(B) the identification of any existing best 
practices or tools for health professionals to recognize potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(C) the development of educational mate-
rials to train health care professionals on the best practices developed under this sub-section. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Best practices devel-
oped under this subsection shall address— 
(A) risk factors and indicators to recognize 
victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(B) patient safety and security; (C) the management of medical records of 
patients who are victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(D) public and private social services avail-
able for rescue, food, clothing, and shelter referrals; 
(E) the hotlines for reporting human traf-
ficking maintained by the National Human Trafficking Resource Center and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; 
(F) validated assessment tools for the iden-
tification of victims of a severe form of traf-ficking; and 
(G) referral options and procedures for 
sharing information on human trafficking with a patient and making referrals for legal and social services as appropriate. 
(4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—An entity receiving a 
grant under paragraph (1) shall design and implement a pilot program to test the best practices and educational materials identi-fied or developed with respect to the recogni-tion of victims of human trafficking by health professionals at health care sites lo-cated near an established anti-human traf-ficking task force initiative in each of the 10 administrative regions of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
(5) A
NALYSIS AND REPORT .—Not later than 
24 months after the date on which an entity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.019 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2335 April 22, 2015 
implements a pilot program under paragraph 
(4), the entity shall— 
(A) analyze the results of the pilot pro-
grams, including through an assessment of— 
(i) changes in the skills, knowledge, and 
attitude of health care professionals result-ing from the implementation of the program; 
(ii) the number of victims of a severe form 
of trafficking who were identified under the program; 
(iii) of those victims identified, the number 
who received information or referrals for services offered; and 
(iv) of those victims who received such in-
formation or referrals— 
(I) the number who participated in follow 
up services; and 
(II) the type of follow up services received; (B) determine, using the results of the 
analysis conducted under subparagraph (A), the extent to which the best practices devel-oped under this subsection are evidence- based; and 
(C) submit to the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services a report concerning the pilot program and the analysis of the pilot program under subparagraph (A), including an identification of the best practices that were identified as effective and those that require further review. 
(b) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 30 
months after date on which a grant is award-ed to an eligible entity under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall— 
(1) collaborate with appropriate profes-
sional associations and health care profes-sional schools to disseminate best practices identified or developed under subsection (a) for purposes of recognizing potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(2) post on the public website of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services the best practices that are identified by the as effective under subsection (a)(5). 
SEC. l03. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an ac-
credited school of medicine or nursing with experience in the study or treatment of vic-tims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(2) The term ‘‘eligible site’’ means a health 
center that is receiving assistance under sec-tion 330, 399Z–1, or 1001 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b, 280h-5, and 300). 
(3) The term ‘‘health care professional’’ 
means a person employed by a health care provider who provides to patients informa-tion (including information not related to medical treatment), scheduling, services, or referrals. 
(4) The term ‘‘HIPAA privacy and security 
law’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19). 
(5) The term ‘‘victim of a severe form of 
trafficking’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. l04. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this title, and this title shall be carried out using amounts oth-erwise available for such purpose. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1128 
(Purpose: To amend the Child Abuse Preven-
tion and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to im-prove the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: TITLE IV—BETTER RESPONSE FOR 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring a 
Better Response for Victims of Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
SEC. 402. CAPTA AMENDMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments to the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) made by this section shall take effect 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) S
TATE PLANS .—Section 106 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (xxii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxiv) provisions and procedures requiring 
identification and assessment of all reports involving children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(10) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102 (10)); and 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for train-
ing child protective services workers about identifying, assessing, and providing com-prehensive services for children who are sex trafficking victims, including efforts to co-ordinate with State law enforcement, juve-nile justice, and social service agencies such as runaway and homeless youth shelters to serve this population;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The number of children determined to 
be victims described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xxiv).’’. 
(c) S
PECIAL RULE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 111 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) S PECIAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 
3(2) and subsection (a)(4), a child shall be considered a victim of ‘child abuse and ne-glect’ and of ‘sexual abuse’ if the child is identified, by a State or local agency em-ployee of the State or locality involved, as being a victim of sex trafficking (as defined in paragraph (10) of section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) or a victim of severe forms of trafficking in persons described in paragraph (9)(A) of that section. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE OPTION .—Notwithstanding the 
definition of ‘child’ in section 3(1), a State may elect to define that term for purposes of the application of paragraph (1) to section 3(2) and subsection (a)(4) as a person who has not attained the age of 24.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(2) 
of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including sexual abuse as deter-mined under section 111)’’ after ‘‘sexual abuse or exploitation’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Paragraph 
(5)(C) of subsection (a), as so designated, of section 111 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended by striking ‘‘inhumane;’’ and in-serting ‘‘inhumane.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 310 
(Purpose: To allow grants under the victim- 
centered child human trafficking deter-rence block grant program to be used for assisting law enforcement agencies in find-ing homeless and runaway youth) 
On page 57, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: ‘‘(3) activities of law enforcement agencies 
to find homeless and runaway youth, includ-ing salaries and associated expenses for re-tired Federal law enforcement officers as-sisting the law enforcement agencies in find-ing homeless and runaway youth; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 312 
(Purpose: To amend the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 to expand the train-ing for Federal Government personnel re-lated to trafficking in persons, and for other purposes) 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Expanded Training 
SEC. 231. EXPANDED TRAINING RELATING TO 
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 105(c)(4) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(c)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Appropriate personnel’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Appropriate personnel’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘, including members of the Serv-ice (as such term is defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903))’’ after ‘‘Department of State’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
RAINING COMPONENTS .—Training 
under this paragraph shall include— 
‘‘(i) a distance learning course on traf-
ficking-in-persons issues and the Depart-ment of State’s obligations under this Act, which shall be designed for embassy report-ing officers, regional bureaus’ trafficking-in- persons coordinators, and their superiors; 
‘‘(ii) specific trafficking-in-persons brief-
ings for all ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before such individuals depart for their posts; and 
‘‘(iii) at least annual reminders to all per-
sonnel referred to in clauses (i) and (ii), in-cluding appropriate personnel from other Federal departments and agencies, at each diplomatic or consular post of the Depart-ment of State located outside the United States of— 
‘‘(I) key problems, threats, methods, and 
warning signs of trafficking in persons spe-cific to the country or jurisdiction in which each such post is located; and 
‘‘(II) appropriate procedures to report in-
formation that any such personnel may ac-quire about possible cases of trafficking in persons.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1122 
(Purpose: To direct the Secretary of Home-
land Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effec-tively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities) 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE IV—ANTI-TRAFFICKING TRAINING 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 401. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(2) H
UMAN TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘human 
trafficking’’ means an act or practice de-scribed in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 402. TRAINING FOR DEPARTMENT PER-
SONNEL TO IDENTIFY HUMAN TRAF-FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a program to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.024 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2336 April 22, 2015 
(1) train and periodically retrain relevant 
Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Department personnel that the Sec-retary considers appropriate, with respect to how to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking, and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking, during the course of their pri-mary roles and responsibilities; and 
(2) ensure that the personnel referred to in 
paragraph (1) regularly receive current infor-mation on matters related to the detection of human trafficking, including information that becomes available outside of the De-partment’s initial or periodic retraining schedule, to the extent relevant to their offi-cial duties and consistent with applicable in-formation and privacy laws. 
(b) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training re-
ferred to in subsection (a) may be conducted through in-class or virtual learning capabili-ties, and shall include— 
(1) methods for identifying suspected vic-
tims of human trafficking and, where appro-priate, perpetrators of human trafficking; 
(2) for appropriate personnel, methods to 
approach a suspected victim of human traf-ficking, where appropriate, in a manner that is sensitive to the suspected victim and is not likely to alert a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking; 
(3) training that is most appropriate for a 
particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training per-form their official duties; 
(4) other topics determined by the Sec-
retary to be appropriate; and 
(5) a post-training evaluation for personnel 
receiving the training. 
(c) T
RAINING CURRICULUM REVIEW .—The 
Secretary shall annually reassess the train-ing program established under subsection (a) to ensure it is consistent with current tech-niques, patterns, and trends associated with human trafficking. 
SEC. 403. CERTIFICATION AND REPORT TO CON-
GRESS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall certify to Congress that all personnel referred to in section 402(a) have successfully completed the training re-quired under that section. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to Congress with respect to the overall effectiveness of the program required by this title, the number of cases reported by Department personnel in which human traf-ficking was suspected, and, of those cases, the number of cases that were confirmed cases of human trafficking. 
SEC. 404. ASSISTANCE TO NON-FEDERAL ENTI-
TIES. 
The Secretary may provide training cur-
ricula to any State, local, or tribal govern-ment or private organization to assist the government or organization in establishing a program of training to identify human traf-ficking, upon request from the government or organization. 
SEC. 405. EXPANDED USE OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS’ FUND. 
Section 3014(e)(1) of title 18, United States 
Code, as added by section 101 of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) section 106 of the PROTECT Our Chil-
dren Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 17616).’’. AMENDMENT NO . 303 
(Purpose: To aid human trafficking victims’ 
recovery and rehabilitation) 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE ll—HUMAN TRAFFICKING SUR-
VIVORS RELIEF AND EMPOWERMENT ACT 
SECTION l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human 
Trafficking Survivors Relief and Empower-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. l02. PROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1701(c) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘where feasible’’ and all that follows, and in-serting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an application— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law— 
‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) provides a process by which an indi-
vidual who is a human trafficking survivor can move to vacate any arrest or conviction records for a non-violent offense committed as a direct result of human trafficking, in-cluding prostitution or lewdness; 
‘‘(ii) establishes a rebuttable presumption 
that any arrest or conviction of an indi-vidual for an offense associated with human trafficking is a result of being trafficked, if the individual— 
‘‘(I) is a person granted nonimmigrant sta-
tus pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(T)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(T)(i)); 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a certification by the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 107(b)(1)(E) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(E)); or 
‘‘(III) has other similar documentation of 
trafficking, which has been issued by a Fed-eral, State, or local agency; and 
‘‘(iii) protects the identity of individuals 
who are human trafficking survivors in pub-lic and court records; and 
‘‘(B) that does not require an individual 
who is a human trafficking survivor to pro-vide official documentation as described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(ii) in order to receive protection under the law.’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senators S UL-
LIVAN , CASSIDY , W ICKER , K LOBUCHAR , 
and P ORTMAN each be recognized to 
speak for 1 minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 279 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise 
in support of amendment No. 279, the Mann Act cooperation amendment. This is a simple amendment with strong bipartisan support. 
I appreciate the cosponsors, Senators 
M
URKOWSKI , A YOTTE , H EITKAMP , and 
GILLIBRAND . 
What this amendment will do, it will 
increase prosecutions of human traf-ficking without an increase in cost. It allows and encourages Federal prosecu-tors to work with State officials to prosecute Mann Act violations and in-creases transparency. The key goal of this amendment is to 
enable the resources and cooperation between State and Federal prosecutors to ensure all cases of human traf-ficking are pursued and victims have justice. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1126 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise in 
strong support of the underlying bill. I thank the leadership on both sides for coming to a bipartisan agreement, and I thank the leadership for agreeing to take the Wicker amendment by a voice vote. 
My amendment does two things. Sim-
ply, it extends the statute of limita-tions to allow child victims to file civil lawsuits against perpetrators up to 10 years after they reach the age of 18, rather than 10 years after the cause of action arises. Secondly, my amend-ment creates a Department of Justice data base for education and outreach. Trafficking is a complex issue, and it will take a comprehensive approach to facility adequate support for victims. 
That is what the Wicker amendment 
does. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote when we take it 
by voice. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1128 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
to express strong support for the un-derlying bill and also my appreciation to the managers of the bill for includ-ing the en bloc amendments. One I of-fered is entitled the ‘‘Ensuring a Better Response for Victims of Child Sex Traf-ficking,’’ part of a larger bill we passed last year. 
This one ensures all children who are 
sex-trafficked will be classified as child abuse victims for purposes of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. 
Currently, sex trafficking of a minor 
is not considered child abuse unless a parent or caregiver was directly in-volved in the child’s exploitation. This amendment clarifies that a child vic-tim of sex trafficking is a victim of child abuse and, therefore, can be eligi-ble for the services as they recover. 
Over the past couple of days, we have 
made some great progress, including putting aside partisan divides in com-ing together to combat human traf-ficking, a heinous criminal industry that all of us want to stop. 
I am proud my bringing missing chil-
dren home legislation with Senator S
CHUMER , as well as my Combat 
Human Trafficking Act with Senator F
EINSTEIN is on the floor and have been 
included in the underlying bill. We have made a lot of progress, and we are a few steps closer to actually ending trafficking for once and for all. 
I particularly congratulate Senator 
C
ORNYN and Senator K LOBUCHAR for 
their hard work in bringing this to the floor and doing something important to fight human trafficking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.028 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2337 April 22, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
AMENDMENT NO . 296 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
am speaking in favor of the Klobuchar- Cornyn amendment No. 296. This is a very important policy amendment. 
It basically encourages States across 
the country—we already have 15 States doing this—not to prosecute victims of sex trafficking and to treat them as victims—not as criminals—so they don’t end up in jail. 
It also sets forth a national sex-traf-
ficking strategy. It also qualifies these victims for job training programs. Then, finally, it includes a very impor-tant bill that Senator W
HITEHOUSE and 
Senator S ESSIONS had that helps Fed-
eral marshals to track down victims of sex trafficking. 
I thank my coauthor and all 26 co-
sponsors of this amendment. Senator C
ORNYN —I know we will talk later 
about the underlying bill, but this is a bipartisan effort from beginning to end and a very important policy bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 308 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise 
in favor of the Cassidy-Peters amend-ment. 
I am a physician who has been work-
ing in a public hospital for 30 years. I am aware the following is true: 90 per-cent of victims in a recent survey saw a nurse or doctor or other health care professional while being held captive. 
If those health care workers had the 
training and tools to identify the signs and symptoms of those being traf-ficked, they can make the appropriate referral and help them escape that ter-rible existence. 
This amendment will provide for the 
development of best practices to enable health care workers to recognize and assist victims of human trafficking. 
If passed today, this will help women 
and children in Louisiana, Michigan, and across the Nation rebuild their lives. 
I thank Senator P
ETERS for joining 
this effort, and I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. 
Mr. President, I yield back the re-
mainder of my time. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 296 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is on agreeing to the Klobuchar amendment No. 296. 
The amendment (No. 296) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 299, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Hoeven amendment No. 299, as modified. 
The amendment (No. 299), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 279 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Sullivan amendment No. 279. 
The amendment (No. 279) was agreed 
to. VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1126 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Wicker amendment No. 1126. 
The amendment (No. 1126) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 294 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Flake amendment No. 294. 
The amendment (No. 294) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 308 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Cassidy amendment No. 308. 
The amendment (No. 308) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1128 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Portman amendment No. 1128. 
The amendment (No. 1128) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 310 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Brown amendment No. 310. 
The amendment (No. 310) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 312 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Brown amendment No. 312. 
The amendment (No. 312) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1122 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Heller amendment No. 1122. 
The amendment (No. 1122) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 303 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Shaheen amendment No. 303. 
The amendment (No. 303) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate majority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senator from Minnesota and I be permitted to speak for up to 1 minute each prior to the vote on final passage. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
first of all want to thank Senator C
OR-
NYN. We have been working on these 
bills for over 1 year. I want to thank Senator L
EAHY and Senator G RASSLEY  
for their leadership on the Judiciary Committee, Senator M
URRAY for her 
work in negotiating this agreement and working with us, as well as so many other people who have been in-volved in working on this bill. 
Through the last month, I think 
every so often people have forgotten what this really is about. This is about victims of sex trafficking, with an av-erage age of 12 years old—not even old enough to get their own driver’s li-cense, not even old enough to go to a 
high school prom. Yet this is hap-pening all over the country, from the oil patches of North Dakota to the sub-urbs of Minneapolis. 
What this bill does and what this 
Senate is doing today is saying we want to be there in our country for these victims. We are going to pay for services. We are actually going to change some policies so that when we go to the rest of the world and look at something that is now the third big-gest international criminal enterprise in the world, when we look at what Boko Haram is doing in Nigeria and in other countries, we can hold our heads up high and say that in the Senate we are finally doing something about this and our country is united across party lines against this practice. 
Again, I thank Senator C
ORNYN for 
what he has done. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, Winston 
Churchill supposedly once said: The Americans always do the right thing after they exhaust every other possi-bility. And you might say the same thing about the Senate when it comes to the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act. This has been a long strange journey here to final passage, but here we are. And we have kept our focus all along on the victims—typi-cally, a girl of 12 to 14 years old who has been sex trafficked and who has been treated as a common object and enslaved. 
This is a terrible, heinous crime, but 
one that most of us don’t see because it operates outside of our vision and our experience. We are throwing a lifeline to these victims of human trafficking by providing them real resources to help them—to help first to rescue them and then to help them heal. 
This is a good day for the Senate be-
cause we are doing the right thing for people who have no voice. We are their voice, and we are going to get this done in a way that provides them some real help. 
I want to thank all of our colleagues 
here on a bipartisan basis. It was a rocky trip here. But we got here. That is what counts, because we are pro-viding necessary and needed help for these victims of human trafficking. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the committee-re-ported substitute amendment, as amended, to S. 178 is agreed to. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.044 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2338 April 22, 2015 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The result was announced—yeas 99, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 163 Leg.] 
YEAS—99 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The bill (S. 178), as amended, was 
passed, as follows: 
S. 178 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 101. Domestic Trafficking Victims’ 
Fund. 
Sec. 102. Clarifying the benefits and protec-
tions offered to domestic vic-tims of human trafficking. 
Sec. 103. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program. 
Sec. 104. Direct services for victims of child 
pornography. 
Sec. 105. Increasing compensation and res-
titution for trafficking victims. 
Sec. 106. Streamlining human trafficking in-
vestigations. 
Sec. 107. Enhancing human trafficking re-
porting. 
Sec. 108. Reducing demand for sex traf-
ficking. 
Sec. 109. Sense of Congress. Sec. 110. Using existing task forces and com-
ponents to target offenders who exploit children. 
Sec. 111. Targeting child predators. Sec. 112. Monitoring all human traffickers 
as violent criminals. 
Sec. 113. Crime victims’ rights. Sec. 114. Combat Human Trafficking Act. Sec. 115. Survivors of Human Trafficking 
Empowerment Act. Sec. 116. Bringing Missing Children Home 
Act. 
Sec. 117. Grant accountability. Sec. 118. SAVE Act. Sec. 119. Education and outreach to traf-
ficking survivors. 
Sec. 120. Expanded statute of limitations for 
civil actions by child traf-ficking survivors. 
Sec. 121. GAO study and report. 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
Sec. 201. Amendments to the Runaway and 
Homeless Youth Act. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
Sec. 211. Response to victims of child sex 
trafficking. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
Sec. 221. Victim of trafficking defined. 
Sec. 222. Interagency task force report on 
child trafficking primary pre-vention. 
Sec. 223. GAO Report on intervention. Sec. 224. Provision of housing permitted to 
protect and assist in the recov-ery of victims of trafficking. 
Subtitle D—Expanded Training 
Sec. 231. Expanded training relating to traf-
ficking in persons. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. HERO Act. Sec. 303. Transportation for illegal sexual 
activity and related crimes. 
TITLE IV—RAPE SURVIVOR CHILD 
CUSTODY 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Definitions. Sec. 403. Findings. Sec. 404. Increased funding for formula 
grants authorized. 
Sec. 405. Application. Sec. 406. Grant increase. Sec. 407. Period of increase. Sec. 408. Allocation of increased formula 
grant funds. 
Sec. 409. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE V—MILITARY SEX OFFENDER 
REPORTING 
Sec. 501. Short title. 
Sec. 502. Registration of sex offenders re-
leased from military correc-tions facilities or upon convic-tion. 
TITLE VI—STOPPING EXPLOITATION 
THROUGH TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 601. Safe Harbor Incentives. 
Sec. 602. Report on restitution paid in con-
nection with certain trafficking offenses. 
Sec. 603. National human trafficking hot-
line. 
Sec. 604. Job corps eligibility. Sec. 605. Clarification of authority of the 
United States Marshals Serv-ice. 
Sec. 606. Establishing a national strategy to 
combat human trafficking. 
TITLE VII—TRAFFICKING AWARENESS 
TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE 
Sec. 701. Short title. 
Sec. 702. Development of best practices. Sec. 703. Definitions. Sec. 704. No additional authorization of ap-
propriations. 
TITLE VIII—BETTER RESPONSE FOR 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 801. Short title. 
Sec. 802. CAPTA amendments. TITLE IX—ANTI-TRAFFICKING TRAINING 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY PERSONNEL 
Sec. 901. Definitions. 
Sec. 902. Training for Department personnel 
to identify human trafficking. 
Sec. 903. Certification and report to Con-
gress. 
Sec. 904. Assistance to non-Federal entities. Sec. 905. Expanded use of Domestic Traf-
ficking Victims’ Fund. 
TITLE X—HUMAN TRAFFICKING SUR-
VIVORS RELIEF AND EMPOWERMENT 
ACT 
Sec. 1001. Short title. 
Sec. 1002. Protections for human trafficking 
survivors. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 101. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 and ending on September 30, 2019, in addition to the assessment im-posed under section 3013, the court shall as-sess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slav-
ery, and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual 
abuse); 
‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation 
for illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or 
‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person in-duced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an in-dividual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter (and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -OR-
DERED OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under 
subsection (a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satis-fied all outstanding court-ordered fines, or-ders of restitution, and any other obligation related to victim-compensation arising from the criminal convictions on which the spe-cial assessment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSFERS .—In a manner consistent 
with section 3302(b) of title 31, there shall be transferred to the Fund from the General Fund of the Treasury an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts in the 
Fund, in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019, use amounts available in the Fund to award grants or enhance victims’ program-ming under— 
‘‘(A) section 204 of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044c); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.046 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2339 April 22, 2015 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in 
subsection (h)(2), none of the amounts in the Fund may be used to provide health care or medical items or services. 
‘‘(f) C
OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to subsection (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—Subject to 
section 3613(b), the obligation to pay an as-sessment imposed on or after the date of en-actment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full. 
‘‘(h) H
EALTH OR MEDICAL SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSFER OF FUNDS .—From amounts 
appropriated under section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)), as amended by section 221 of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, there shall be transferred to the Fund an amount equal to the amount transferred under subsection (d) for each fiscal year, except that the amount transferred under this paragraph shall not be less than $5,000,000 or more than $30,000,000 in each such fiscal year, and such amounts shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Attorney General, 
in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall use amounts transferred to the Fund under paragraph (1) to award grants that may be used for the provision of health care or medical items or services to victims of trafficking under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
used under paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000, if such amounts are available in the Fund during the relevant fiscal year, shall be used for grants to provide services for child pornography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF PROVISION .—The appli-
cation of the provisions of section 221(c) of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 shall continue to apply to the amounts transferred pursuant to para-graph (1).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
SEC. 102. CLARIFYING THE BENEFITS AND PRO-
TECTIONS OFFERED TO DOMESTIC VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (G) and (H), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) N
O REQUIREMENT OF OFFICIAL CERTIFI -
CATION FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND LAW -
FUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent resi-dents who are victims of severe forms of traf-ficking to obtain an official certification from the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services in order to access any of the spe-cialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protec-tions to which they are otherwise entitled.’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (H), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’. 
SEC. 103. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 203. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may award block grants to an eligi-ble entity to develop, improve, or expand do-
mestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and pros-ecuting offenses involving child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of 
specialized training programs for law en-forcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of child vic-
tims of human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of child victims 
of human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal net-works involved in child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) utilize, implement, and provide edu-
cation on safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecution of child sex trafficking victims for prostitution offenses, and other laws aimed at the investigation and prosecution of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue vic-tims, including— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, 
for law enforcement officers, including pa-trol officers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases in-
volving child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; ‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expendi-
tures; 
‘‘(C) dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assist-ing in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using 
an award under this section shall be not more than the percentage of the total num-ber of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) the establishment of child human 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage co-operation with law enforcement investiga-tions of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; ‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) State governmental health service 
agencies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) nongovernmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial ex-perience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) the establishment or enhancement of 
other necessary victim assistance programs or personnel, such as victim or child advo-cates, child-protective services, child foren-sic interviews, or other necessary service providers; 
‘‘(3) activities of law enforcement agencies 
to find homeless and runaway youth, includ-ing salaries and associated expenses for re-tired Federal law enforcement officers as-sisting the law enforcement agencies in find-ing homeless and runaway youth; and 
‘‘(4) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for traf-ficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) mandatory and regular training re-
quirements for judicial officials involved in the administration or operation of the court program described under this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) continuing judicial supervision of vic-
tims of child human trafficking, including case worker or child welfare supervision in collaboration with judicial officers, who have been identified by a law enforcement or judicial officer as a potential victim of child human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) the development of a specialized and 
individualized, court-ordered treatment pro-gram for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treat-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; ‘‘(D) centralized case management involv-
ing the consolidation of all of each child human trafficking victim’s cases and of-fenses, and the coordination of all traf-ficking victim treatment programs and so-cial services; 
‘‘(E) regular and mandatory court appear-
ances by the victim during the duration of the treatment program for purposes of ensur-ing compliance and effectiveness; 
‘‘(F) the ultimate dismissal of relevant 
non-violent criminal charges against the vic-tim, where such victim successfully complies with the terms of the court-ordered treat-ment program; and 
‘‘(G) collaborative efforts with child advo-
cacy centers, child welfare agencies, shel-ters, and nongovernmental organizations with substantial experience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking to provide services to vic-tims and encourage cooperation with law en-forcement. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2340 April 22, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
submit an application to the Attorney Gen-eral for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-
tion submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the activities for which as-
sistance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(B) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; 
‘‘(C) provide such additional information 
and assurances as the Attorney General de-termines to be necessary to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(D) disclose— ‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the De-
partment of Justice or from any other Fed-eral department or agency for purposes simi-lar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an application under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the 
eligible entity has received during the 5-year period ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applica-
tions submitted in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall give preference to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to con-tinue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES SOLICITING DATA ON  
CHILD HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—No eligible enti-
ty shall be disadvantaged in being awarded a grant under subsection (a) on the grounds that the eligible entity has only recently begun soliciting data on child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sec-
tion shall expire 3 years after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contract with a non-
governmental organization, including an academic or nonprofit organization, that has experience with issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct periodic evaluations of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effectiveness of programs funded with grants awarded under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(2) instruct the Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice to review evaluations issued under paragraph (1) to determine the methodological and statistical validity of the evaluations; and 
‘‘(3) submit the results of any evaluation 
conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of 
the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—An eligible 
entity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any un-authorized expenditure or otherwise unal-lowable cost shall not be eligible for any grant funds awarded under the block grant for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. ‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section if within the 5 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section, the grantee has been found to have violated the terms or 
conditions of a Government grant program by utilizing grant funds for unauthorized ex-penditures or otherwise unallowable costs. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount expended to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section shall be— 
‘‘(1) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(2) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(3) 50 percent in the third year, and in all 
subsequent years. 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDING ; F ULLY  
OFFSET .—For purposes of carrying out this 
section, the Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is authorized to award not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, es-tablished under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘child’ means a person under 
the age of 18; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘child advocacy center’ 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘child human trafficking’ 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
State or unit of local government that— 
‘‘(A) has significant criminal activity in-
volving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated cooperation be-
tween Federal, State, local, and, where ap-plicable, tribal law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and social service providers in addressing child human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) has developed a workable, multi-dis-
ciplinary plan to combat child human traf-ficking, including— 
‘‘(i) the establishment of a shelter for vic-
tims of child human trafficking, through ex-isting or new facilities; 
‘‘(ii) the provision of trauma-informed, 
gender-responsive rehabilitative care to vic-tims of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) the provision of specialized training 
for law enforcement officers and social serv-ice providers for all forms of human traf-ficking, with a focus on domestic child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iv) prevention, deterrence, and prosecu-
tion of offenses involving child human traf-ficking, including soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing human acts with children; 
‘‘(v) cooperation or referral agreements 
with organizations providing outreach or other related services to runaway and home-less youth; 
‘‘(vi) law enforcement protocols or proce-
dures to screen all individuals arrested for prostitution, whether adult or child, for vic-timization by sex trafficking and by other crimes, such as sexual assault and domestic violence; and 
‘‘(vii) cooperation or referral agreements 
with State child welfare agencies and child advocacy centers; and 
‘‘(D) provides an assurance that, under the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a victim of child human trafficking shall not be required to collaborate with law enforcement officers to have access to any shelter or services pro-
vided with a grant under this section. 
‘‘(l) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY ; SPECIALIZED  
VICTIMS ’ SERVICE REQUIREMENT .—No grant 
funds under this section may be awarded or transferred to any entity unless such entity has demonstrated substantial experience providing services to victims of human traf-ficking or related populations (such as run-away and homeless youth), or employs staff specialized in the treatment of human traf-ficking victims.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 203 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 203. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program.’’. 
SEC. 104. DIRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF 
CHILD PORNOGRAPHY. 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 212(5) (42 U.S.C. 13001a(5)), by 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 214 (42 U.S.C. 13002)— (A) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), 
and (d) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (a) the 
following: 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF CHILD 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in co-
ordination with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, 
may make grants to develop and implement specialized programs to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornog-raphy.’’. 
SEC. 105. INCREASING COMPENSATION AND RES-
TITUTION FOR TRAFFICKING VIC-TIMS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 18.—Section 1594 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that was used or’’ and in-
serting ‘‘that was involved in, used, or’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘such viola-tion’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, or any 
property traceable to such property’’ after ‘‘such violation’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘used or’’ and inserting 
‘‘involved in, used, or’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘any violation of this chapter’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFER OF FORFEITED ASSETS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Attorney General shall transfer assets forfeited pursuant to this section, or the proceeds derived from the sale thereof, to satisfy victim restitution or-ders arising from violations of this chapter. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—Transfers pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall have priority over any other claims to the assets or their proceeds. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF NONFORFEITED ASSETS .—Trans-
fers pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not re-duce or otherwise mitigate the obligation of a person convicted of a violation of this chapter to satisfy the full amount of a res-titution order through the use of non-for-feited assets or to reimburse the Attorney General for the value of assets or proceeds transferred under this subsection through the use of nonforfeited assets.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2341 April 22, 2015 
(b) A MENDMENT TO TITLE 28.—Section 
524(c)(1)(B) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘chapter 77 of title 18,’’ after ‘‘criminal drug laws of the United States or of’’. 
(c) A
MENDMENTS TO TITLE 31.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 9703 (as added 
by section 638(b)(1) of the Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government Appropria-tions Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–393; 106 Stat. 1779)) as section 9705; and 
(B) in section 9705(a), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (I)— (aa) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting 
‘‘Payment’’; and 
(bb) by striking the semicolon at the end 
and inserting a period; and 
(II) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘pay-
ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Payment’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (iii)— (AA) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ and 
inserting ‘‘of’’; and 
(BB) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(bb) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(cc) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(v) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement with respect to a viola-tion of chapter 77 of title 18 (relating to human trafficking);’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(III) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a period. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) C ROSS REFERENCES .— 
(i) T ITLE 28 .—Section 524(c) of title 28, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(I) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(g)(4)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(g)(4)(A)’’; 
(II) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’; and 
(III) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’. 
(ii) T
ITLE 31 .—Title 31, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(I) in section 312(d), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’; and 
(II) in section 5340(1), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(iii) T ITLE 39 .—Section 2003(e)(1) of title 39, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 97 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘9701. Fees and charges for Government serv-
ices and things of value. 
‘‘9702. Investment of trust funds. ‘‘9703. Managerial accountability and flexi-
bility. 
‘‘9704. Pilot projects for managerial account-
ability and flexibility. 
‘‘9705. Department of the Treasury For-
feiture Fund.’’. 
SEC. 106. STREAMLINING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
INVESTIGATIONS. 
Section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (a), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘weapons)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (c)— (i) by inserting ‘‘section 1581 (peonage), 
section 1584 (involuntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involun-tary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘sec-
tion 1591’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘section 1592 (unlawful 
conduct with respect to documents in fur-therance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, in-voluntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1751’’; 
(iii) by inserting a comma after ‘‘virus)’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘,, section’’ and inserting a 
comma; 
(v) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘misuse of pass-
ports),’’; and 
(vi) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘section 555’’; (C) in subparagraph (j), by striking ‘‘pipe-
line,)’’ and inserting ‘‘pipeline),’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (p), by striking ‘‘docu-
ments, section 1028A (relating to aggravated identity theft))’’ and inserting ‘‘documents), section 1028A (relating to aggravated iden-tity theft)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘human 
trafficking, child sexual exploitation, child pornography production,’’ after ‘‘kidnap-ping’’. 
SEC. 107. ENHANCING HUMAN TRAFFICKING RE-
PORTING. 
Section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) P
ART 1 VIOLENT CRIMES TOINCLUDE  
HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—For purposes of this 
section, the term ‘part 1 violent crimes’ shall include severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)).’’. 
SEC. 108. REDUCING DEMAND FOR SEX TRAF-
FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1591 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or 
maintains’’ and inserting ‘‘maintains, pa-tronizes, or solicits’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘or maintained’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, maintained, patronized, or solic-ited’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘knew that the person’’ and 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION AMENDED .—Section 103(10) 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘or obtaining’’ and inserting ‘‘obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting’’. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the amend-
ments made by this section is to clarify the range of conduct punished as sex trafficking. 
SEC. 109. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) section 1591 of title 18, United States 
Code, defines a sex trafficker as a person who ‘‘knowingly. . .recruits, entices, harbors, transports, provides, obtains, or maintains by any means a person. . .knowing, or in reckless disregard of the fact, that means of force, threats of force, fraud, coercion. . .or any combination of such means will be used to cause the person to engage in a commer-cial sex act, or that the person has not at-tained the age of 18 years and will be caused to engage in a commercial sex act’’; 
(2) while use of the word ‘‘obtains’’ in sec-
tion 1591, United States Code, has been inter-preted, prior to the date of enactment of this Act, to encompass those who purchase illicit sexual acts from trafficking victims, some confusion persists; 
(3) in United States vs. Jungers, 702 F.3d 
1066 (8th Cir. 2013), the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit ruled that 
section 1591 of title 18, United States Code, applied to persons who purchase illicit sex-ual acts with trafficking victims after the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota erroneously granted mo-tions to acquit these buyers in two separate cases; and 
(4) section 108 of this title amends section 
1591 of title 18, United States Code, to add the words ‘‘solicits or patronizes’’ to the sex trafficking statute making absolutely clear for judges, juries, prosecutors, and law en-forcement officials that criminals who pur-chase sexual acts from human trafficking victims may be arrested, prosecuted, and convicted as sex trafficking offenders when this is merited by the facts of a particular case. 
SEC. 110. USING EXISTING TASK FORCES AND 
COMPONENTS TO TARGET OFFEND-ERS WHO EXPLOIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that— 
(1) all task forces and working groups 
within the Innocence Lost National Initia-tive engage in activities, programs, or oper-ations to increase the investigative capabili-ties of State and local law enforcement offi-cers in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of persons who patronize, or so-licit children for sex; and 
(2) all components and task forces with ju-
risdiction to detect, investigate, and pros-ecute cases of child labor trafficking engage in activities, programs, or operations to in-crease the capacity of such components to deter and punish child labor trafficking. 
SEC. 111. TARGETING CHILD PREDATORS. 
(a) C LARIFYING THAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY  
PRODUCERS AREHUMAN TRAFFICKERS .—Sec-
tion 2423(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘means (1) a’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(1) a’’; (2) by striking ‘‘United States; or (2) any’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘United States; 
‘‘(2) any’’; and (3) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(3) production of child pornography (as 
defined in section 2256(8)).’’. 
(b) H
OLDING SEXTRAFFICKERS ACCOUNT -
ABLE .—Section 2423(g) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a pre-ponderance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’. 
SEC. 112. MONITORING ALL HUMAN TRAF-
FICKERS AS VIOLENT CRIMINALS. 
Section 3156(a)(4)(C) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘77,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’. 
SEC. 113. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3771 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(9) The right to be informed in a timely 
manner of any plea bargain or deferred pros-ecution agreement. 
‘‘(10) The right to be informed of the rights 
under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(c)) and provided contact information for the Of-fice of the Victims’ Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(3), in the fifth sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘, unless the litigants, with the approval of the court, have stipu-lated to a different time period for consider-ation’’ before the period; and 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘this chapter, the term’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘this chapter: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2342 April 22, 2015 
‘‘(1) C OURT OF APPEALS .—The term ‘court of 
appeals’ means— 
‘‘(A) the United States court of appeals for 
the judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
‘‘(B) for a prosecution in the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia, the Dis-trict of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
‘‘(2) C
RIME VICTIM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) M INORS AND CERTAIN OTHER VICTIMS .— 
In the case’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRICT COURT ; COURT .—The terms 
‘district court’ and ‘court’ include the Supe-rior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
(b) C
RIME VICTIMS FUND.—Section 
1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘3771’’. 
(c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW OF PETITIONS RE-
LATING TO CRIME VICTIMS ’ RIGHTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3771(d)(3) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(2) of this section, is amended by inserting after the fifth sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘In deciding such application, the court of appeals shall apply ordinary stand-ards of appellate review.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any petition for a writ of mandamus filed under section 3771(d)(3) of title 18, United States Code, that is pending on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 114. COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMERCIAL SEX ACT ; SEVERE FORMS OF  
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS ; STATE ; TASK  
FORCE .—The terms ‘‘commercial sex act’’, 
‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘Task Force’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(2) C
OVERED OFFENDER .—The term ‘‘covered 
offender’’ means an individual who obtains, patronizes, or solicits a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(3) C
OVERED OFFENSE .—The term ‘‘covered 
offense’’ means the provision, obtaining, pa-tronizing, or soliciting of a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(4) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— 
The term ‘‘Federal law enforcement officer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 115 of title 18, United States Code. 
(5) L
OCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘local law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a unit of local government authorized by law or by a local government agency to engage in or su-pervise the prevention, detection, investiga-tion, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(6) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘State law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a State au-thorized by law or by a State government agency to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TRAINING AND  
POLICY FOR LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS , 
PROSECUTORS , ANDJUDGES .— 
(1) T RAINING .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .—The At-
torney General shall ensure that each anti- human trafficking program operated by the Department of Justice, including each anti- human trafficking training program for Fed-
eral, State, or local law enforcement offi-cers, includes technical training on— 
(i) effective methods for investigating and 
prosecuting covered offenders; and 
(ii) facilitating the provision of physical 
and mental health services by health care providers to persons subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(B) F
EDERAL PROSECUTORS .—The Attorney 
General shall ensure that each anti-human trafficking program operated by the Depart-ment of Justice for United States attorneys or other Federal prosecutors includes train-ing on seeking restitution for offenses under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to ensure that each United States attorney or other Federal prosecutor, upon obtaining a conviction for such an offense, requests a specific amount of restitution for each vic-tim of the offense without regard to whether the victim requests restitution. 
(C) J
UDGES .—The Federal Judicial Center 
shall provide training to judges relating to the application of section 1593 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to ordering restitution for victims of offenses under chapter 77 of such title. 
(2) P
OLICY FOR FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS .—The Attorney General shall en-
sure that Federal law enforcement officers are engaged in activities, programs, or oper-ations involving the detection, investiga-tion, and prosecution of covered offenders. 
(d) M
INIMUM PERIOD OF SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE FOR CONSPIRACY TOCOMMIT COMMER -
CIAL CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING .—Section 
3583(k) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘1594(c),’’ after ‘‘1591,’’. 
(e) B
UREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS REPORT  
ONSTATE ENFORCEMENT OF HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING PROHIBITIONS .—The Director of the 
Bureau of Justice Statistics shall— 
(1) prepare an annual report on— (A) the rates of— (i) arrest of individuals by State law en-
forcement officers for a covered offense; 
(ii) prosecution (including specific charges) 
of individuals in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(iii) conviction of individuals in State 
court systems for a covered offense; and 
(B) sentences imposed on individuals con-
victed in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(2) submit the annual report prepared 
under paragraph (1) to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(C) the Task Force; (D) the Senior Policy Operating Group es-
tablished under section 105(g) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)); and 
(E) the Attorney General. 
SEC. 115. SURVIVORS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
EMPOWERMENT ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Survivors of Human Traf-ficking Empowerment Act’’. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the United States Advisory Council on Human Trafficking (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Council’’), which shall provide advice and recommendations to the Senior Policy Operating Group established under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)) (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Group’’) and the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established under section 105(a) of such Act (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’). 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be 
composed of not less than 8 and not more than 14 individuals who are survivors of 
human trafficking. 
(2) R EPRESENTATION OF SURVIVORS .—To the 
extent practicable, members of the Council shall be survivors of trafficking, who shall accurately reflect the diverse backgrounds of survivors of trafficking, including— 
(A) survivors of sex trafficking and sur-
vivors of labor trafficking; and 
(B) survivors who are United States citi-
zens and survivors who are aliens lawfully present in the United States. 
(3) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall appoint the members of the Council. 
(4) T
ERM; REAPPOINTMENT .—Each member 
of the Council shall serve for a term of 2 years and may be reappointed by the Presi-dent to serve 1 additional 2-year term. 
(d) F
UNCTIONS .—The Council shall— 
(1) be a nongovernmental advisory body to 
the Group; 
(2) meet, at its own discretion or at the re-
quest of the Group, not less frequently than annually to review Federal Government pol-icy and programs intended to combat human trafficking, including programs relating to the provision of services for victims and serve as a point of contact for Federal agen-cies reaching out to human trafficking sur-vivors for input on programming and policies relating to human trafficking in the United States; 
(3) formulate assessments and rec-
ommendations to ensure that policy and pro-gramming efforts of the Federal Government conform, to the extent practicable, to the best practices in the field of human traf-ficking prevention; and 
(4) meet with the Group not less frequently 
than annually, and not later than 45 days be-fore a meeting with the Task Force, to for-mally present the findings and recommenda-tions of the Council. 
(e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter until the date described in subsection (h), the Council shall submit a re-port that contains the findings derived from the reviews conducted pursuant to sub-section (d)(2) to— 
(1) the chair of the Task Force; (2) the members of the Group; (3) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, 
Homeland Security, Appropriations, and the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
(4) the Committees on Foreign Relations, 
Appropriations, Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Judiciary of the Senate. 
(f) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—Members of the 
Council— 
(1) shall not be considered employees of the 
Federal Government for any purpose; and 
(2) shall not receive compensation other 
than reimbursement of travel expenses and per diem allowance in accordance with sec-tion 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
(g) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The 
Council shall not be subject to the require-ments under the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(h) S
UNSET .—The Council shall terminate 
on September 30, 2020. 
SEC. 116. BRINGING MISSING CHILDREN HOME 
ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Bringing Missing Children Home Act’’. 
(b) C
RIME CONTROL ACTAMENDMENTS .—Sec-
tion 3702 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 5780) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2343 April 22, 2015 
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) a recent photograph of the child, if 
available;’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘60 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 
days’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and a photograph taken 
during the previous 180 days’’ after ‘‘dental records’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) notify the National Center for Missing 
and Exploited Children of each report re-ceived relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution;’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘State and local child wel-
fare systems and’’ before ‘‘the National Cen-ter for Missing and Exploited Children’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) grant permission to the National 
Crime Information Center Terminal Con-tractor for the State to update the missing person record in the National Crime Infor-mation Center computer networks with addi-tional information learned during the inves-tigation relating to the missing person.’’. 
SEC. 117. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant awarded by the Attorney General under section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b), as amended by section 103. 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All covered grants 
shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fis-
cal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of a covered grant to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in the final audit report of the In-spector General that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized ex-penditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of 
a covered grant that is found to have an un-resolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive a covered grant during the following 2 fiscal years. 
(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding covered grants 
the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible entities that did not have an unre-solved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to submitting an application for a cov-ered grant. 
(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-
ed a covered grant during the 2-fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from re-ceiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— (i) deposit an amount equal to the grant 
funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and 
(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-
graph and covered grants, the term ‘‘non-profit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a covered grant to a non-profit organization that holds money in off-shore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-
tion that is awarded a covered grant and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presumption of reason-ableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-tion. 
(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts transferred 
to the Department of Justice under this title, or the amendments made by this title, may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded dis-cretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this title, or the amend-ments made by this title, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, un-less the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior writ-ten authorization that the funds may be ex-pended to host a conference. 
(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval 
under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. 
(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General 
shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all approved con-ference expenditures referenced in this para-graph. 
(D) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this title, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification that— 
(i) all audits issued by the Office of the In-
spector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; 
(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and (iv) includes a list of any grant recipients 
excluded under paragraph (1) from the pre-vious year. 
(4) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts awarded under 
this title, or any amendments made by this title, may not be utilized by any grant re-cipient to— 
(i) lobby any representative of the Depart-
ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or 
(ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, 
State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. 
(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-
termines that any recipient of a covered grant has violated subparagraph (A), the At-torney General shall— 
(i) require the grant recipient to repay the 
grant in full; and 
(ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-
ceiving another covered grant for not less than 5 years. 
SEC. 118. SAVE ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SAVE Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
DVERTISING THAT OFFERS CERTAIN  
COMMERCIAL ACTS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1591(a)(1) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting ‘‘adver-tises,’’ after ‘‘obtains,’’. 
(2) M
ENS REA REQUIREMENT .—Section 
1591(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the undesignated matter fol-lowing paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, except where the act constituting the violation of paragraph (1) is advertising,’’ after ‘‘know-ing, or’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
1591(b) of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘adver-
tised,’’ after ‘‘obtained,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘adver-
tised,’’ after ‘‘obtained,’’. 
SEC. 119. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH TO TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
The Attorney General shall make avail-
able, on the website of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, a data-base for trafficking victim advocates, crisis hotline personnel, foster parents, law en-forcement personnel, and crime survivors that contains information on— 
(1) counseling and hotline resources; (2) housing resources; (3) legal assistance; and (4) other services for trafficking survivors. 
SEC. 120. EXPANDED STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS 
FOR CIVIL ACTIONS BY CHILD TRAF-FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1595(c) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘not later than 10 years after the cause of action arose.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than the later of— 
‘‘(1) 10 years after the cause of action 
arose; or 
‘‘(2) 10 years after the victim reaches 18 
years of age, if the victim was a minor at the time of the alleged offense.’’. 
SEC. 121. GAO STUDY AND REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study on each program or initiative authorized under this Act and the following statutes and evaluate whether any program or initiative is duplicative: 
(1) Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-
thorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–164; 119 Stat. 3558). 
(2) Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 
2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
(3) Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2344 April 22, 2015 
(4) Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.). 
(5) Missing Children’s Assistance Act (42 
U.S.C. 5771 et seq.). 
(b) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report on the study conducted under subsection (a), which shall include— 
(1) a description of the cost of any duplica-
tive program or initiative studied under sub-section (a); and 
(2) recommendations on how to achieve 
cost savings with respect to each duplicative program or initiative studied under sub-section (a). 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO THE RUNAWAY AND 
HOMELESS YOUTH ACT. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 343(b)(5) (42 U.S.C. 5714– 
23(b)(5))— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), and sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ after ‘‘assault’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such youth who are victims of traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(15) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 351(a) (42 U.S.C. 5714–41(a)) by 
striking ‘‘or sexual exploitation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sexual exploitation, severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
SEC. 211. RESPONSE TO VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX 
TRAFFICKING. 
Section 404(b)(1)(P)(iii) of the Missing Chil-
dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(P)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘child prostitution’’ and inserting ‘‘child sex trafficking, including child prostitution’’. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
SEC. 221. VICTIM OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘victim of traf-
ficking’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. 222. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE REPORT ON 
CHILD TRAFFICKING PRIMARY PRE-VENTION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Interagency Task Force 
to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, estab-lished under section 105 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103), shall conduct a review that, with re-gard to trafficking in persons in the United States— 
(1) in consultation with nongovernmental 
organizations that the Task Force deter-mines appropriate, surveys and catalogs the activities of the Federal Government and 
State governments— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; 
(2) surveys academic literature on— (A) deterring individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; 
(B) preventing children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; 
(C) the commercial sexual exploitation of 
children; and 
(D) other similar topics that the Task 
Force determines to be appropriate; 
(3) identifies best practices and effective 
strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; and 
(4) identifies current gaps in research and 
data that would be helpful in formulating ef-fective strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall provide to Con-gress, and make publicly available in elec-tronic format, a report on the review con-ducted pursuant to subparagraph (a). 
SEC. 223. GAO REPORT ON INTERVENTION. 
On the date that is 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that includes information on— 
(1) the efforts of Federal and select State 
law enforcement agencies to combat human trafficking in the United States; and 
(2) each Federal grant program, a purpose 
of which is to combat human trafficking or assist victims of trafficking, as specified in an authorizing statute or in a guidance docu-ment issued by the agency carrying out the grant program. 
SEC. 224. PROVISION OF HOUSING PERMITTED 
TO PROTECT AND ASSIST IN THE RE-COVERY OF VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Vic-
tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding programs that provide housing to victims of trafficking’’ before the period at the end. 
Subtitle D—Expanded Training 
SEC. 231. EXPANDED TRAINING RELATING TO 
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 105(c)(4) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(c)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Appropriate personnel’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Appropriate personnel’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘, including members of the Serv-ice (as such term is defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903))’’ after ‘‘Department of State’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
RAINING COMPONENTS .—Training 
under this paragraph shall include— 
‘‘(i) a distance learning course on traf-
ficking-in-persons issues and the Depart-ment of State’s obligations under this Act, which shall be designed for embassy report-ing officers, regional bureaus’ trafficking-in- persons coordinators, and their superiors; 
‘‘(ii) specific trafficking-in-persons brief-
ings for all ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before such individuals depart for their posts; and ‘‘(iii) at least annual reminders to all per-
sonnel referred to in clauses (i) and (ii), in-cluding appropriate personnel from other Federal departments and agencies, at each diplomatic or consular post of the Depart-ment of State located outside the United States of— 
‘‘(I) key problems, threats, methods, and 
warning signs of trafficking in persons spe-cific to the country or jurisdiction in which each such post is located; and 
‘‘(II) appropriate procedures to report in-
formation that any such personnel may ac-quire about possible cases of trafficking in persons.’’. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human Ex-
ploitation Rescue Operations Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘HERO Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. HERO ACT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The illegal market for the production 
and distribution of child abuse imagery is a growing threat to children in the United States. International demand for this mate-rial creates a powerful incentive for the rape, abuse, and torture of children within the United States. 
(2) The targeting of United States children 
by international criminal networks is a threat to the homeland security of the United States. This threat must be fought with trained personnel and highly specialized counter-child-exploitation strategies and technologies. 
(3) The United States Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security serves a critical national security role in protecting the United States from the growing international threat of child exploitation and human trafficking. 
(4) The Cyber Crimes Center of the United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment is a vital national resource in the ef-fort to combat international child exploi-tation, providing advanced expertise and as-sistance in investigations, computer forensics, and victim identification. 
(5) The returning military heroes of the 
United States possess unique and valuable skills that can assist law enforcement in combating global sexual and child exploi-tation, and the Department of Homeland Se-curity should use this national resource to the maximum extent possible. 
(6) Through the Human Exploitation Res-
cue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program, the returning military heroes of the United States are trained and hired to investigate crimes of child exploitation in order to target predators and rescue children from sexual abuse and slavery. 
(b) C
YBER CRIMES CENTER , CHILD EXPLOI -
TATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, AND COMPUTER  
FORENSICS UNIT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle H of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 890A. CYBER CRIMES CENTER, CHILD EX-
PLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, COMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT, AND CYBER CRIMES UNIT. 
‘‘(a) C YBER CRIMES CENTER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a Cyber Crimes Cen-ter (referred to in this section as the ‘Cen-ter’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Center 
shall be to provide investigative assistance, training, and equipment to support United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’s domestic and international investiga-tions of cyber-related crimes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2345 April 22, 2015 
‘‘(b) C HILD EXPLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS  
UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Child Exploi-tation Investigations Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CEIU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CEIU— 
‘‘(A) shall coordinate all United States Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement child exploitation initiatives, including investiga-tions into— 
‘‘(i) child exploitation; ‘‘(ii) child pornography; ‘‘(iii) child victim identification; ‘‘(iv) traveling child sex offenders; and ‘‘(v) forced child labor, including the sex-
ual exploitation of minors; 
‘‘(B) shall, among other things, focus on— ‘‘(i) child exploitation prevention; ‘‘(ii) investigative capacity building; ‘‘(iii) enforcement operations; and ‘‘(iv) training for Federal, State, local, 
tribal, and foreign law enforcement agency personnel, upon request; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training, technical ex-
pertise, support, or coordination of child ex-ploitation investigations, as needed, to co-operating law enforcement agencies and per-sonnel; 
‘‘(D) shall provide psychological support 
and counseling services for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel engaged in child exploitation preven-tion initiatives, including making available other existing services to assist employees who are exposed to child exploitation mate-rial during investigations; 
‘‘(E) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of the recruiting, training, equipping and hiring of wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program; and 
‘‘(F) shall collaborate with other govern-
mental, nongovernmental, and nonprofit en-tities approved by the Secretary for the sponsorship of, and participation in, out-reach and training activities. 
‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The CEIU shall col-
lect and maintain data concerning— 
‘‘(A) the total number of suspects identi-
fied by United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) the number of arrests by United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, disaggregated by type, including— 
‘‘(i) the number of victims identified 
through investigations carried out by United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of suspects arrested who 
were in positions of trust or authority over children; 
‘‘(C) the number of cases opened for inves-
tigation by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(D) the number of cases resulting in a 
Federal, State, foreign, or military prosecu-tion. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA TO CONGRESS .— 
In addition to submitting the reports re-quired under paragraph (7), the CEIU shall make the data collected and maintained under paragraph (3) available to the commit-tees of Congress described in paragraph (7). 
‘‘(5) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CEIU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(6) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Taskforce, national laboratories, Federal agencies, not-for-profit organizations, and educational institutions to create and expand public awareness cam-paigns in support of the functions of the 
CEIU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of the HERO Act of 2015, and annually for the following 4 years, the CEIU shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing a sum-
mary of the data collected pursuant to para-graph (3) during the previous year to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(v) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(vi) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(B) make a copy of each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Computer Forensics Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CFU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CFU— 
‘‘(A) shall provide training and technical 
support in digital forensics to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(B) shall provide computer hardware, 
software, and forensic licenses for all com-puter forensics personnel within United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; 
‘‘(C) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of digital forensics, in coordination with appropriate components of the Department; and 
‘‘(D) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of recruiting, training, equipping, and hiring wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CFU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Task Force, na-tional laboratories, Federal agencies, not- for-profit organizations, and educational in-stitutions to create and expand public aware-ness campaigns in support of the functions of the CFU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(d) C
YBER CRIMES UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Cyber Crimes Unit (referred to in this subsection as the 
‘CCU’). 
‘‘(2) F UNCTIONS .—The CCU— 
‘‘(A) shall oversee the cyber security strat-
egy and cyber-related operations and pro-grams for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) shall enhance United States Immigra-
tion and Customs Enforcement’s ability to combat criminal enterprises operating on or through the Internet, with specific focus in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) cyber economic crime; ‘‘(ii) digital theft of intellectual property; ‘‘(iii) illicit e-commerce (including hidden 
marketplaces); 
‘‘(iv) Internet-facilitated proliferation of 
arms and strategic technology; and 
‘‘(v) cyber-enabled smuggling and money 
laundering; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training and technical 
support in cyber investigations to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(D) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of cyber investiga-tions, in coordination with appropriate com-ponents of the Department; and 
‘‘(E) is authorized to recruit participants 
of the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program for in-vestigative and forensic positions in support of the functions of the CCU. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CCU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by adding after the item relating to section 890 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 890A. Cyber crimes center, child ex-
ploitation investigations unit, computer forensics unit, and cyber crimes unit.’’. 
(c) HERO C
ORPS HIRING .—It is the sense of 
Congress that Homeland Security Investiga-tions of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement should hire, recruit, train, and equip wounded, ill, or injured mili-tary veterans (as defined in section 101, title 38, United States Code) who are affiliated with the HERO Child Rescue Corps program for investigative, intelligence, analyst, and forensic positions. 
(d) I
NVESTIGATING CHILD EXPLOITATION .— 
Section 307(b)(3) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) conduct research and development for 
the purpose of advancing technology for the investigation of child exploitation crimes, including child victim identification, traf-ficking in persons, and child pornography, and for advanced forensics.’’. 
SEC. 303. TRANSPORTATION FOR ILLEGAL SEX-
UAL ACTIVITY AND RELATED CRIMES. 
Chapter 117 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by striking section 2421 and in-serting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2346 April 22, 2015 
‘‘§ 2421. Transportation generally 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Whoever knowingly 
transports any individual in interstate or foreign commerce, or in any Territory or Possession of the United States, with intent that such individual engage in prostitution, or in any sexual activity for which any per-son can be charged with a criminal offense, or attempts to do so, shall be fined under 
this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUESTS TOPROSECUTE VIOLATIONS  
BYSTATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall grant a request by a State attorney general that a State or local attorney be cross designated to prosecute a violation of this section unless the Attorney General de-termines that granting the request would undermine the administration of justice. 
‘‘(2) R
EASON FOR DENIAL .—If the Attorney 
General denies a request under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall submit to the State attorney general a detailed reason for the denial not later than 60 days after the date on which a request is received.’’. 
TITLE IV—RAPE SURVIVOR CHILD 
CUSTODY 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Rape Sur-
vivor Child Custody Act’’. 
SEC. 402. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) C OVERED FORMULA GRANT .—The term 
‘‘covered formula grant’’ means a grant under— 
(A) part T of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796gg et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘STOP Violence Against Women For-mula Grant Program’’); or 
(B) section 41601 of the Violence Against 
Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043g) (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘Sexual Assault Services Program’’). 
(2) T
ERMINATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘termination’’ 
means, when used with respect to parental rights, a complete and final termination of the parent’s right to custody of, guardian-ship of, visitation with, access to, and inher-itance from a child. 
(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to require a State, in order to receive an increase in the amount provided to the State under the cov-ered formula grants under this title, to have in place a law that terminates any obliga-tion of a person who fathered a child through rape to support the child. 
SEC. 403. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Men who father children through rape 
should be prohibited from visiting or having custody of those children. 
(2) Thousands of rape-related pregnancies 
occur annually in the United States. 
(3) A substantial number of women choose 
to raise their child conceived through rape and, as a result, may face custody battles with their rapists. 
(4) Rape is one of the most under-pros-
ecuted serious crimes, with estimates of criminal conviction occurring in less than 5 percent of rapes. 
(5) The clear and convincing evidence 
standard is the most common standard for termination of parental rights among the 50 States, territories, and the District of Co-lumbia. 
(6) The Supreme Court established that the 
clear and convincing evidence standard sat-isfies due process for allegations to termi-nate or restrict parental rights in Santosky v. Kramer (455 U.S. 745 (1982)). 
(7) Currently only 10 States have statutes 
allowing rape survivors to petition for the termination of parental rights of the rapist 
based on clear and convincing evidence that the child was conceived through rape. 
(8) A rapist pursuing parental or custody 
rights causes the survivor to have continued interaction with the rapist, which can have traumatic psychological effects on the sur-vivor, and can make it more difficult for her to recover. 
(9) These traumatic effects on the mother 
can severely negatively impact her ability to raise a healthy child. 
(10) Rapists may use the threat of pursuing 
custody or parental rights to coerce sur-vivors into not prosecuting rape, or other-wise harass, intimidate, or manipulate them. 
SEC. 404. INCREASED FUNDING FOR FORMULA 
GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
The Attorney General shall increase the 
amount provided to a State under the cov-ered formula grants in accordance with this title if the State has in place a law that al-lows the mother of any child that was con-ceived through rape to seek court-ordered termination of the parental rights of her rap-ist with regard to that child, which the court is authorized to grant upon clear and con-vincing evidence of rape. 
SEC. 405. APPLICATION. 
A State seeking an increase in the amount 
provided to the State under the covered for-mula grants shall include in the application of the State for each covered formula grant such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require, including informa-tion about the law described in section 404. 
SEC. 406. GRANT INCREASE. 
The amount of the increase provided to a 
State under the covered formula grants under this title shall be equal to not more than 10 percent of the average of the total amount of funding provided to the State under the covered formula grants under the 3 most recent awards to the State. 
SEC. 407. PERIOD OF INCREASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall provide an increase in the amount pro-vided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title for a 2-year period. 
(b) L
IMIT.—The Attorney General may not 
provide an increase in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title more than 4 times. 
SEC. 408. ALLOCATION OF INCREASED FORMULA 
GRANT FUNDS. 
The Attorney General shall allocate an in-
crease in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title such that— 
(1) 25 percent the amount of the increase is 
provided under the program described in sec-tion 402(1)(A); and 
(2) 75 percent the amount of the increase is 
provided under the program described in sec-tion 402(1)(B). 
SEC. 409. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this title $5,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2015 through 2019. 
TITLE V—MILITARY SEX OFFENDER 
REPORTING 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Sex Offender Reporting Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 502. REGISTRATION OF SEX OFFENDERS RE-
LEASED FROM MILITARY CORREC-TIONS FACILITIES OR UPON CONVIC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Sex Offender Reg-
istration and Notification Act is amended by inserting after section 128 (42 U.S.C. 16928) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 128A. REGISTRATION OF SEX OFFENDERS 
RELEASED FROM MILITARY COR-RECTIONS FACILITIES OR UPON CONVICTION. 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall provide to 
the Attorney General the information de-scribed in section 114 to be included in the 
National Sex Offender Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website regarding persons— 
‘‘(1)(A) released from military corrections 
facilities; or 
‘‘(B) convicted if the sentences adjudged by 
courts-martial under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), do not include confine-ment; and 
‘‘(2) required to register under this title.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents of the Adam 
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 128 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 128A. Registration of sex offenders re-
leased from military correc-tions facilities or upon convic-tion.’’. 
TITLE VI—STOPPING EXPLOITATION 
THROUGH TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 601. SAFE HARBOR INCENTIVES. 
Part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 1701(c), by striking ‘‘where 
feasible’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an applica-tion— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law that— 
‘‘(A) treats a minor who has engaged in, or 
has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking in persons; 
‘‘(B) discourages or prohibits the charging 
or prosecution of an individual described in subparagraph (A) for a prostitution or sex trafficking offense, based on the conduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) encourages the diversion of an indi-
vidual described in subparagraph (A) to ap-propriate service providers, including child welfare services, victim treatment programs, child advocacy centers, rape crisis centers, or other social services.’’; and 
(2) in section 1709, by inserting at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5) ‘commercial sex act’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
‘‘(6) ‘minor’ means an individual who has 
not attained the age of 18 years. 
‘‘(7) ‘severe form of trafficking in persons’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-lence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
SEC. 602. REPORT ON RESTITUTION PAID IN CON-
NECTION WITH CERTAIN TRAF-FICKING OFFENSES. 
Section 105(d)(7)(Q) of the Victims of Traf-
ficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)(Q)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after ‘‘1590,’’ the following: 
‘‘1591,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and 1594’’ and inserting 
‘‘1594, 2251, 2251A, 2421, 2422, and 2423’’; 
(3) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(4) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(5) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vi) the number of individuals required by 
a court order to pay restitution in connec-tion with a violation of each offense under title 18, United States Code, the amount of restitution required to be paid under each such order, and the amount of restitution ac-tually paid pursuant to each such order; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2347 April 22, 2015 
‘‘(vii) the age, gender, race, country of ori-
gin, country of citizenship, and description of the role in the offense of individuals con-victed under each offense; and’’. 
SEC. 603. NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE. 
Section 107(b)(1)(B) of the Victims of Crime 
Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Subject’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT -
LINE.—Beginning in fiscal year 2017, and in 
each fiscal year thereafter, of amounts made available for grants under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make grants for a national communica-tion system to assist victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons in communicating with service providers. The Secretary shall give priority to grant applicants that have experience in providing telephone services to victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons.’’. 
SEC. 604. JOB CORPS ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 144(a)(3) of the Workforce Innova-
tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3194(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A victim of a severe form of traf-
ficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)). Not-withstanding paragraph (2), an individual de-scribed in this subparagraph shall not be re-quired to demonstrate eligibility under such paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 605. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF THE 
UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERV-ICE. 
Section 566(e)(1) of title 28, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) assist State, local, and other Federal 
law enforcement agencies, upon the request of such an agency, in locating and recovering missing children.’’. 
SEC. 606. ESTABLISHING A NATIONAL STRATEGY 
TO COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall implement and maintain a National Strategy for Combating Human Trafficking (referred to in this section as the ‘‘National Strategy’’) in accordance with this section. 
(b) R
EQUIRED CONTENTS OF NATIONAL  
STRATEGY .—The National Strategy shall in-
clude the following: 
(1) Integrated Federal, State, local, and 
tribal efforts to investigate and prosecute human trafficking cases, including— 
(A) the development by each United States 
attorney, in consultation with State, local, and tribal government agencies, of a dis-trict-specific strategic plan to coordinate the identification of victims and the inves-tigation and prosecution of human traf-ficking crimes; 
(B) the appointment of not fewer than 1 as-
sistant United States attorney in each dis-trict dedicated to the prosecution of human trafficking cases or responsible for imple-menting the National Strategy; 
(C) the participation in any Federal, State, 
local, or tribal human trafficking task force operating in the district of the United States attorney; and 
(D) any other efforts intended to enhance 
the level of coordination and cooperation, as determined by the Attorney General. 
(2) Case coordination within the Depart-
ment of Justice, including specific integra-tion, coordination, and collaboration, as ap-
propriate, on human trafficking investiga-tions between and among the United States attorneys, the Human Trafficking Prosecu-tion Unit, the Child Exploitation and Ob-scenity Section, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
(3) Annual budget priorities and Federal ef-
forts dedicated to preventing and combating human trafficking, including resources dedi-cated to the Human Trafficking Prosecution Unit, the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and all other entities that receive Federal support that have a goal or mission to com-bat the exploitation of adults and children. 
(4) An ongoing assessment of the future 
trends, challenges, and opportunities, includ-ing new investigative strategies, techniques, and technologies, that will enhance Federal, State, local, and tribal efforts to combat human trafficking. 
(5) Encouragement of cooperation, coordi-
nation, and mutual support between private sector and other entities and organizations and Federal agencies to combat human traf-ficking, including the involvement of State, local, and tribal government agencies to the extent Federal programs are involved. 
TITLE VII—TRAFFICKING AWARENESS 
TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trafficking 
Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 702. DEVELOPMENT OF BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) G RANT OR CONTRACT FOR DEVELOPMENT  
OFBESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services acting through the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, and in consultation with the Administration on Children and Families and other agencies with experience in serving victims of human trafficking, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant or contract to an eligible enti-ty to train health care professionals to rec-ognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF EVIDENCE -BASED BEST  
PRACTICES .—An entity receiving a grant 
under paragraph (1) shall develop evidence- based best practices for health care profes-sionals to recognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking, including— 
(A) consultation with law enforcement of-
ficials, social service providers, health pro-fessionals, experts in the field of human traf-ficking, and other experts, as appropriate, to inform the development of such best prac-tices; 
(B) the identification of any existing best 
practices or tools for health professionals to recognize potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(C) the development of educational mate-
rials to train health care professionals on the best practices developed under this sub-section. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Best practices devel-
oped under this subsection shall address— 
(A) risk factors and indicators to recognize 
victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(B) patient safety and security; (C) the management of medical records of 
patients who are victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(D) public and private social services avail-
able for rescue, food, clothing, and shelter referrals; 
(E) the hotlines for reporting human traf-
ficking maintained by the National Human Trafficking Resource Center and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; (F) validated assessment tools for the iden-
tification of victims of a severe form of traf-ficking; and 
(G) referral options and procedures for 
sharing information on human trafficking with a patient and making referrals for legal and social services as appropriate. 
(4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—An entity receiving a 
grant under paragraph (1) shall design and implement a pilot program to test the best practices and educational materials identi-fied or developed with respect to the recogni-tion of victims of human trafficking by health professionals at health care sites lo-cated near an established anti-human traf-ficking task force initiative in each of the 10 administrative regions of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
(5) A
NALYSIS AND REPORT .—Not later than 
24 months after the date on which an entity implements a pilot program under paragraph (4), the entity shall— 
(A) analyze the results of the pilot pro-
grams, including through an assessment of— 
(i) changes in the skills, knowledge, and 
attitude of health care professionals result-ing from the implementation of the program; 
(ii) the number of victims of a severe form 
of trafficking who were identified under the program; 
(iii) of those victims identified, the number 
who received information or referrals for services offered; and 
(iv) of those victims who received such in-
formation or referrals— 
(I) the number who participated in follow 
up services; and 
(II) the type of follow up services received; (B) determine, using the results of the 
analysis conducted under subparagraph (A), the extent to which the best practices devel-oped under this subsection are evidence- based; and 
(C) submit to the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services a report concerning the pilot program and the analysis of the pilot program under subparagraph (A), including an identification of the best practices that were identified as effective and those that require further review. 
(b) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 30 
months after date on which a grant is award-ed to an eligible entity under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall— 
(1) collaborate with appropriate profes-
sional associations and health care profes-sional schools to disseminate best practices identified or developed under subsection (a) for purposes of recognizing potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(2) post on the public website of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services the best practices that are identified by the as effective under subsection (a)(5). 
SEC. 703. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an ac-
credited school of medicine or nursing with experience in the study or treatment of vic-tims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(2) The term ‘‘eligible site’’ means a health 
center that is receiving assistance under sec-tion 330, 399Z–1, or 1001 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b, 280h–5, and 300). 
(3) The term ‘‘health care professional’’ 
means a person employed by a health care provider who provides to patients informa-tion (including information not related to medical treatment), scheduling, services, or referrals. 
(4) The term ‘‘HIPAA privacy and security 
law’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19). 
(5) The term ‘‘victim of a severe form of 
trafficking’’ has the meaning given to such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2348 April 22, 2015 
term in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-
tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. 704. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this title, and this title shall be carried out using amounts oth-erwise available for such purpose. 
TITLE VIII—BETTER RESPONSE FOR 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring a 
Better Response for Victims of Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
SEC. 802. CAPTA AMENDMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments to the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) made by this section shall take effect 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) S
TATE PLANS .—Section 106 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (xxii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxiv) provisions and procedures requiring 
identification and assessment of all reports involving children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(10) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102 (10)); and 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for train-
ing child protective services workers about identifying, assessing, and providing com-prehensive services for children who are sex trafficking victims, including efforts to co-ordinate with State law enforcement, juve-nile justice, and social service agencies such as runaway and homeless youth shelters to serve this population;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The number of children determined to 
be victims described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xxiv).’’. 
(c) S
PECIAL RULE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 111 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) S PECIAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 
3(2) and subsection (a)(4), a child shall be considered a victim of ‘child abuse and ne-glect’ and of ‘sexual abuse’ if the child is identified, by a State or local agency em-ployee of the State or locality involved, as being a victim of sex trafficking (as defined in paragraph (10) of section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) or a victim of severe forms of trafficking in persons described in paragraph (9)(A) of that section. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE OPTION .—Notwithstanding the 
definition of ‘child’ in section 3(1), a State may elect to define that term for purposes of the application of paragraph (1) to section 3(2) and subsection (a)(4) as a person who has not attained the age of 24.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(2) 
of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including sexual abuse as deter-mined under section 111)’’ after ‘‘sexual abuse or exploitation’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Paragraph 
(5)(C) of subsection (a), as so designated, of section 111 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended by striking ‘‘inhumane;’’ and in-serting ‘‘inhumane.’’. TITLE IX—ANTI-TRAFFICKING TRAINING 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 901. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(2) H
UMAN TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘human 
trafficking’’ means an act or practice de-scribed in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 902. TRAINING FOR DEPARTMENT PER-
SONNEL TO IDENTIFY HUMAN TRAF-FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a program to— 
(1) train and periodically retrain relevant 
Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Department personnel that the Sec-retary considers appropriate, with respect to how to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking, and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking, during the course of their pri-mary roles and responsibilities; and 
(2) ensure that the personnel referred to in 
paragraph (1) regularly receive current infor-mation on matters related to the detection of human trafficking, including information that becomes available outside of the De-partment’s initial or periodic retraining schedule, to the extent relevant to their offi-cial duties and consistent with applicable in-formation and privacy laws. 
(b) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training re-
ferred to in subsection (a) may be conducted through in-class or virtual learning capabili-ties, and shall include— 
(1) methods for identifying suspected vic-
tims of human trafficking and, where appro-priate, perpetrators of human trafficking; 
(2) for appropriate personnel, methods to 
approach a suspected victim of human traf-ficking, where appropriate, in a manner that is sensitive to the suspected victim and is not likely to alert a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking; 
(3) training that is most appropriate for a 
particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training per-form their official duties; 
(4) other topics determined by the Sec-
retary to be appropriate; and 
(5) a post-training evaluation for personnel 
receiving the training. 
(c) T
RAINING CURRICULUM REVIEW .—The 
Secretary shall annually reassess the train-ing program established under subsection (a) to ensure it is consistent with current tech-niques, patterns, and trends associated with human trafficking. 
SEC. 903. CERTIFICATION AND REPORT TO CON-
GRESS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall certify to Congress that all personnel referred to in section 402(a) have successfully completed the training re-quired under that section. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to Congress with respect to the overall effectiveness of the program required by this title, the number of cases reported by Department personnel in which human traf-ficking was suspected, and, of those cases, the number of cases that were confirmed cases of human trafficking. SEC. 904. ASSISTANCE TO NON-FEDERAL ENTI-
TIES. 
The Secretary may provide training cur-
ricula to any State, local, or tribal govern-ment or private organization to assist the government or organization in establishing a program of training to identify human traf-ficking, upon request from the government or organization. 
SEC. 905. EXPANDED USE OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS’ FUND. 
Section 3014(e)(1) of title 18, United States 
Code, as added by section 101 of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) section 106 of the PROTECT Our Chil-
dren Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 17616).’’. 
TITLE X—HUMAN TRAFFICKING SUR-
VIVORS RELIEF AND EMPOWERMENT ACT 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human 
Trafficking Survivors Relief and Empower-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. PROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1701(c) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘where feasible’’ and all that follows, and in-serting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an application— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law— 
‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) provides a process by which an indi-
vidual who is a human trafficking survivor can move to vacate any arrest or conviction records for a non-violent offense committed as a direct result of human trafficking, in-cluding prostitution or lewdness; 
‘‘(ii) establishes a rebuttable presumption 
that any arrest or conviction of an indi-vidual for an offense associated with human trafficking is a result of being trafficked, if the individual— 
‘‘(I) is a person granted nonimmigrant sta-
tus pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(T)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(T)(i)); 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a certification by the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 107(b)(1)(E) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(E)); or 
‘‘(III) has other similar documentation of 
trafficking, which has been issued by a Fed-eral, State, or local agency; and 
‘‘(iii) protects the identity of individuals 
who are human trafficking survivors in pub-lic and court records; and 
‘‘(B) that does not require an individual 
who is a human trafficking survivor to pro-vide official documentation as described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(ii) in order to receive protection under the law.’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
GARDNER ). The majority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.056 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2349 April 22, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak on an amendment that I was pleased to include in the human trafficking legislation that was passed earlier today. The amendment was based on the Human Trafficking Sur-vivors Relief and Empowerment Act, which I introduced several weeks ago. 
It has a simple purpose. It provides 
an incentive for States to enact laws that allow human trafficking survivors to clear their criminal records of pros-titution and other low-level, non-violent crimes that they can reason-ably demonstrate were the result of being trafficked. 
Many States, including my home 
State of New Hampshire, have vacatur laws in place. However, we need to en-sure that survivors of human traf-ficking have access to these types of protections no matter where they are rescued, or what State they were forced to commit crimes in. 
When I first introduced this legisla-
tion, I shared the story of a young woman named Katie featured in a re-cent NPR story on vacatur laws. In the story, she spoke about her heart-breaking experience as a trafficking victim. 
Katie talked about being raped at age 
11, and at age 13 being forced into com-mercial sex. 
She talked about having her skull 
cracked and ribs broken, and about the regular beatings that resulted in bruises and black eyes. She talked about 7 years of the worst kinds of physical and emotional torture, and being transported nearly 1,400 miles from her home. 
But Katie also talked about her re-
covery—about rebuilding a life with her family and young son, about work-ing hard to make a better life. 
According to Katie, one of the most 
important things we can do for these survivors, these brave young men and women, is to give them the tools to start over. 
As Katie told NPR, ‘‘I’m not ever 
going to forget what I’ve done, but at the same time, I don’t want it thrown in my face every time I’m trying to seek employment.’’ 
Survivors of human trafficking are 
victims of a crime. Yet often it is the victims who are arrested, detained, prosecuted, and convicted. 
Records of these crimes, can follow 
survivors for life. These records limit access to safe housing and good jobs. They can even bar access to car loans and educational opportunities. They leave trafficking survivors with few op-tions, and in some cases drive individ-uals back to engaging in commercial sex. 
Vacatur laws help victims start 
fresh. They are a critical part of recov-ery and should be available in every 
State, and my amendment will help us achieve that goal. 
I will close by sharing comments 
that Katie’s mom recently sent to my office. It think it clearly demonstrates what is possible when survivors are given the time and support they need to recover. 
She wrote: 
As a mother and as a woman watching all 
those years, being totally overwhelmed by hopelessness AND helplessness, I can see a positive . . . . I think the 11 year old girl I lost is coming back to me . . . as a woman— a little battle weary but stronger and happier and filled with so much hope. 
We want this kind of new beginning 
for every victim of trafficking. And that is exactly what this provision will help accomplish. I want to thank my colleagues for their support, and hope this bill will move quickly through the House and to the President for signa-ture into law. 
f 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 100TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
rise to commemorate the 100th anni-versary of the Armenian genocide, widely recognized as the first genocide of the 20th century. 
April 24, 1915 marked the beginning 
of a horrific period in our world’s his-tory and for the Armenian people. On this day, agents of the Ottoman Em-pire rounded up and executed Arme-nian community leaders, poets, and in-tellectuals. What ensued was the sys-tematic extermination of 1.5 million Armenian men, women and children at the hands of the Ottoman Turkish gov-ernment. From 1915 to 1923, the world witnessed the attempted destruction of the Armenian people for no reason other than their very existence. 
Unfortunately, the events sur-
rounding the Armenian genocide are fraught with denial. But the case is simple. When Raphael Lemkin coined the term ‘‘genocide’’ in the 1940s, he had what happened to the Armenians in mind as a definitive example. 
Those who perished experienced some 
of the worst aspects of humanity. But the campaign to exterminate the Ar-menian people failed. And those who survived embodied the best qualities of the human spirit: hope, resilience, per-severance, and love. Some survivors made their way to America, and many of them built their new lives in Michi-gan. They have created thriving com-munities, built businesses, raised fami-lies, and contributed to the fabric of what makes the State of Michigan so great. Their descendants carry on these values, and the richness of their cul-ture is part of what gives vibrancy to our State. 
The Armenians in Michigan boast a 
community of well over 20,000. It is the largest in the Midwest, and I am proud to represent them. To commemorate the 100th anniversary, Michigan’s Ar-menian community has organized a number of events, lectures, art exhib-
its, concerts, and vigils to remember the victims of the genocide, to educate their communities, and to look to the future. I applaud their efforts to pre-serve their culture and identity. 
Over the last century, the Armenians 
of Michigan erected churches, estab-lished community centers, and built a day school. They also founded edu-cational centers such as the Armenian Research Center at the University of Michigan-Dearborn. International lan-guage and linguistics courses at Wayne State University are located in Manoogian Hall, which was named after the notable Detroit-Armenian philanthropist and businessman Alex Manoogian. These are just part of the Armenian community’s contributions to Michigan. 
While Armenians have found pros-
perity in their new home, they have not forgotten those who did not live to see what the future held for their peo-ple. Many of Michigan’s Armenian community members have written books and recorded accounts of what happened to their families in 1915 in an effort to shed light and increase aware-ness. These stories will carry on for generations, and remind us all that if we do not recognize the atrocities of the past we risk blinding ourselves to the atrocities that could still occur today. 
Charging toward a peaceful future re-
quires making peace with the past. De-nial does not serve our American val-ues. Denial minimizes the great trag-edy that fell upon the victims, the sur-vivors, and their descendants. Over 40 States have affirmed the Armenian genocide, including Michigan. I have called on, and will continue to call on, the President to formally recognize that the atrocities committed against the Armenian people were in fact geno-cide. 
Recognition of the Armenian geno-
cide is long overdue. A crime like this casts a long shadow. This shadow can be conquered only by light—the light of truth that comes from fully ac-knowledging the full scale of the hor-ror that the Armenians endured. 
f 
EARTH DAY 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today is 
Earth Day, and on Earth Day it is im-portant for all of us to reflect not only on how human activity impacts the en-vironment but also how those impacts on the environment affect people. 
Unfortunately, one of the impacts of 
climate change that is increasingly being documented by the military and intelligence communities is that cli-mate change is a threat to our national security. This threat takes many forms. Perhaps the simplest manifesta-tion is the threat of sea level rise on the Pentagon’s 700 costal facilities. Naval Station Norfolk in Virginia is the largest naval base in the world, but the station and the surrounding com-munity is being inundated by coastal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.048 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2350 April 22, 2015 
flooding from sea level rise. Norfolk is 
experiencing high tides 11⁄2feet higher 
than it did a century ago. This has al-ready caused the naval base to have to abandon some piers, but perhaps the real worry is how flooding could pre-vent sailors from reaching the base during a weather event. One local min-ister quipped to the Washington Post that the local church that is now up for sale faced the prospect of putting ‘‘the tide chart on their Web site’’ so people would know whether they could get to church. 
Norfolk and the Navy are exploring 
various solutions, including a costly flood gate proposal, but the reality is that Naval Station Norfolk and U.S. Navy infrastructure around the world is at threat around the world, and in a time of tightening budgets, that can have real impacts on military readi-ness. 
A similar problem exists in my home 
State, in Annapolis, home to the U.S. Naval Academy. NOAA’s 2014 ‘‘Sea Level Rise and Nuisance Flood Fre-quency Changes Around the United States’’ found that ‘‘Annapolis and Baltimore, Maryland, lead the list with an increase in number of flood days of more than 920 percent since 1960.’’ NOAA goes on to conclude that sea level rise in the waters of the Chesa-peake Bay is the cause of these ‘‘nui-sance flooding’’ events. 
On Monday, I visited the Patuxant 
River Naval Air Station in Southern Maryland on the western shore of the Chesapeake Bay. I raised the issue of how sea level rise is expected to affect the important work this installation does to ensure our Navy’s defense pre-paredness and aircraft testing and what sort of preparation and mitiga-tion work they were doing to meet these imminent challenges. 
Critical to the function of Pax Riv-
er’s operations is that the base be lo-cated at sea level, so if sea level is changing, even by just a few feet, they have to account for these changes and essentially raise the base. Fortunately, the Navy is already putting a lot of thought into this issue; however, the infrastructure adaptation and mitiga-tion projects that are essential to keeping our military prepared are com-ing at the expense of the taxpayer. 
Climate change is also a threat to na-
tional security because it can serve as a threat multiplier. For as long as there have been humans, there has been conflict over resources, especially when those resources are scarce and es-sential. Many national security and de-fense experts have commented on how climate change’s impacts on food pro-duction, freshwater resources, and the destruction of critical infrastructure is contributing to political instability in a number of countries, particularly in developing countries where political leadership is already tenuous. 
As former colonel and current De-
partment of Defense consultant Pete Newell put it, ‘‘As a precursor to con-flict, lack of access to basic human needs is a major driver and it’s only 
getting worse.’’ 
Prolonged drought and other serious 
environmental disasters are also made more likely in a warming world, and these kinds of conditions can over-whelm governments and cause govern-ment collapse. 
The potential of conflict, radicalism, 
and terrorism are heightened when states fail. 
Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs 
of Staff, Michael Mullin, was quoted in the DOD’s 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review: 
The scarcity of and potential competition 
for resources . . . compounded by the influx of refugees . . . creates conditions of hope-lessness that could lead to failed states and make populations vulnerable to radicalization. 
CNA Corporation’s Military Advisory 
Board issued a 2014 report titled ‘‘Na-tional Security and the Accelerating Risks of Climate Change ‘‘calling for political leadership to address the causes and impacts of climate change: 
The national security risks of projected 
climate change are as serious as any chal-lenges we have faced . . . .Political posturing and budgetary woes cannot be allowed to in-hibit discussion and debate over what so many believe to be a salient national secu-rity concern for our nation. 
Scholars at U.C. Santa Barbara and 
Columbia University have shown how Syria is an example of how climate change can help create conditions that lead to conflict. The ongoing tragedy of ISIS cannot be explained by any one single cause, but studies are pointing to climate change as an important fac-tor. 
Between 2006 and 2010, Syria experi-
enced its worst drought in decades. Re-portedly this caused crop failure on 60 percent of Syria’s arable land and the country lost 8o percent of its head of cattle. 
Rural farmers had nowhere to go but 
to Syria’s cities. Syria’s Government, which was already dealing with 1 mil-lion displaced people from Iraq, was overwhelmed by an influx of 1 million people internally displaced by drought. 
As we know all too well from recent 
history, failed states and the chaotic conditions within them are breeding grounds of terrorism and radicalism such as that practiced by ISIS. 
Climate change helped create 
stresses on the Syrian Government it could not handle, and its collapse has helped lead to the emergence of ISIS. 
Leaders and experts attribute other 
global conflicts to climate change. Ban Ki-moon holds that violence in Darfur was sparked by a decline in rainfall that devastated cattle herds. Others believe that the 2011 Arab spring re-lates to heat waves that forced cereal- exporting countries to take grain off the global market. 
A severe drought in the Horn of Afri-
ca has starved off tens of thousands of Somalis, and many more are on the brink of starvation in crowded refugee camps nearby. This displacement and desperation can only compound other crises and issues, such as civil conflict, 
fragile societies, and underdevelop-ment. 
Many Pacific Island nations, such as 
Kiribati and Tuvalu, are being swal-lowed up by the ocean. 
While no single extreme weather 
event can be attributed to climate change, and the Earth has certainly ex-perienced hurricanes and cyclones since the dawn of time, what is worth noting is the trend in increased inten-sity and frequency of extreme weather events is clear. Since 2000, there have been 18 category 5 hurricanes and cy-clones—18 storms in the last 14 years. The previous 18 category 5 storms oc-curred over a 39-year period from 1961 to 2000. In other words, the phe-nomenon is becoming a more common occurrence in our world. 
Last month, Cyclone Pam quite lit-
erally leveled the island nation of Vanuatu in the South Pacific. An over-whelming majority of the island’s structures were destroyed. As the days went on and the media began to lose focus on the humanitarian crisis that was unfolding, access to food and fresh-water became increasingly difficult for the people of Vanuatu. Foreign aid has slowly made its way to the stricken people of Vanuatu. The World Health Organization has noted a rise in ill-nesses related to lack of access to safe drinking water and exposure to mos-quito-borne diseases. 
We must remain mindful of the pace 
and quality of recovery efforts in Vanuatu. Cyclone Pam has created a situation that could very easily desta-bilize the government if conditions on the ground in Vanuatu do not continue to improve. 
Extremist organizations feed on in-
stability and chaos, and if the people of Vanuatu feel their government is not adequately addressing their needs in a timely fashion, concerned nations need to be vigilant of what forces may take hold. 
As climate change worsens, more 
countries may become vulnerable to its effects. Lack of food, water, and living space is displacing and killing people. 
To protect our national security, we 
need to listen to the Department of De-fense and an emerging group of schol-ars who are showing the connections between climate change and conflict. That means heeding the warnings of humanitarian need, providing adequate aid to maintain stability during crises, and helping vulnerable countries build resilient infrastructure. But most fun-damentally it means we need to fight 
climate change. Global warming pollu-tion is harming our planet, harming nature, and endangering wildlife. 
But Earth Day is not just about the 
Earth; it is also about the people in-habit it. Let’s remember the most se-vere human impacts of climate, its im-pacts on our national security, and avert the worst affects of global warm-ing. 
Let’s do justice to Earth Day and 
make fighting climate change a true national priority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.053 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2351 April 22, 2015 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE SAINTS JOHN 
NEUMANN AND MARIA GORETTI HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKET-BALL TEAM 
∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the Saints John Neumann and Maria Goretti High School girls varsity basketball team from Philadel-phia, PA. After an undefeated 2014–2015 season, the Neumann-Goretti Lady Saints achieved the No. 1 rank in the Nation and were named the national champions of all high school basketball teams. This remarkable achievement demonstrates the fortitude and talent of the team, its leadership and the school. 
Under head coach Andrea Peterson, 
the Lady-Saints dominated their reg-ular season, securing their playoff berth when they earned their second consecutive Philadelphia Catholic League Championship. The Lady- Saints continued their streak, winning the PIAA District XII AA City Cham-pionship and earning a top seed in the Pennsylvania State tournament. 
After earning wins with large mar-
gins in all four rounds of the Pennsyl-vania State tournament, the Neumann- Goretti team entered the State cham-pionship game against the Seton-La-Salle Rebels of Pittsburgh. Dominating the game with a score of 79–34, the Lady Saints earned the Pennsylvania State championship title. This monu-mental season resulted in national rec-ognition by USA TODAY, ESPN, CBS MaxPreps, and Blue Star Media. The team was also named team of the year for the Philadelphia and Southeastern Pennsylvania region by the Philadel-phia Inquirer. 
I am proud to join the city of Phila-
delphia in celebrating the performance of senior players Ciani Cryor, Sianni Martin, A.J. Timbers, Christina Aborowa, Melanie Schoolfield, Kaschae Harris, and honorary team member Amanda Brett. I also congratulate re-turning players Felicia Aiyeotan, Erica Brown, Minika Glenn, Jabria Ingram, Alisha Kebbe, Jada Russell, Kamiah Smalls, Jaylen Durrett, Shayla Green, Daijah Parmley, and Chyna Wooten. I wish all of these players well as they continue their academic careers. 
The Neumann-Goretti Lady-Saints, 
Head Coach Peterson, Assistant Coach Kat Scanlan, Ms. Letty Santarelli and the entire Saints John Neumann and Maria Goretti High School should take great pride in this achievement. Their accomplishments are celebrated by the entire Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. I wish the team and the community every success in their future endeav-ors. ∑ 
f 
JOB CORPS 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
would like to recognize the Job Corps program, which trains our Nation’s young people to see and create a viable future. This year, they celebrate their 
50th anniversary. In my State, Alaska, our Job Corps Center is now 20 years old. In that time, it has graduated over 5,000 students. At any of Alaska’s hos-pitals, businesses, government offices, native corporations, contractors, elec-trical or telecom companies, nursing facilities, accounting firms, banks, water plants, and prestigious res-taurants, you will always find success-fully employed Alaska Job Corps grad-uates. These former students are now taxpayers and so proud of their achievements. I stand with them, as their proud Senator. These alumni look favorably upon their time at Alaska’s Job Corps Center as a time that made an enormous difference in their lives; oftentimes the difference between safe-ty and danger, success and failure, and wealth and poverty. This program works. It has a heart that never stops beating the supportive drumbeat of success and training for our young peo-ple. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:22 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S.535. An act to promote energy efficiency. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 471. An act to improve enforcement 
efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolutions, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 21. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. 
H. Con. Res. 25. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Serv-ice and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 471. An act to improve enforcement 
efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED 
The following bill was discharged 
from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, and referred as indi-cated: 
S. 782. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
The following bill was discharged 
from the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs, and 
referred as indicated: 
H.R. 710. An act to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to prepare a comprehen-sive security assessment of the transpor-tation security card program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 1035. A bill to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. E NZI, Mr. L EE, Mr. D AINES , 
and Mr. B ARRASSO ): 
S. 1036. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to provide certain Western States assistance in the development of statewide conserva-tion and management plans for the protec-tion and recovery of sage-grouse species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. RISCH: 
S. 1037. A bill to expand the provisions for 
termination of mandatory purchase require-ments under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. RISCH: 
S. 1038. A bill to clarify that no express or 
implied warranty is provided by reason of a disclosure relating to voluntary participa-tion in the Energy Star program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. RISCH: 
S. 1039. A bill to require certain agencies to 
conduct assessments of data centers and de-velop data center consolidation and optimi-zation plans to achieve energy cost savings; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 1040. A bill to direct the Consumer Prod-
uct Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements proposed by the Com-mission for recreational off-highway vehicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1041. A bill to eliminate certain sub-
sidies for fossil-fuel production; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
M
ARKEY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S ANDERS , 
Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. R EED): 
S. 1042. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-
nental Shelf Lands Act to permanently pro-hibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22AP6.026 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2352 April 22, 2015 
outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, 
South Atlantic, and North Atlantic planning areas; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Ms. 
B
ALDWIN ): 
S. 1043. A bill to ensure that transportation 
and infrastructure projects carried out using Federal financial assistance are constructed with steel, iron, and manufactured goods that are produced in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1044. A bill to enhance consumer access 
to electricity information and allow for the adoption of innovative products and services to help consumers manage their energy usage; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. P ERDUE ): 
S. 1045. A bill to protect 10th Amendment 
rights by providing special standing for State government officials to challenge pro-posed regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. CANTWELL: 
S. 1046. A bill to accelerate the adoption of 
smart building technologies in the private sector and key Federal agencies; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER: 
S. 1047. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to review rulemaking proceedings of other Federal agencies for the potential to cause an adverse effect on the cost, time, or difficulty of complying with energy effi-ciency regulations, guidelines, or standards; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER: 
S. 1048. A bill to remove the authority of 
the Secretary of Energy to amend or issue new energy efficiency standards for ceiling fans; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
B
OOZMAN , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. 
FLAKE ): 
S. 1049. A bill to allow the financing by 
United States persons of sales of agricultural commodities to Cuba; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ): 
S. 1050. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 by es-tablishing a program to support the mod-ernization, renovation, or repair of career and technical education facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN: 
S. 1051. A bill to include county and munic-
ipal correctional facilities among medical fa-cilities that qualify for designation as health professional shortage areas for purposes of the National Health Service Corps; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 1052. A bill to require a study on the im-
pact of State and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies for commercial and multifamily buildings, to provide for competitive awards to utilities, States, and units of local government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 1053. A bill to amend the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act to promote al-ternative fueled vehicle fleets and infra-structure; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 1054. A bill to improve the productivity 
and energy efficiency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Academies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide assistance to small- and me-dium-sized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 1055. A bill to require the Administrator 
of General Services and the Secretary of En-ergy to set goals for deep energy retrofits in Federal buildings; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C OONS , Ms. 
STABENOW , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. K AINE, 
and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. 1056. A bill to eliminate racial profiling 
by law enforcement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1057. A bill to promote geothermal en-
ergy, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ERKLEY , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. K ING): 
S. 1058. A bill to promote research, devel-
opment, and demonstration of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
D
URBIN ): 
S. 1059. A bill to provide Dreamer students 
with access to student financial aid; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 1060. A bill to improve the Federal Pell 
Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 1061. A bill to improve the Federal Pell 
Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EED, 
Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 1062. A bill to improve the Federal Pell 
Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 1063. A bill to amend title VI of the Pub-
lic Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a Federal energy efficiency re-source standard for electricity and natural gas suppliers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
WICKER , and Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. Res. 144. A resolution supporting the 
mission and goals of 2015 National Crime Victims’ Rights Week, which include in-creasing public awareness of the rights, needs, and concerns of, and services avail-able to assist, victims and survivors of crime in the United States; considered and agreed 
to. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Mr. I
SAKSON ): 
S. Res. 145. A resolution supporting the 
designation of April 2015, as ‘‘Parkinson’s Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mr. P ERDUE , and Ms. M IKUL-
SKI): 
S. Res. 146. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of the week of April 13 through April 17, 2015, as ‘‘National Assist-ant Principals Week’’ ; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. R EID): 
S. Res. 147. A resolution designating Don-
ald A. Ritchie as Historian Emeritus of the United States Senate; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 142 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 142, a bill to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promul-gate a rule to require child safety packaging for liquid nicotine con-tainers, and for other purposes. 
S. 165 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
165, a bill to extend and enhance prohi-bitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
S. 182 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 182, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to prohibit Federal edu-cation mandates, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96- hour physician certification require-ment for inpatient critical access hos-pital services. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 483 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.036 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2353 April 22, 2015 
(Mr. C ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 483, a bill to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug di-version and abuse, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
498, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed firearms. 
S. 582 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 582, a bill to prohibit tax-payer funded abortions. 
S. 615 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) and the Sen-
ator from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 615, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage orginator and a high- cost mortgage. 
S. 744 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 744, a bill to rescind certain Fed-eral funds identified by States as un-wanted and use the funds to reduce the Federal debt. 
S. 898 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 898, a bill to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to provide for the participation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan re-payment programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 922 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
922, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the treat-ment of foreign corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 925 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 925, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to convene a panel of citizens to make a rec-ommendation to the Secretary regard-ing the likeness of a woman on the twenty dollar bill, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 930 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
930, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-
tend and expand the charitable deduc-tion for contributions of food inven-tory. 
S. 957 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 957, a bill to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs. 
S. 966 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Nebraska (Mrs. F ISCHER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 966, a bill to extend the low-interest refinancing provisions under the Local Develop-ment Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administration. 
S. 967 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Senator from 
Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 967, a bill to require the Small Business Administra-tion to make information relating to lenders making covered loans publicly available, and for other purposes. 
S. 997 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 997, a bill to extend the authoriza-tion for the major medical facility project to replace the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Aurora, Colorado, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement with the Army Corps of Engineers to manage the construction of such project, to transfer the author-ity to carry out future major medical facility projects of the Department from the Secretary to the Army Corps of Engineers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1000 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1000, a bill to strengthen resources for entrepreneurs by improv-ing the SCORE program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1001 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1001, a bill to establish authorization levels for general business loans for fis-cal years 2015 and 2016. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. SULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1016, a bill to preserve freedom and choice in health care. 
S. RES. 140 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from 
Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the Senator 
from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ), the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W AR-
REN) and the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. P ETERS ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. Res. 140, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. 
AMENDMENT NO . 290 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 290 proposed to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. U DALL , and 
Mr. F LAKE ): 
S. 1049. A bill to allow the financing 
by United States persons of sales of ag-ricultural commodities to Cuba; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I am 
proud to introduce today with my friend from Arkansas, Senator B
OOZ-
MAN, a bill which will increase our ag-
ricultural producer’s competitiveness and exports into Cuba, a nation just 90 miles off our southern coast. This timely bill would make relatively sim-ple changes to our country’s burden-some regulations and help make our agricultural exporters more competi-tive at a time in which expanding sales and supporting prices is incredibly im-portant. 
When people think of Cuba, they 
don’t usually think of North Dakota, but they should. When I traveled to Cuba with Senators T
ESTER and S AND-
ERSlast year, I saw first-hand just how 
compatible North Dakota’s agricul-tural production is with the diet of the Cuban people. There are incredible ex-port opportunities for North Dakota’s pulse producers, along with exports of soybean products, corn, wheat, barley, beef, and more. Unfortunately, under current regulations, our government is preventing North Dakota’s producers from competing in a market in which we should hold majority market share. 
Yesterday, the Agriculture Com-
mittee held a hearing on opportunities and challenges for agricultural trade with Cuba. Aside from lifting the Cuba embargo altogether, the number one barrier we heard about was the fact that our exporters are prohibited from offering credit for sales into Cuba. Meanwhile, our competitors from Can-ada, Brazil, Vietnam, and Europe, are offering credit and pushing our farmers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.038 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2354 April 22, 2015 
out of a market in which we should be 
dominant. 
The Agricultural Export Expansion 
Act would remove that barrier and put our producers on a more level playing field with our competitors. It modifies a provision of the Trade Sanctions Re-form and Export Enhancement Act to allow for exporters and banks to offer private credit for agricultural exports to Cuba. Let me be clear: this bill does not allow for involvement from the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s ex-port credit guarantee program or the Export-Import Bank, and no taxpayer dollars will be at risk if Cuba were to default on a deal. This bill simply al-lows the market and private industry to dictate the terms of sale, weighing all of the risks and benefits, like they do with every other country in the world. 
With the current low commodity 
prices, we should be doing everything we can to support our agricultural pro-ducers, and to me this just makes sense. Even if Cuba were to buy all of their wheat from Kansas and soybeans from Arkansas, a bushel sold is a bush-el sold, and all of our producers will benefit. 
This bill is also good for the people of 
Cuba. Making trade more efficient and affordable will allow us to provide food to Cuba’s population. Given our prox-imity and our agricultural industry’s incredible diversity, we can support both the people of Cuba and our pro-ducers by removing this one unneces-sary regulation. I hope our colleagues will join us in this important effort to help our producers be more competi-tive into this natural market. 
By Mr. DURBIN: 
S. 1051. A bill to include county and 
municipal correctional facilities among medical facilities that qualify for designation as health professional shortage areas for purposes of the Na-tional Health Service Corps; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1051 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Health Service Corps Expansion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. MEDICAL FACILITIES. 
Section 332(a)(2) of the Public Health Serv-
ice Act (42 U.S.C. 254e(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(in-
cluding care provided by a city or county health department to inmates of a county or municipal jail)’’ after ‘‘county health depart-ment’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘State 
correctional institution’’ and inserting ‘‘State, country, or municipal correctional institution’’. 
By Mr. WYDEN: S. 1057. A bill to promote geothermal 
energy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today on 
the 45th anniversary of Earth Day, I am proud to introduce a pair of bills, S. 1057 and S. 1058, to promote clean en-ergy and fight climate change. 
The first bill is the Geothermal En-
ergy Opportunities Act, or GEO Act for short. Clean, low-carbon geothermal energy can play a starring role in the fight against climate change, and this legislation encourages the development of the geothermal resource in a number of important ways. 
The GEO Act helps prospective geo-
thermal developers explore for and de-velop geothermal resources through a public-private grant program. As part of the partnership, developers report their findings, contributing to a na-tionwide map of geothermal potential that will reduce the risk and drive down the cost of geothermal energy for the future. 
In many cases, Federal lands already 
under production for oil and gas also have a geothermal resource, and the GEO Act allows for the oil and gas leaseholders to coproduce such geo-thermal energy without going through an additional competitive lease proc-ess. It also fully incorporates the bipar-tisan Geothermal Production Expan-sion Act that I introduced with a num-ber of my colleagues earlier this year. That provision would streamline the Federal geothermal leasing program to prevent speculative bidders from unproductively driving up the price of leases for developers of geothermal ‘‘hot spots’’ that extend into lands di-rectly adjacent to their existing geo-thermal lease. 
The Bureau of Land Management, 
which manages geothermal projects on Federal land under lease agreements, estimates about 250 million acres of Federal land contains geothermal power potential. Geothermal energy projects that are producing geothermal power under the BLM’s management make up about half of the total geo-thermal generating capacity in the United States. The GEO Act takes im-portant steps to speed the development of this tremendous clean energy poten-tial on public lands. 
I am also introducing the Marine and 
Hydrokinetic Renewable Energy Act of 2015, along with my colleagues Sen-ators M
ERKLEY , SCHATZ , and K ING, to 
spur development of renewable elec-tricity from the water power in oceans, rivers, and lakes. This bill reauthorizes the Department of Energy’s marine re-newable energy programs, including the national marine renewable energy research, development and demonstra-tion centers around the country, one of which is run by Oregon State Univer-sity in my home state. The Depart-ment of Energy estimates that there is enough potential energy in these non-traditional forms of hydropower to one day power millions of homes. These two pieces of legislation will 
each promote the production of clean, domestic energy resources and in doing so help the United States lead the world in the fight against climate change. I strongly urge my colleagues to support both of them. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1057 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Geothermal 
Energy Opportunities Act’’ or the ‘‘GEO Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL GOALS FOR PRODUCTION AND 
SITE IDENTIFICATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that, not later 
than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Secretary of the Interior should 
seek to have approved more than 15,000 megawatts of new geothermal energy capac-ity on public land across a geographically di-verse set of States using the full range of available technologies; and 
(2) the Director of the Geological Survey 
and the Secretary of Energy should identify sites capable of producing a total of 50,000 megawatts of geothermal power, using the full range of available technologies. 
SEC. 3. PRIORITY AREAS FOR DEVELOPMENT ON 
FEDERAL LAND. 
The Director of the Bureau of Land Man-
agement, in consultation with other appro-priate Federal officials, shall— 
(1) identify high priority areas for new geo-
thermal development; and 
(2) take any actions the Director deter-
mines necessary to facilitate that develop-ment, consistent with applicable laws. 
SEC. 4. FACILITATION OF COPRODUCTION OF 
GEOTHERMAL ENERGY ON OIL AND GAS LEASES. 
Section 4(b) of the Geothermal Steam Act 
of 1970 (30 U.S.C. 1003(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) L
AND SUBJECT TO OIL AND GAS LEASE .— 
Land under an oil and gas lease issued pursu-ant to the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands (30 U.S.C. 351 et seq.) that is subject to an approved application for per-mit to drill and from which oil and gas pro-duction is occurring may be available for noncompetitive leasing under this section to the holder of the oil and gas lease— 
‘‘(A) on a determination that— ‘‘(i) geothermal energy will be produced 
from a well producing or capable of pro-ducing oil and gas; and 
‘‘(ii) national energy security will be im-
proved by the issuance of such a lease; and 
‘‘(B) to provide for the coproduction of geo-
thermal energy with oil and gas.’’. 
SEC. 5. COST-SHARED EXPLORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To promote the goals de-
scribed in section 2, the Secretary of Energy may conduct a federally funded program of cost-shared drilling with industry partners— 
(1) to explore and document new geo-
thermal resources in the United States; and 
(2) to develop improved tools and methods 
for geothermal resource identification and extraction, with the goal of achieving mate-rial reductions in the cost of exploration with a corresponding increase in the likeli-hood of drilling success. 
(b) G
RANTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.033 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2355 April 22, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To carry out the program 
described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Energy may award cost-share grants on a competitive and merit basis to eligible appli-cants to support exploration drilling and re-lated activities. 
(2) P
ROJECT CRITERIA .—In selecting appli-
cants to receive grants under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Energy shall— 
(A) give preference to applicants proposing 
projects located in a variety of geologic and geographic settings with previously unex-plored, underexplored, or unproven geo-thermal resources; and 
(B) consider— (i) the potential that the unproven geo-
thermal resources would be explored and de-veloped under the proposed project; 
(ii) the expertise and experience of an ap-
plicant in developing geothermal resources; and 
(iii) the contribution the proposed project 
would make toward meeting the goals de-scribed in section 2. 
(c) D
ATASHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Data from all exploratory 
wells that are carried out under the program described in subsection (a) shall be provided to the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of the Interior for— 
(A) use in mapping national geothermal re-
sources; and 
(B) other purposes, including— (i) subsurface geologic data; (ii) metadata; (iii) borehole temperature data; and (iv) inclusion in the National Geothermal 
Data System of the Department of Energy. 
(2) S
HARING OF CONFIDENTIAL DATA .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, confidential data from all exploratory wells that are carried out under the program described in subsection (a) shall be provided to the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of the Interior for the purposes described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), to be available for a period of time to be determined by the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 6. USE OF GEOTHERMAL LEASE REVENUES. 
(a) A MOUNTS DEPOSITED .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, beginning in the first full fiscal year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, any amounts received by the United States as rentals, royalties, and other payments required under leases pursu-ant to the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 (30 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) (excluding funds required to be paid to State and county governments) and from new geothermal leases issued after the date of enactment of this Act shall be de-posited into a separate account in the Treas-ury. 
(b) U
SE OF DEPOSITS .—Amounts deposited 
under subsection (a) shall be available to the Secretary of Energy for expenditure, without further appropriation or fiscal year limita-tion, to carry out section 5. 
(c) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—To promote the 
goals described in section 2, the Secretary of Energy may authorize the expenditure or transfer of any funds that are necessary to other cooperating Federal agencies. 
SEC. 7. NONCOMPETITIVE LEASING OF ADJOIN-
ING AREAS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF GEOTHERMAL RESOURCES. 
Section 4(b) of the Geothermal Steam Act 
of 1970 (30 U.S.C. 1003(b)) (as amended by sec-tion 4) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) A
DJOINING LAND .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) F AIR MARKET VALUE PER ACRE .—The 
term ‘fair market value per acre’ means a dollar amount per acre that— 
‘‘(I) except as provided in this clause, shall 
be equal to the market value per acre (tak-ing into account the determination under 
subparagraph (B)(iii) regarding a valid dis-covery on the adjoining land), as determined by the Secretary under regulations issued under this paragraph; 
‘‘(II) shall be determined by the Secretary 
with respect to a lease under this paragraph, by not later than the end of the 180-day pe-riod beginning on the date the Secretary re-ceives an application for the lease; and 
‘‘(III) shall be not less than the greater of— ‘‘(aa) 4 times the median amount paid per 
acre for all land leased under this Act during the preceding year; or 
‘‘(bb) $50. ‘‘(ii) I
NDUSTRY STANDARDS .—The term ‘in-
dustry standards’ means the standards by which a qualified geothermal professional as-sesses whether downhole or flowing tempera-ture measurements with indications of per-meability are sufficient to produce energy from geothermal resources, as determined through flow or injection testing or measure-ment of lost circulation while drilling. 
‘‘(iii) Q
UALIFIED FEDERAL LAND .—The term 
‘qualified Federal land’ means land that is otherwise available for leasing under this Act. 
‘‘(iv) Q
UALIFIED GEOTHERMAL PROFES -
SIONAL .—The term ‘qualified geothermal pro-
fessional’ means an individual who is an en-gineer or geoscientist in good professional standing with at least 5 years of experience in geothermal exploration, development, or project assessment. 
‘‘(v) Q
UALIFIED LESSEE .—The term ‘quali-
fied lessee’ means a person that is eligible to hold a geothermal lease under this Act (in-cluding applicable regulations). 
‘‘(vi) V
ALID DISCOVERY .—The term ‘valid 
discovery’ means a discovery of a geo-thermal resource by a new or existing slim hole or production well, that exhibits downhole or flowing temperature measure-ments with indications of permeability that are sufficient to meet industry standards. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—An area of qualified Fed-
eral land that adjoins other land for which a qualified lessee holds a legal right to develop geothermal resources may be available for a noncompetitive lease under this section to the qualified lessee at the fair market value per acre, if— 
‘‘(i) the area of qualified Federal land— ‘‘(I) consists of not less than 1 acre and not 
more than 640 acres; and 
‘‘(II) is not already leased under this Act or 
nominated to be leased under subsection (a); 
‘‘(ii) the qualified lessee has not previously 
received a noncompetitive lease under this paragraph in connection with the valid dis-
covery for which data has been submitted under clause (iii)(I); and 
‘‘(iii) sufficient geological and other tech-
nical data prepared by a qualified geo-thermal professional has been submitted by the qualified lessee to the applicable Federal land management agency that would lead in-dividuals who are experienced in the subject matter to believe that— 
‘‘(I) there is a valid discovery of geo-
thermal resources on the land for which the qualified lessee holds the legal right to de-velop geothermal resources; and 
‘‘(II) that thermal feature extends into the 
adjoining areas. 
‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) publish a notice of any request to lease 
land under this paragraph; 
‘‘(II) determine fair market value for pur-
poses of this paragraph in accordance with procedures for making those determinations that are established by regulations issued by the Secretary; 
‘‘(III) provide to a qualified lessee and pub-
lish, with an opportunity for public comment for a period of 30 days, any proposed deter-
mination under this subparagraph of the fair market value of an area that the qualified lessee seeks to lease under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(IV) provide to the qualified lessee and 
any adversely affected party the opportunity to appeal the final determination of fair market value in an administrative pro-ceeding before the applicable Federal land management agency, in accordance with ap-plicable law (including regulations). 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION ON NOMINATION .—After 
publication of a notice of request to lease land under this paragraph, the Secretary may not accept under subsection (a) any nomination of the land for leasing unless the request has been denied or withdrawn. 
‘‘(iii) A
NNUAL RENTAL .—For purposes of 
section 5(a)(3), a lease awarded under this paragraph shall be considered a lease award-ed in a competitive lease sale. 
‘‘(D) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 270 
days after the date of enactment of the Geo-thermal Energy Opportunities Act, the Sec-retary shall issue regulations to carry out this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 8. LARGE-SCALE GEOTHERMAL ENERGY. 
Title VI of the Energy Independence and 
Security Act of 2007 is amended by inserting after section 616 (42 U.S.C. 17195) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 616A. LARGE-SCALE GEOTHERMAL ENERGY. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
‘‘(1) the Geothermal Technologies Program 
of the Office of Energy Efficiency and Re-newable Energy of the Department has in-cluded a focus on direct use of geothermal energy in the low-temperature geothermal energy subprogram (including in the devel-opment of a research and development plan for the program); 
‘‘(2) the Building Technologies Program of 
the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy of the Department— 
‘‘(A) is focused on the energy demand and 
energy efficiency of buildings; and 
‘‘(B) includes geothermal heat pumps as a 
component technology in the residential and commercial deployment activities of the pro-gram; and 
‘‘(3) geothermal heat pumps and direct use 
of geothermal energy, especially in large- scale applications, can make a significant contribution to the use of renewable energy but are underrepresented in research, devel-opment, demonstration, and commercializa-tion. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-
tion are— 
‘‘(1) to improve the components, processes, 
and systems used for geothermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal energy; and 
‘‘(2) to increase the energy efficiency, 
lower the cost, increase the use, and improve and demonstrate the applicability of geo-thermal heat pumps to, and the direct use of geothermal energy in, large buildings, com-mercial districts, residential communities, and large municipal, agricultural, or indus-trial projects. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D IRECT USE OF GEOTHERMAL ENERGY .— 
The term ‘direct use of geothermal energy’ means systems that use water that is at a temperature between approximately 38 de-grees Celsius and 149 degrees Celsius directly or through a heat exchanger to provide— 
‘‘(A) heating to buildings; or ‘‘(B) heat required for industrial processes, 
agriculture, aquaculture, and other facili-ties. 
‘‘(2) G
EOTHERMAL HEAT PUMP .—The term 
‘geothermal heat pump’ means a system that provides heating and cooling by exchanging heat from shallow ground or surface water using— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.043 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2356 April 22, 2015 
‘‘(A) a closed loop system, which transfers 
heat by way of buried or immersed pipes that contain a mix of water and working fluid; or 
‘‘(B) an open loop system, which circulates 
ground or surface water directly into the building and returns the water to the same aquifer or surface water source. 
‘‘(3) L
ARGE -SCALE APPLICATION .—The term 
‘large-scale application’ means an applica-tion for space or process heating or cooling for large entities with a name-plate capac-ity, expected resource, or rating of 10 or more megawatts, such as a large building, commercial district, residential community, or a large municipal, agricultural, or indus-trial project. 
‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. 
‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a program of research, development, and demonstration for geothermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal en-ergy. 
‘‘(2) A
REAS .—The program may include re-
search, development, demonstration, and commercial application of— 
‘‘(A) geothermal ground loop efficiency im-
provements through more efficient heat transfer fluids; 
‘‘(B) geothermal ground loop efficiency im-
provements through more efficient thermal grouts for wells and trenches; 
‘‘(C) geothermal ground loop installation 
cost reduction through— 
‘‘(i) improved drilling methods; ‘‘(ii) improvements in drilling equipment; ‘‘(iii) improvements in design methodology 
and energy analysis procedures; and 
‘‘(iv) improved methods for determination 
of ground thermal properties and ground temperatures; 
‘‘(D) installing geothermal ground loops 
near the foundation walls of new construc-tion to take advantage of existing struc-tures; 
‘‘(E) using gray or black wastewater as a 
method of heat exchange; 
‘‘(F) improving geothermal heat pump sys-
tem economics through integration of geo-thermal systems with other building sys-tems, including providing hot and cold water and rejecting or circulating industrial proc-ess heat through refrigeration heat rejection and waste heat recovery; 
‘‘(G) advanced geothermal systems using 
variable pumping rates to increase effi-ciency; 
‘‘(H) geothermal heat pump efficiency im-
provements; 
‘‘(I) use of hot water found in mines and 
mine shafts and other surface waters as the heat exchange medium; 
‘‘(J) heating of districts, neighborhoods, 
communities, large commercial or public buildings (including office, retail, edu-cational, government, and institutional buildings and multifamily residential build-ings and campuses), and industrial and man-ufacturing facilities; 
‘‘(K) geothermal system integration with 
solar thermal water heating or cool roofs and solar-regenerated desiccants to balance loads and use building hot water to store geothermal energy; 
‘‘(L) use of hot water coproduced from oil 
and gas recovery; 
‘‘(M) use of water sources at a temperature 
of less than 150 degrees Celsius for direct use; 
‘‘(N) system integration of direct use with 
geothermal electricity production; and 
‘‘(O) coproduction of heat and power, in-
cluding on-site use. 
‘‘(3) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS .—In carrying 
out the program, the Secretary shall identify and mitigate potential environmental im-
pacts in accordance with section 614(c). 
‘‘(e) G RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
make grants available to State and local governments, institutions of higher edu-cation, nonprofit entities, utilities, and for- profit companies (including manufacturers of heat-pump and direct-use components and systems) to promote the development of geo-thermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal energy. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In making grants under 
this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to proposals that apply to large build-ings (including office, retail, educational, government, institutional, and multifamily residential buildings and campuses and in-dustrial and manufacturing facilities), com-mercial districts, and residential commu-nities. 
‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL SOLICITATION .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall conduct a national solicitation for applications for grants under this section. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this section and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on progress made and results obtained under this section to develop geothermal heat pumps and direct use of geothermal energy. 
‘‘(2) A
REAS .—Each of the reports required 
under this subsection shall include— 
‘‘(A) an analysis of progress made in each 
of the areas described in subsection (d)(2); and 
‘‘(B)(i) a description of any relevant rec-
ommendations made during a review of the program; and 
‘‘(ii) any plans to address the recommenda-
tions under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 9. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 5 years thereafter, the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report describing the progress made towards achieving the goals described in section 2. 
SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this Act such sums as are nec-essary. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. 
KING): 
S. 1058. A bill to promote research, 
development, and demonstration of marine and hydrokinetic renewable en-ergy technologies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1058 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Marine and 
Hydrokinetic Renewable Energy Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF MARINE AND 
HYDROKINETIC RENEWABLE EN-ERGY. 
Section 632 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17211) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘electrical’’. 
SEC. 3. MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEW-
ABLE ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
Section 633 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17212) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 633. MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEW-
ABLE ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the 
Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, shall carry out a pro-gram of research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application to accel-erate the introduction of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy production into the United States energy supply, giving priority to fostering accelerated research, development, and commercialization of tech-nology, including programs— 
‘‘(1) to assist technology development to 
improve the components, processes, and sys-tems used for power generation from marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy re-sources; 
‘‘(2) to establish critical testing infrastruc-
ture necessary— 
‘‘(A) to cost effectively and efficiently test 
and prove marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy devices; and 
‘‘(B) to accelerate the technological readi-
ness and commercialization of those devices; 
‘‘(3) to support efforts to increase the effi-
ciency of energy conversion, lower the cost, increase the use, improve the reliability, and demonstrate the applicability of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies by participating in demonstration projects; 
‘‘(4) to investigate variability issues and 
the efficient and reliable integration of ma-rine and hydrokinetic renewable energy with the utility grid; 
‘‘(5) to identify and study critical short- 
and long-term needs to create a sustainable marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy supply chain based in the United States; 
‘‘(6) to increase the reliability and surviv-
ability of marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy technologies; 
‘‘(7) to verify the performance, reliability, 
maintainability, and cost of new marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy device de-signs and system components in an oper-ating environment; 
‘‘(8) to coordinate and avoid duplication of 
activities across programs of the Depart-ment and other applicable Federal agencies, including National Laboratories and to co-ordinate public-private collaboration in all programs under this section; 
‘‘(9) to identify opportunities for joint re-
search and development programs and devel-
opment of economies of scale between— 
‘‘(A) marine and hydrokinetic renewable 
energy technologies; and 
‘‘(B) other renewable energy and fossil en-
ergy programs, offshore oil and gas produc-tion activities, and activities of the Depart-ment of Defense; and 
‘‘(10) to support in-water technology devel-
opment with international partners using ex-isting cooperative procedures (including memoranda of understanding)— 
‘‘(A) to allow cooperative funding and 
other support of value to be exchanged and leveraged; and 
‘‘(B) to encourage the participation of 
international research centers and compa-nies within the United States and the par-ticipation of United States research centers and companies in international projects.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.043 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2357 April 22, 2015 
SEC. 4. NATIONAL MARINE RENEWABLE ENERGY 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND DEMONSTRATION CENTERS. 
Section 634 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17213) is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—A Center (in coordination 
with the Department and National Labora-tories) shall— 
‘‘(1) advance research, development, dem-
onstration, and commercial application of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies; 
‘‘(2) support in-water testing and dem-
onstration of marine and hydrokinetic re-newable energy technologies, including fa-cilities capable of testing— 
‘‘(A) marine and hydrokinetic renewable 
energy systems of various technology readi-ness levels and scales; 
‘‘(B) a variety of technologies in multiple 
test berths at a single location; and 
‘‘(C) arrays of technology devices; and ‘‘(3) serve as information clearinghouses 
for the marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy industry by collecting and dissemi-nating information on best practices in all areas relating to developing and managing marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy resources and energy systems.’’. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 636 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17215) is amended by striking ‘‘2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 144—SUP-
PORTING THE MISSION AND GOALS OF 2015 NATIONAL CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS WEEK, WHICH INCLUDE INCREASING PUBLIC AWARENESS OF THE RIGHTS, NEEDS, AND CONCERNS OF, AND SERVICES AVAILABLE TO AS-SIST, VICTIMS AND SURVIVORS OF CRIME IN THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
WICKER , and Mr. V ITTER ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 144 
Whereas in 2013, there were more than 
6,000,000 victims and survivors of violent crime and nearly 17,000,000 victims and sur-vivors of property crime in the United States; 
Whereas a just society acknowledges the 
impact of crime on individuals, families, schools, and communities by protecting the rights of crime victims and survivors and en-suring that resources and services are avail-able to help rebuild the lives of the victims and survivors; 
Whereas despite impressive accomplish-
ments between 1974 and 2015 in increasing the rights of, and services available to, crime victims and survivors, and the families of the victims and survivors, many challenges remain to ensure that all crime victims and survivors, and the families of the victims and survivors, are— 
(1) treated with dignity, fairness, and re-
spect; 
(2) offered support and services regardless 
of whether the victims and survivors report crimes committed against them; and 
(3) recognized as key participants within 
the criminal, juvenile, Federal, tribal, and civil justice systems in the United States 
when the victims and survivors report crimes; 
Whereas crime victims and survivors in the 
United States, and the families of the vic-tims and survivors, need and deserve support and assistance to help cope with the often devastating consequences of crime; 
Whereas during each year between 1984 and 
2014, communities across the United States have joined Congress and the Department of Justice in commemorating National Crime Victims’ Rights Week to celebrate a shared vision of a comprehensive and collaborative response that identifies and addresses the many needs of crime victims and survivors, and the families of the victims and sur-vivors; 
Whereas Congress and the President agree 
on the need for a renewed commitment to serving all victims and survivors of crime in the 21st century; 
Whereas the theme of 2015 National Crime 
Victims’ Rights Week, celebrated during the week of April 19 through April 25, 2015, is ‘‘Engaging Communities. Empowering Vic-tims.’’ and highlights the many challenges that confront crime victim assistance, jus-tice, and public safety; 
Whereas engaging communities in victim 
assistance is essential to promoting indi-vidual and public safety; 
Whereas the United States must empower 
crime victims and survivors by protecting their legal rights and by providing them with quality, comprehensive services to help them in the aftermath of crime; and 
Whereas the people of the United States 
recognize and appreciate the continued im-portance of— 
(1) promoting the rights of, and services 
for, crime victims and survivors; and 
(2) honoring crime victims and survivors 
and individuals who provide services for the victims and survivors: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the mission and goals of 2015 
National Crime Victims’ Rights Week, which include increasing individual and public awareness of— 
(A) the impact of crime on victims and sur-
vivors, and the families of the victims and survivors; 
(B) the challenges to achieving justice for 
victims and survivors of crime, and the fami-lies of the victims and survivors; and 
(C) the many solutions to meet such chal-
lenges; and 
(2) recognizes that crime victims and sur-
vivors, and the families of the victims and survivors, should be treated with dignity, fairness, and respect. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 145—SUP-
PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF APRIL 2015, AS ‘‘PARKINSON’S AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. 
I
SAKSON ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 145 
Whereas Parkinson’s disease is a chronic, 
progressive neurological disease and is the second most common neurodegenerative dis-ease in the United States; 
Whereas there is inadequate data on the 
incidence and prevalence of Parkinson’s dis-ease, but the disease affects an estimated 500,000 to 1,500,000 individuals in the United States; 
Whereas according to the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, Parkinson’s disease is the 14th leading cause of death in the United States; Whereas every day Parkinson’s disease 
greatly impacts millions of individuals in the United States who are caregivers, family members, and friends of individuals with Parkinson’s disease; 
Whereas the economic burden of Parkin-
son’s disease is an estimated $14,400,000,000 each year, including indirect costs to pa-tients and family members of $6,300,000,000 each year; 
Whereas although research suggests that 
the cause of Parkinson’s disease is a com-bination of genetic and environmental fac-tors, the exact cause and exact progression of the disease remain unknown; 
Whereas an objective test or biomarker for 
diagnosing Parkinson’s disease does not exist; 
Whereas a cure or drug to slow or halt the 
progression of Parkinson’s disease does not exist; 
Whereas the symptoms of Parkinson’s dis-
ease vary from person to person and include tremors, slowness of movement, rigidity, dif-ficulty with balance, swallowing, chewing, and speaking, cognitive impairment, demen-tia, mood disorders, and a variety of other non-motor symptoms; 
Whereas volunteers, researchers, care-
givers, and medical professionals are work-ing to improve the quality of life for individ-uals with Parkinson’s disease and the fami-lies of those individuals; and 
Whereas developing more effective treat-
ments for Parkinson’s disease and providing access to quality care to individuals with Parkinson’s disease requires increased re-search, education, and community support services: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates April 2015, as ‘‘Parkinson’s 
Awareness Month’’; 
(2) supports the goals and ideals of ‘‘Par-
kinson’s Awareness Month’’; 
(3) continues to support research to de-
velop more effective treatments for Parkin-son’s disease and to ultimately find a cure for the disease; 
(4) recognizes the individuals with Parkin-
son’s disease who participate in vital clinical trials to advance the knowledge of the dis-ease; and 
(5) commends the dedication of organiza-
tions, volunteers, researchers, and millions of individuals in the United States working to improve the quality of life for individuals with Parkinson’s disease and the families of those individuals. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 146—EX-
PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK OF APRIL 13 THROUGH APRIL 17, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL ASSISTANT PRINCIPALS WEEK’’ 
Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mr. P ERDUE , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 146 
Whereas the National Association of Sec-
ondary School Principals (NASSP), the Na-tional Association of Elementary School Principals (NAESP), and the American Fed-eration of School Administrators (AFSA) have designated the week of April 13 through April 17, 2015, as ‘‘National Assistant Prin-cipals Week’’; 
Whereas an assistant principal, as a mem-
ber of the school administration, interacts with many sectors of the school community, including support staff, instructional staff, students, and parents; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.044 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2358 April 22, 2015 
Whereas assistant principals are respon-
sible for establishing a positive learning en-vironment and building strong relationships between school and community; 
Whereas assistant principals play a pivotal 
role in the instructional leadership of their schools by supervising student instruction, mentoring teachers, recognizing the achieve-ments of staff, encouraging collaboration among staff, ensuring the implementation of best practices, monitoring student achieve-ment and progress, facilitating and modeling data-driven decision-making to inform in-struction, and guiding the direction of tar-geted intervention and school improvement; 
Whereas the day-to-day logistical oper-
ations of schools require assistant principals to monitor and address facility needs, at-tendance, transportation issues, and sched-uling challenges, as well as supervise extra- and co-curricular events; 
Whereas assistant principals are entrusted 
with maintaining an inviting, safe, and or-derly school environment that supports the growth and achievement of each and every student by nurturing positive peer relation-ships, recognizing student achievement, me-diating conflicts, analyzing behavior pat-terns, providing interventions, and, when necessary, taking disciplinary actions; 
Whereas since its establishment in 2004, 
the NASSP National Assistant Principal of the Year Program recognizes outstanding middle and high school assistant principals who demonstrate success in leadership, cur-riculum, and personalization; and 
Whereas the week of April 13 through April 
17, 2015, is an appropriate week to designate as National Assistant Principals Week: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the designation of April 13 
through April 17, 2015, as ‘‘National Assist-ant Principals Week’’; 
(2) honors the contributions of assistant 
principals to the success of students in the United States; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe National Assistant Prin-cipals Week with appropriate ceremonies and activities that promote awareness of the role played by assistant principals in school lead-ership and ensuring that every child has ac-cess to a high-quality education. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 147—DESIG-
NATING DONALD A. RITCHIE AS HISTORIAN EMERITUS OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. R EID) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 147 
Whereas Donald A. Ritchie will retire from 
the United States Senate after serving with distinction, first as Associate Historian from 1976 to 2009, and then as Senate Historian from 2009 to 2015; 
Whereas Donald A. Ritchie has dedicated 
his Senate service to preserving, protecting, and promoting the history of the Senate and its members; 
Whereas Donald A. Ritchie has produced or 
guided production of numerous publications detailing the rich institutional history of the Senate; 
Whereas Donald A. Ritchie has been in-
strumental in preserving, organizing, and making available to scholars the vast archi-val holdings of the Senate and its members; 
Whereas Donald A. Ritchie has assisted in 
the Senate’s commemoration of events of historical significance and in the develop-ment of exhibitions and educational pro-grams on the history of the Senate and the 
Capitol; 
Whereas Donald A. Ritchie has guided the 
Senate’s comprehensive Oral History Project to capture and preserve the institutional memory of Senators, Senate officers, and Senate staff; 
Whereas Donald A. Ritchie has upheld the 
high standards and traditions of the Senate, and has performed his duties in a profes-sional and nonpartisan manner; and 
Whereas Donald A. Ritchie has earned the 
respect and esteem of the United States Sen-ate; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That, effective June 1, 2015, as a 
token of the appreciation of the Senate for his long and faithful service, Donald A. Ritchie is hereby designated as Historian Emeritus of the United States Senate. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1129. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. W YDEN ) pro-
posed an amendment to the bill S. 971, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare independence at home medical practice dem-onstration program. 
SA 1130. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency serv-ices volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1131. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1129. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. 
WYDEN ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill S. 971, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare inde-pendence at home medical practice demonstration program; as follows: 
On page 2, line 5, insert ‘‘of the Social Se-
curity Act’’ after ‘‘1866E(e)(1)’’. 
SA 1130. Mr. RISCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 32, between lines 7 and 8, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(7) L IMITATION ON ACTIONS BASED ON DE -
TENTION OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with re-spect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a) until the Government of Iran re-leases to the United States the following United States citizens: 
‘‘(A) Saeed Abedini of Idaho, who has been 
detained in Iran on charges related to his re-ligious beliefs since September 2012. ‘‘(B) Amir Hekmati of Michigan, who has 
been imprisoned in Iran on false espionage charges since August 2011. 
‘‘(C) Jason Rezaian of California, who, as 
an Iranian government credentialed reporter for the Washington Post, has been unjustly held in Iran on vague charges since July 2014. 
‘‘(D) Robert Levinson of Florida, who was 
abducted on Kish Island in March 2007. 
SA 1131. Mr. RISCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 32, between lines 7 and 8, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(7) L IMITATION ON ACTIONS BASED ON DE -
TENTION OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with re-spect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a) until the Government of Iran re-leases to the United States the following United States citizens: 
‘‘(A) Saeed Abedini of Idaho, who has been 
detained in Iran on charges related to his re-ligious beliefs since September 2012. 
‘‘(B) Amir Hekmati of Michigan, who has 
been imprisoned in Iran on false espionage charges since August 2011. 
‘‘(C) Jason Rezaian of California, who, as 
an Iranian government credentialed reporter for the Washington Post, has been unjustly held in Iran on vague charges since July 2014. 
‘‘(D) Robert Levinson of Florida, who was 
abducted on Kish Island in March 2007. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 22, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Weathering the Storm: How Can We Better Com-municate Weather to Enhance Com-merce and Safety?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 22, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.050 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2359 April 22, 2015 
Environment and Public Works be au-
thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 22, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomination hearing for Vanessa Sutherland to be a Member and Chairperson of the Chemical Safe-ty Board.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 22, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘State Depart-ment Reauthorization: Ensuring Effec-tive U.S. Diplomacy within a Respon-sible Budget.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 22, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Securing the Border: Under-standing Threats and Strategies for the Northern Border.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Committee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 22, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON READINESS AND  
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on April 22, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 22, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR NO. 21 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, when the Senate resumes consideration of the Lynch nomination on Thursday, April 23, there be 2 hours of debate equally di-vided in the usual form prior to the vote on the motion to invoke cloture; that if cloture is invoked, there be up to 2 hours of postcloture debate equally divided between the two leaders; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the nomination. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 
23, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate convenes on Thursday, April 23, following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Lynch nomination under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SANDERS. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. SANDERS. Reserving the right 
to object. Sorry. 
I withdraw the objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to adjourn until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, April 23. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is nondebatable. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The motion was agreed to. Thereupon, the Senate, at 4:34 p.m., 
adjourned until Thursday, April 23, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP6.052 S22APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E549 April 22, 2015 
HONORING LOUISIANA HIGH 
SCHOOL BASKETBALL CHAM-PIONS FROM THE SECOND DIS-TRICT 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, with March 
Madness behind us, I rise today to congratu-late five high school basketball teams from my District that won Louisiana State Champion-ships. 
The first team I would like to recognize is 
the Madison Preparatory Academy Chargers from Baton Rouge, winners of the Class 1A Final this year. I would especially like to ac-knowledge Mr. Brandon Sampson, a senior guard who was named Most Outstanding Player and capped his high school career with an efficient 19-point game in which he shot 7- for-9 from the field. Mr. Joshua Anderson, a sophomore player added 18 points, four re-bounds and three steals. 
Next, I would like to congratulate Riverside 
Academy Rebels from Reserve, LA, who cap-tured their third straight state championship with an 85–60 win in the Class 2A Champion-ship. Mr. Jordan Andrews, named Most Out-standing Player, led Riverside (30–6) with a game-high 19 points. Mr. Herb McGee and Mr. Charvon Julien each added 17 points. Riv-erside is the first Louisiana boys squad to cap-ture at least three consecutive titles since 2009. 
Third are the L.B. Landry-O.P.Walker 
(Landry-Walker) College and Career Pre-paratory Charging Buccaneers from New Orle-ans. They have captured the boys’ 4A cham-pionship title for the second consecutive sea-son. The Charging Buccaneers also had a pair of players selected for the All-State team, in-cluding Mr. Lamar Peters, who was voted the Most Outstanding Player on the 4A boys squad. Mr. Peters averaged 19.7 points per game with 5.0 assists and was joined on the All-State list by teammate Mr. Keytaon Thompson, who scored the game-winning shot as time expired in the state title game. 
The Scotlandville Hornets from Baton 
Rouge have reclaimed the Class 5A Cham-pionship title. Mr. Ja’Vonte Smart, a Hornet freshman earned the MVP honors after ending the night with a game-high 18 points and nine rebounds. Mr. Jordan Adebutu scored 11 points in the win, including a pair of free throws which ultimately put the game away. With this victory, the Hornets wrapped up their third state title in the past four years. 
Lastly, I would like to recognize the Warren 
Easton Eagles from New Orleans, who cap-tured the Class 4A state championship with a 46–42 victory. In addition to this being the first girls basketball state championship in the school’s history, Easton also became the first public school from Orleans Parish to win a title in girls basketball. Warren Easton was one win away from an undefeated regular season, earning their No. 1 slot in The New Orleans 
Advocate’s season-ending Super 10 rankings. I also would like to acknowledge Miss Kechell Figueroa and Miss Sabrina Banks for their se-lection onto the Girls All-State team. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR WILLIAM 
‘‘BILL’’ BOGAARD ON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize an outstanding com-munity leader, William ‘‘Bill’’ Bogaard, on his retirement as the Mayor of the City of Pasa-dena. After nearly four decades in public serv-ice including his 16 years as Mayor, Bill Bogaard leaves behind a legacy of respected leadership and dedicated public service. 
Bill graduated from Loyola Marymount Uni-
versity and then heeded his first call to public service when he bravely served to protect our country as a U.S. Air Force Captain. He went on to Michigan Law School, and in 1971, Bill and his wife Claire moved to Pasadena, where they began a lovely family with their four chil-dren. 
From 1978 to 1986, Bill served on the Pasa-
dena City Council, including a rotation into the mayoral position for a two-year term from 1984 to 1986. The City Council changed its charter and in 1999, Bill became the City’s first directly-elected Mayor. He served as Mayor for the opening of the Los Angeles to Pasadena Gold Line Light rail system and ad-vocated for its expansion east as a Board member of the Gold Line Foothill Construction Authority. Bill also had a vision to revitalize neighborhoods surrounding the Gold Line sta-tions, and through the City’s Inclusionary Housing Ordinance, he encouraged transit-ori-ented and affordable housing developments. These initiatives opened access to public transportation for thousands of residents in Pasadena and modernized several neighbor-hoods throughout the City. 
In addition, Bill’s efforts successfully kept 
Pasadena on the nation’s map. He helped fa-cilitate a new convention center that has at-tracted a wide variety of conferences to the City, exposing different industries to Pasadena and the resources of our local communities. He brought improvements such as an updated electrical system and additional aisles and ac-commodations to the nationally recognized Rose Bowl, which is home to the University of California-Los Angeles football team and the Rose Bowl Game. His work kept this stadium as a viable venue for so many historic games and events that have brought nationwide at-tention to the City each year. 
In 2012, Bill’s exceptional leadership abili-
ties were recognized throughout the state, and he was elected by his fellow local elected offi-cials as President of the League of California Cities. The City of Pasadena and the State of 
California are grateful to have had such a pas-sionate and engaged public servant. We will continue to honor his legacy of community in-vestment and revitalization, and we are thank-ful for his many years of strong leadership and unwavering commitment to our community. 
f 
ISAAC HULL CHAPTER OF THE NA-
TIONAL SOCIETY DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge the centennial anniversary of the Isaac Hull Chapter of National Society Daugh-ters of the American Revolution. 
The Isaac Hull Chapter was organized on 
July 17, 1915, and will celebrate its centennial anniversary on July 17, 2015. Locally, the Chapter sponsors Good Citizenship Awards, the American History Essay contests, as well as many school, community, and veteran pro-grams. 
At this anniversary date, the Isaac Hull 
Chapter Officers are: Carolyn Baker Stubblefield, Regent; Julie Wood Barnes, Vice-Regent; Sarah Jane McClellan Gaston, Chaplain; Lael Nesmith Snyder, Secretary; Susan Hayes Burgess, Treasurer; Sharen Lawson Harvey, Assistant Treasurer; Carol Simcox Wood, Registrar; and Ada Joyce Quick White, Historian. 
I look forward to the continued success of 
the Isaac Hull Chapter and I extend my best wishes on the occasion of its centennial cele-bration. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LEXMARK AS AN IN-
DUSTRY LEADER IN THE FIELD OF SUSTAINABILITY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on 
Earth Day, to recognize the great accomplish-ments of the largest company headquartered in my District, Lexmark International, in the field of sustainability. Lexmark, one of the world’s leaders in creating innovative docu-ment management solutions for the public and private sectors, has committed itself from its inception over 20 years ago to being an un-surpassed steward of the environment. 
Conserving scarce resources has been the 
hallmark of Lexmark’s approach to business. They have been leaders in driving more cor-porations toward better sustainability practices. They help organizations find solutions to con-serve more and increase efficiency. These ef-forts include developing document manage-ment solutions that create less demand for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22AP8.001 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E550 April 22, 2015 
paper and award-winning programs for the re-
manufacturing and recycling of used toner car-tridges. 
For these bold business plans, Lexmark has 
received a wide range of environmental awards. These honors are an excellent reflec-tion of the deep-seated commitment to envi-ronmental stewardship that permeates Lexmark, from the CEO to the salesman on the front lines. Corporate Responsibility Maga-zine, for example, has ranked Lexmark 35th in its listing of top U.S. corporate performers on a range of indicators including environmental protection and corporate governance. 
Kentucky is rightly proud of its environ-
mental heritage. We come by the nickname the ‘‘Bluegrass State’’ quite honestly. It is a land of diverse environments and lush, abun-dant natural resources. To partner with com-panies like Lexmark, which do so much to conserve our environment while being a source of employment to thousands of Ken-tuckians, is a source of great pride. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a special privilege for me 
to be able to recognize the outstanding civic and environmental record compiled by my friends at Lexmark. I offer my congratulations for your tremendous successes and offer my encouragement to continue to lead in this area. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FALLEN AND 
WOUNDED SOLDIERS FUND 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and praise The Fallen and Wounded Soldiers Fund and its dedicated service to Michigan veterans and their fami-lies. 
Founded in 2006, The Fallen and Wounded 
Soldiers Fund was created to support Michi-gan-based servicemen and women who have served and continue to serve in defense of their nation. The Fallen and Wounded Soldiers Fund, an all-volunteer effort, has served the immediate needs of the men and women of the armed forces, by helping injured American vets pay their living expenses, granting assist-ance to the families of the fallen, and pro-viding other necessities these courageous in-dividuals, and their families, may need. 
This organization has been a vital resource 
for the veteran community throughout the state of Michigan. Since its inception nearly a decade ago, The Fallen and Wounded Sol-diers Fund has raised over $4M through an-nual events and corporate and personal dona-tions. An astounding 95 percent of all pro-ceeds end up going directly to Michigan vet-erans. For these reasons and many others, I am proud to have been a supporter of the Fallen and Wounded Soldiers Fund since its founding. 
The Fallen and Wounded Soldiers Fund is 
just one of many wonderful organizations that assist American veterans across our nation. We will continue to count on the tireless and selfless organizations, such as The Fallen and Wounded Soldiers Fund, for years to come, to ensure that when our service members return home they are properly and respectfully cared for. RECOGNIZING ROYAL STUDIOS AS 
THE RECORDING HOME OF THE BILLBOARD HOT 100 #1 HIT, UP-TOWN FUNK 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Royal Studios in Memphis, Ten-nessee for recording Uptown Funk, which has topped the Billboard Hot 100 for fourteen weeks and counting, marking the single as the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s. Additionally, Uptown Funk’s fourteenth week makes it only the Billboard’s eighth sin-gle since the chart began in 1958 to hold the top spot for at least as long and places it in a seven-way tie for the second longest #1 hit in the history of the Chart. The only single among this elite group of eight to surpass Up-town Funk has held the #1 spot for sixteen weeks. The single also leads the Hot 100’s 
Digital Songs, Radio Songs and Streaming Songs charts. In a raving endorsement of Up-town Funk’s popularity, First Lady Michelle Obama with cast from the show ‘‘So You Think You Can Dance’’ performed a choreographed dance to the song as part of her ‘‘Let’s Move!’’ initiative on the Ellen DeGeneres Show and at this year’s White House Easter Egg Roll. The collaboration be-tween Uptown Funk writer Mark Ronson, sing-er Bruno Mars and Royal Studios has swept the music scene in America and abroad, and has given listeners around the world a taste of the soulful sound that is unique to Memphis. 
Uptown Funk is an example of born-and- 
bred Memphis musical talent. Ronson, a Grammy-winning artist and a noted producer for talents such as Adele and the late Amy Winehouse, traveled to Memphis in February 2014 looking to recruit singers for his music project. It was then that he visited Royal Stu-dios and met owner Lawrence ‘‘Boo’’ Mitchell, the son of Memphis music legend and pro-ducer, Willie Mitchell, and decided to record at the iconic studio. Ronson enlisted Philip Law-rence and notable Royal Studios familiars Steve Jordan, Willie Weeks, Kevin Parker, Trombone Shorty, Mystikal and Michael Chabon to work on the single. Uptown Funk also features Bruno Mars’s band member and Memphian, Kameron Whalum, who is the son of Pastor Kenneth Whalum of Olivet Baptist Church in Memphis and the nephew of Grammy-winning saxophonist Kirk Whalum. 
The success of Uptown Funk is the latest 
chapter in the long and storied history of Royal Studios, one of the oldest music record-ing studios in the world. Housed originally in a movie theater built in 1915, Royal Studios was founded in 1957 and became the home of Hi Records and the Hi Rhythm Section. Since that time, numerous acclaimed artists have re-corded there, including Willie Mitchell, Al Green, Ann Peebles, Bobby Blue Bland, Elton John, Robert Plant, Snoop Dogg and many others. The studio has also recorded for Holly-wood films including Opportunity Knocks, Pulp Fiction, Good Will Hunting, The Book of Eli, Love Jones, Six Feet Under and other films and television shows. Uptown Funk marks Royal Studios’ first #1 hit since Al Green’s 1972 Let’s Stay Together and the first Bill-board 100 Hit out of Memphis since the 1976 hit Disco Duck by Rick Dees. Uptown Funk continues Royal Studios’ long 
tradition of musical excellence and showing the world what Memphis has to offer. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing Memphis’ Royal Studios as the recording home for the Billboard-chart topping single, Uptown Funk, and the dedicated work of Mark Ronson, Bruno Mars, Kameron Whalum, Law-rence ‘‘Boo’’ Mitchell and the entire Royal Stu-dios family in producing a single with such a soulful Memphis sound that has reached lis-teners worldwide. Many people have noted that Uptown Funk will be one of the hottest hits this summer. If you don’t believe them, just watch. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF JOB CORPS 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, this year marks 
the 50th anniversary of Job Corps. For five decades, Job Corps has helped millions of disadvantaged youths complete their high school education and transition into successful careers or higher education. 
Since the 1960s, Job Corps has brought 
public agencies and private sector businesses together to help nearly 60,000 of our nation’s poor and unemployed young people gain the skills necessary to build successful careers. More than 80 percent of Job Corps graduates obtain jobs, enroll in higher education or enter the military. 
In the 11th District, the Cleveland Job Corps 
Center has been an integral part of the com-munity for over 40 years. The first Job Corps women’s center opened in Cleveland on April 9, 1965. The center’s new campus opened in 2007 and now serves nearly 400 students each year, providing them with a safe and se-cure environment in which to further their edu-cation and gain valuable technical career skills. 
Congratulations to Job Corps on 50 years of 
success. Its dedicated employees provide the continuity and quality training our students need to achieve their goals. The value of Job Corps is clear. Graduates are providing critical services for our economy and communities, and it is important to maintain our commitment to this exceptional program. I am excited to see the impact Job Corps will make in my dis-trict and our country in the years to come. 
f 
REMEMBERING PAUL TIPPS, OHIO 
LEADER 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise to re-
member Paul Tipps of Ohio who passed away yesterday afternoon. 
Paul Tipps was a great leader when political 
giants dominated Ohio. Paul stepped down as Chairman of the Ohio Democratic Party in 1983, and Democrats with his help held the top five statewide offices, both houses of the state legislature, a majority of the state Su-preme Court, and both U.S. Senate seats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22AP8.004 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E551 April 22, 2015 
Originally from Cincinnati, Paul graduated 
from the University of Dayton and served as an officer in the U.S. Army. He helped C.J. McLin of Dayton begin his long time career in the state legislature, ran for Congress himself in 1968, and served six years as Chairman of the Montgomery County Democratic Party. C.J.’s daughter Rhine McLin remembers that ‘‘Paul understood people and he understood politics.’’ 
Paul considered C.J. one of his political 
mentors along with legendary state House Speaker Vern Riffe and U.S. Senator John Glenn. John Glenn remarked that Paul ‘‘did great work as a civic activist through so many years’’ and that he and Annie Glenn had no better friend. 
Paul served as Trustee of Wright State Uni-
versity and on the Board of Advisors at Ohio State’s John Glenn College of Public Affairs. 
Few have had as many successes as Paul 
and the secret to Paul’s success was his abil-ity to bring people together. I ask my col-leagues to share in the memories of the ex-traordinary service of Paul Tipps and extend our most sincere condolences to all of Paul’s family and friends. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CLIFFORD 
BELL 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Mr. Clifford Bell, my friend and former colleague and a beloved member of the Buffalo community. A public servant, Mr. Bell served for twelve years as a member of the Buffalo Common Council and chaired the Economic Development Committee. 
A model citizen, Mr. Bell worked for 50 
years in the dry cleaning business and then joined the Small business Development Cen-ter for the Buffalo State College. His commit-ment to local business does not end there, however, as he also personally led a delega-tion to France for the Mayor of Buffalo where he discussed international trade while rep-resenting five local businesses. 
Mr. Bell’s dedication to the community ex-
tends far beyond his political and economic endeavors as he also was an active member of various community groups. Mr. Bell has been a member of The Luther Church of Our Savior for over sixty years where he has held a number of various positions. 
Mr. Bell has also chaired the Martin Luther 
King Celebration for 30 years, delivering in-credible performances at Shea’s Performing Arts Center in Buffalo, and has been the re-cipient of over one hundred awards including the New York State Governor’s Martin Luther King Senior’s Award for his advocacy of civil rights and community work. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor the life of Clifford Bell. I ask that my colleagues join me in applauding Mr. Bell’s outstanding history of service to the City of Buffalo and the people of the Western New York community. HONORING RAY HACKETT ON HIS 
RETIREMENT FROM THE NOR-WICH BULLETIN 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a legendary journalist in eastern Con-necticut, Ray Hackett. After 40 years in jour-nalism, the past 27 years at the Norwich Bul-letin in Connecticut, Ray is retiring this month from the profession he has loved. 
Ray’s life journey included completing two 
tours for the United States Army in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War and being awarded the Bronze Star when he was 19. Ray does not talk about his military service often, but his experiences have helped shape his reporting and influenced our region’s con-science on the treatment of veterans returning home from war. Ray’s account of the first time he visited the Vietnam Memorial Wall in Washington, accompanied by his daughter, to see the names of his fallen comrades is mov-ing and unforgettable. 
Ray’s first experience in journalism was 
spending ten years on radio, including time with Armed Forces Radio and Television. He joined the Norwich Bulletin in 1988, covering the city hall beat. Ray was promoted to serve as City Editor from 1994 to 2000 and moved to the opinion page in 2000, serving as Edi-torial Page Editor and focusing on politics. 
As the influence of his political punditry 
grew, Ray became increasingly tapped as a moderator for political debates for races up and down the ticket. As a debate moderator, he became known for asking tough, thoughtful questions which gave the voters of eastern Connecticut much needed answers. He also connected candidates directly with the public by broadcasting editorial board meetings with all candidates during election cycles. 
Ray’s numerous honors include being 
named the three time GateHouse Media Edi-torial Writer of the Year in 2009, 2011, and 2013. He won awards in 2008, 2012, and 2013 from the Connecticut Society for Profes-sional Journalism for editorial excellence. Ad-ditionally, Ray was awarded First Place for the Dear Governor project in 2010 from both the New England Newspaper & Press Association and the Associated Press Managing Editors Association. 
In my view, one of Ray’s accomplishments 
outshines even these honors bestowed by his colleagues—the dedicated push he made to bring U.S. Army Captain and Waterford native Arnold ‘‘Arnie’’ Holm’s remains home to Con-necticut. Captain Holm was killed in action in Vietnam in 1972, and his body never recov-ered. Working with Holm’s friend Bill Cavalieri and his widow Margarete Holm, Ray kept up the drumbeat in the media to find Holm’s re-mains and return them for proper burial. Dec-ades after their passing, Holm’s remains were discovered in 2011 at a helicopter crash site in the central highlands of Vietnam. In a fitting final chapter to this story, my office was noti-fied this week that the headstone marking the grave of Holm and his two comrades was in-stalled at Arlington National Cemetery. 
Ray has said that his inspiration as a jour-
nalist has always been to ‘‘think like a reader’’ and ‘‘never forget, they all don’t think like you.’’ This approach has earned Ray access 
to readers of all stripes in eastern Connecticut and garnered their respect, even if disagreeing with his reporting or his opinions. 
When Ray Hackett steps down this month 
from the Norwich Bulletin, eastern Connecticut will lose an irreplaceable asset—a reporter and editor who embraced the coverage of all 64 towns in the Second Congressional District, the diversity of our urban, suburban, and rural communities, and the politics and policy issues that animate discussions in our diners and at our kitchen tables across our region. Ray leaves a significant journalistic footprint in eastern Connecticut that will not be matched for a long time. Even in an era of a 24 hour news cycle, he represents a journalistic ethos marked by integrity in pursuit of impartial truth. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting 
Ray Hackett on an illustrious career and wish-ing him the best in a well-earned retirement. 
f 
HONORING ISRAEL INDEPENDENCE 
DAY 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-
lowing: 
Whereas, the State of Israel has flourished 
to become the preeminent democracy in the Middle East and today celebrates 67 years of independence; and 
Whereas, Israel has been a dedicated part-
ner to the United States, working with our Na-tion and other allies to build peace collabo-ratively and work toward common interests and goals including the safety, security and freedom of all people around the world; and 
Whereas, Our Nation must continue to pro-
tect, strengthen and promote our close friend and ally Israel as we strive to achieve greater stability in the Middle East and around the world; and 
Whereas, At 67, despite tremendous chal-
lenges, Israel demonstrates continually that principle and motivation are transforming forces allowing Israel to thrive; now, therefore, be it 
Resolved that the Honorable L
EONARD  
LANCE , the Honorable P ETER ROSKAM , the 
Honorable D OUG LAMBORN and the Honorable 
LEEZELDIN , Members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and co-chairmen of the House Republican Israel Caucus, join Israel in cele-bration of its Independence Day. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND 
ACHIEVEMENTS OF SUSIE WILSON 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, 
along with my colleagues the Honorable A NNA 
ESHOO and the Honorable M ICHAEL HONDA , to 
honor the life and achievements of a distin-guished member of our community, Susanne (‘‘Susie’’) Wilson. She has been a long-standing leader in the Santa Clara Valley as both a public official and a community advo-cate. Susie served as a member of the San 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22AP8.008 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E552 April 22, 2015 
Jose City Council from 1973–1978. She also 
served as Vice-Mayor of San Jose from 1976– 1978, she was a member of the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors for District 1 from 1979–1991; serving as Chairperson in 1982, 1986, and 1990. 
Susie also served as Chair of the Valley 
Transit District Board, and was the first woman to become President of the Associa-tion of Bay Area Governments. She was a founding member in 1974 of California Elected Women for Education and Research (CEWEAR), as well as past President and life member. In 1990, she became a member of the Valley Medical Center Foundation Board of Directors, and has also served as its Presi-dent. Susie has been a champion of social justice, and one of her important accomplish-ments was her success as Chair of the YWCA Villa Nueva Capital Campaign. Villa Nueva is a 63-family residential housing unit for low-in-come families, which houses transitional and affordable housing, mostly for single mothers and their kids. To honor Susie, the building was named in her honor when it opened in 1993. 
As a long-time distinguished volunteer of the 
YWCA, a scholarship has also been named in her honor, the ‘‘Susanne B. Wilson Scholar-ship Award,’’ which is given each year to a young woman from one of the YWCA pro-grams. For almost 40 years, Susie Wilson has been the driving force behind the YWCA of Silicon Valley. Susie’s belief in the YWCA’s mission of empowering women and eliminating racism makes her a fearless and tireless ad-vocate to raise support, both morally and fi-nancially, for the YWCA. Since 1999 she has been CEO of WKW Mechanical Contractors, Inc. and a sole proprietor of a governmental consulting firm called, Solutions by Wilson, which she started in 1991 after she retired from the Santa Clara County Board of Super-visors. 
Susie Wilson has a superb record of com-
munity service as well as service to San Jose State University. Susie served as a lecturer during the 1980’s; and in 1994, she was the first visiting professor for the ‘‘Leader in Resi-dence’’ program at San Jose State University, teaching a senior seminar in the ethical issues of politics. 
Susie also served as the Alumni Steering 
Committee for the Political Science Depart-ment, and has been a member of the Spartan Foundation since 1982, and was the Founda-tion’s past President from 2004–2006. She has also lent regular support to the Don Edwards lecture series. Susie was one of the founders and participants of the ‘‘Walk for Women of Sparta,’’ the largest fundraiser by women for women athletes, which raised over $1 million for women athletic scholarships. She has also been active in the Spartan Foun-dation, a key fundraising organization of San Jose State University, and also served on the executive committee and board of directors. Susie also received the prestigious Tower Award from the university for the 1995–96 academic year. 
Susie has also done work for numerous or-
ganizations, such as: the United Way, the Boy Scouts of America, and Cambrian Park United Methodist Church, the church she has at-tended for more than 30 years. 
Susie was a founding member of the Na-
tional Women’s Political Caucus, a multipar-tisan, multicultural grassroots organization dedicated to increasing women’s participation 
in the political field, designed to achieve equality for all women. Susie is also a mem-ber of the American Association of University Women, a leading voice promoting equity and education for women and girls. 
It is evident by the many roles that Susie 
has taken on, that she is a vital member of the Silicon Valley community and an inspiration for women and men alike. Thus, it is our privilege to honor her as a significant person in the 19th Congressional District. We would like to take this occasion to thank Susie for her many gifts and contributions to the community of San Jose. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. RITA RICE 
MORRIS 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate Dr. Rita Rice Morris on her twelve years of service to Shawnee State Uni-versity. 
Dr. Morris, the longest-serving president in 
the storied history of Shawnee State Univer-sity, is leaving behind a distinguished record of invaluable contributions to the institution, the community, and most importantly the stu-dents. 
During her tenure, Dr. Morris led the univer-
sity through a period of unprecedented growth in enrollment, academic programming, and student services. Not constrained by the walls of Shawnee State, she oversaw the growth in partnerships and community support in Ports-mouth and the region. 
Importantly, Dr. Morris touched the lives of 
young people by improving access to higher education at Shawnee State University. Her twelve-year presidency shepherded in a period of record-breaking growth in both enrollment and degree attainment. 
As Dr. Morris departs, Shawnee State Uni-
versity is a pioneering institution in new and innovative programs, including game design and digital simulation. 
We are all grateful for Dr. Morris’ strong 
leadership at Shawnee State and in southern Ohio. Again, I congratulate Dr. Rita Rice Mor-ris on her presidency, and I wish her the very best in her future endeavors. 
f 
THE STRONGER ACT OF 2015 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, as trade 
agreements have evolved to more accurately reflect international commerce, they’ve be-come more complex. This complexity limits U.S. ability to simultaneously oversee, imple-ment, and enforce these agreements. For in-stance, in 2001, China joined the World Trade Organization (WTO). Nearly 15 years later, as outlined in the 2014 Special 301 Report, Chi-nese laws still call for mandatory intellectual property transfers from U.S. firms to Chinese parties—laws that are inconsistent with their WTO commitments. Similarly in Peru, the 
U.S.-Peru Free Trade Agreement went into ef-fect in 2009 and contained some of the strongest environmental protection and con-servation provisions ever included in a trade pact. Implementation, however, has faced con-stant efforts to roll back progress. 
These two examples do not necessarily 
demonstrate a lack of commitment to enforc-ing our trade agreements. They do, however, demonstrate that enforcement resources have not kept pace with the scope and complexity of our trade agreements. As a result, we have not been able to extract the full value of our agreements to the disadvantage of our busi-nesses and workers. Looking ahead, some Trans-Pacific Partnership countries will need significant capacity building and technical as-sistance if they are to meet their new commer-cial, environmental, and labor obligations. 
The STRONGER (Supplemental Trade Re-
view, Oversight, Noncompliance and General Enforcement Resources) Act of 2015 would create an Enforcement Fund to support trade and development agencies for a narrow set of uses relating to the enforcement and imple-mentation of our trade agreements. This fund would follow the precedents of the Migratory Bird Conservation Fund, the Sport Fish Res-toration & Boating Trust Fund, and others that rely on a small portion of related tariff revenue to fund a multi-agency effort. 
During the last five fiscal years, the United 
States has averaged $442 million in anti- dumping and countervailing duties (AD/CVD) that go to Treasury’s General Fund. The En-forcement Fund would receive a small fraction of our annual AD/CVDs—never to exceed $30 million with a maximum transfer of $15 million annually—for the enforcement and implemen-tation of our trade agreements. 
Under the legislation, certain U.S. agencies 
would be authorized to use Enforcement Fund resources for the enforcement of current and future FTAs, the implementation and enforce-ment of WTO obligations to which the U.S. is a party, capacity building focused on effective implementation and compliance with FTA commitments (with priority given to environ-mental and labor commitments), and the moni-toring and evaluation of U.S. capacity building efforts to ensure investments are spent wisely. Importantly, none of the funds could be used for negotiating new trade agreements. The STRONGER Act would also establish a set of requirements enabling continuous oversight and improvement in our trade capacity build-ing investments. 
f 
SAN JACINTO DAY 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to commemorate one of the most important events in Texas history. Yesterday, on April 21, Texans celebrated the 179th anni-versary of San Jacinto Day. 
On that day in 1836, approximately 900 
Texian and Tejano volunteers overpowered a larger professional Mexican army of conscript soldiers, after defeats at the Battles of Goliad and the Alamo. These outnumbered volun-teers succeeded because they were fighting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22AP8.003 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E553 April 22, 2015 
against tyranny and for their homeland. In the 
words of the Texas Declaration of Independ-ence, the people’s government had been ‘‘forcibly changed, without their consent, from a restricted federative republic, composed of sovereign states, to a consolidated central military despotism.’’ 
The Texas Revolution proved the bonds of 
freedom are stronger than ethnicity, as many Tejanos and Texians sacrificed their lives for Texas’ freedom at the Battles of Gonzalez, Bexar, Goliad, the Alamo, and San Jacinto. The war was not between Anglos and His-panics, it was a struggle between all Texans and the unjust military dictatorship of Antonio Lopez de Santa Ana in Mexico City. Texians and Tejanos knew then what we know now— freedom requires sacrifice. 
Texas culture places high honors on heroes 
willing to sacrifice their lives for a better life for their fellow man, and Texans are known around the world as an honorable people who respond to the call of duty. While our young people are answering today’s calls of duty, we should not forget those who have bravely an-swered that call in the past. 
With an understanding of where they came 
from, future Texans will continue to respond to calls to service, and Texans will continue to be respected and admired around the world. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF 
BENJAMIN HOCHFIELD 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Mr. Benjamin Hochfield, who tragically passed away on November 24, 2014 at the young age of 43. A passionate family man and public servant, Mr. Hochfield was a prominent member of the Western New York community. 
Mr. Hochfield touched many lives of various 
groups in Western New York. While working for Erie County Department of Environment and Planning and the County Attorney’s office, he earned the respect and became close with many public officials and employees. He was a prominent figure in Buffalo’s music commu-nity and an advocate for beautifying the Elm-wood Village. His reach to members of the community was many and varied. 
Mr. Hochfield had many passions in his life, 
but his first love was of music. From a young age Mr. Hochfield began studying piano and guitar. His passions led him to attend The Berkley College of Music in Boston, Massa-chusetts, where he further developed his craft. When he returned home to Buffalo, he contin-ued his passion and played with several local bands, most notably with ‘‘Necktie Tour-niquet.’’ 
Mr. Hochfield’s passions continued with his 
endearment for gardening. Influenced by his loving wife Tracey, he spent hours beautifying the garden by her side. Their prized garden was featured during Buffalo’s famous Garden Walk of 2014. Mr. Hochfield hand crafted a stone fountain at the center of their garden that helped attract individuals from all over the country to view their garden. Here is an ac-count written for the Buffalo Rising paper by a neighbor of Mr. Hochfield. When I first purchased my house on Nor-
wood Avenue, almost 20 years ago, people told me that I was nuts. Upon moving in, the first thing that I noticed in the back ‘‘yard’’ of my house was a number of discarded purses (from purse snatchings) and gang graffiti tags. 
Over the years my neighborhood has seen 
a drastic turnaround. It started with Elmwood Avenue rebounding, which in turn made the intertwined residential neighborhoods more desirable. Avenues and streets such as Nor-wood truly began to shine when home owners started to plant gardens, paint houses, and re-place their front porches. Organizations such as Garden Walk contributed to the movement. Slowly but surely a healthy community began to take hold. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. BEVERLY 
WALKER-GRIFFEA AS SHE IS IN-STALLED AS THE SEVENTH PRESIDENT OF MOTT COMMU-NITY COLLEGE AND FOR HER COMMITMENT TO ACADEMIC EX-CELLENCE 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Dr. Walker-Griffea, President of Mott Community College, for her unwavering commitment to academic excellence and stu-dent success. 
Dr. Walker-Griffea is the first female and 
first African American president in Mott Com-munity College’s history. A native of Tulsa, Oklahoma, Dr. Walker-Griffea holds a Doc-torate of Philosophy in Child Development from Texas Woman’s University in Denton, Texas, a Master of Education in Guidance and Counseling from Virginia State University in Petersburg, Virginia, and a Bachelor of Science in Journalism and Broadcasting from Oklahoma State University in Stillwater, Okla-homa. 
Dr. Walker-Griffea has demonstrated a pas-
sion for ensuring all students have access to quality, affordable, and effective learning expe-riences. As a long-time advocate for collegiate student success, Dr. Walker-Griffea has served community college students in various capacities for twenty years. Her long history in education includes serving as Vice President of Student Affairs at Thomas Nelson Commu-nity College in Hampton, Virginia; Dean of Student Development at Houston Community College-Central Campus; and Interim Dean of Health and Environmental Sciences at Spo-kane Community College. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Dr. Beverly Walker- 
Griffea for her strong leadership and unyielding commitment to academic success and our community. HONORING MRS. JENNIFER 
VIDLER AND THE 2015 WISE HON-OREES 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, for 12 
years, the greater Mesquite area has em-braced the opportunity to honor many excep-tional women in the community through the Women in Service and Enterprise (WISE) Award Luncheon and Style Show. Today I would like to honor this year’s award recipient, Mrs. Jennifer Vidler, who is a shining example of a committed community advocate and serv-ant. I would also like to recognize honorees Beth Gaddis, Debbie Jacobson, and Linda Pimentel for their valuable service and com-mitment to their community. 
Jennifer Vidler has lived in Mesquite most of 
her life. She is a graduate of North Mesquite High School and proudly served in the United States Air Force as a Specialist. Afterwards, she studied cosmetology and graduated with a perfect score through the state board of exam. Her salon has been a Chamber of Commerce member for 15 years, and voted best salon several times. Jennifer has been a member and chairwoman for the Board of Adjustments for six years and now she is a Planning and Zoning Commissioner. She has been Vice President and then President of Old Town Mesquite/Community Heart of Mesquite. For the last nine years Jennifer has worked very hard with the fundraising, planning, and imple-menting of Kid Fish and Pumpkin Fest. For many years Jennifer led the decorations for Christmas on the Square by herself, before a few people came to help. She has worked hard to bring a Farmers Market to Mesquite, and this year will be the 2nd Annual Farmers Market on the Square. Jennifer says, ‘‘I truly love Mesquite and think it can only be even better.’’ 
Past WISE Award winners have served in a 
variety of ways, but they are united by the long-lasting impact they have made on their community. Their service, community involve-ment and dedication to enterprise continue to inspire younger generations. 
Today, I would like to recognize all of the 
WISE honorees for their outstanding service and congratulate them on their awards. Thank you, ladies, for helping make our community, state, and country a better place. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 60TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE DENVER RE-GIONAL COUNCIL OF GOVERN-MENTS 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
one of Colorado’s most respected and valued organizations, the Denver Regional Council of Governments (DRCOG), on its 60th anniver-sary. Through collaborative cooperation, DRCOG speaks and leads with one voice while serving nine counties and 47 municipali-ties, and it stands as one of the three oldest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22AP8.006 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E554 April 22, 2015 
Councils of Government in the country. 
DRCOG serves as the Metropolitan Planning Organization for the Denver metropolitan re-gion, skillfully serving nearly three million citi-zens in three broad-based areas: Regional Growth and Development, Transportation & Personal Mobility, and Aging & Disability Re-sources. 
Currently, local governments are rep-
resented in a cooperative and comprehensive multi-modal transportation planning process for the entire region while incorporating state and federal practices and regulations. The Denver Regional Council’s Mobility and Ac-cess Council (DRMAC) ensures people with mobility challenges have access to the com-munity by increasing, enhancing, sharing, and coordinating regional transportation services and resources with a vision of mobility and ac-cess for all. 
DRCOG’s Sustainable Communities Initia-
tive (SCI) has worked with the Department of Housing and Urban Development while leveraging the multi-billion dollar FasTracks transit system expansion already in place. The SCI just concluded its collaborative partner-ship of governmental, public and private-sector organizations to support the planning and im-plementation of its ideas to foster greater ac-cess to more economically diverse, multi- modal communities that will put less strain on our natural resources. 
Now in its 40th year as the designated Area 
Agency on Aging (AAA), DRCOG helps peo-ple live independently as long as possible in their own homes and communities. DRCOG contracts with community-based agencies to provide a broad continuum of services ad-dressing the needs of the region’s booming population of older adults and those living with disabilities. In coordination with other stake-holders, the AAA helps ensure that community leaders are aware of the needs of older adults, the benefits of community-based serv-ices, and the costs to taxpayers of failing to address needs of seniors in the region. 
DRCOG has a long list of accomplishments 
shaping the region in a way that benefits us all. From helping transition the Valley Highway to what we know today as I–25, including the T-Rex project, to the discussion about where to relocate Stapleton Airport—which we know now as Denver International Airport. DRCOG helped establish the Mile High Compact to help shape growth in the metro area in an in-telligent manner and designed mechanisms to protect the region’s air quality through the oversight of the Regional Air Quality Council. From funding major highway and transit projects in the region to helping with the for-mation of RTD, DRCOG has been involved with seemingly every major regional issue and project. 
Please join me in commending DRCOG. As 
their motto says, they make life better. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAVID 
SANES RODRIGUEZ 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, this past Sun-
day, April 19th, marked the anniversary of the death of David Sanes Rodriguez. He was a ci-vilian security guard, employed by the U.S. 
Navy, who died 16 years ago when two errant bombs were dropped from a fighter jet near his observation post on Vieques, Puerto Rico. 
His tragic death spurred protests throughout 
Puerto Rico and the United States, and ulti-mately led to the halting of bombing on the is-land where countless shells and chemicals were dropped. 
It is unconscionable that the American gov-
ernment could wreak such havoc on such pris-tine lands for so long. It is unimaginable that it would ignore the pleas of its own citizens for decades as they called for an end to the bombing of their land. 
We must ensure that Sanes Rodriguez is 
not forgotten, and neither is the unnecessary destruction of vast parts of Vieques during the more than 60 years of live-fire bombing prac-tice on the island. 
As we also celebrate Earth Day this week, 
we must acknowledge another grim reality: decades of destructive shelling turned Vieques into one of the most toxic places on the plan-et. In the 16 years since Sanes Rodriguez was killed, lingering environmental and health concerns due to the bombings are still not being fully addressed. 
Tens of thousands of bombs and toxic 
chemicals were dropped on Vieques during U.S. Navy training exercises. Some of those munitions contained depleted uranium and na-palm. Contamination concerns led the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency to list the former Vieques training area as a Superfund site— basically designating it as a toxic dump. 
I have grilled the Director of the Agency for 
Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) about the alarming rate of cancer 
and other serious health conditions experi-enced by Viequenses as a result of the envi-ronmental damage caused by decades of mili-tary bombing. Amazingly, the agency has re-ported that it could not find ‘‘credible scientific evidence’’ to support a link between a genera-tion of military pollutants and Vieques resi-dents’ poor health trends. 
In March of 2013, I visited Vieques to wit-
ness for myself the consequences of decades of shelling and the impact it has had on the is-land. I met with citizens whose health has been harmed by living near the former bomb-ing range. The people of Vieques live every-day with the legacy of the environmental de-struction that was wreaked upon their land 
Sanes Rodriguez’s death, while tragic and 
unnecessary, was not meaningless. It opened the eyes of millions of Americans to the harm being inflicted upon Vieques. Our annual re-membrance of his tragic death now serves an-other noble cause: environmental justice for Vieques. 
On this important date for the people of 
Vieques, and as the world celebrates Earth Day, I urge my colleagues to join me in mak-ing sure this beautiful island is restored. I urge my colleagues to join me in addressing the health problems that six decades of bombings have imposed upon the residents who still call Vieques home. IN HONOR OF EDWARD T. ‘‘FITZY’’ 
FITZPATRICK OF BOSTON, MA 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Edward T. ‘‘Fitzy’’ Fitzpatrick, in rec-ognition of his outstanding contributions to the International Brotherhood of Electrical Work-ers, Local 2222 of Boston, MA, and to com-mend him for over fifty years of dedicated service to the working men and women of this community. 
The son of Joseph and Ann Fitzpatrick of 
Mattapan, Edward was born in Boston and lived in Mattapan. Edward attended St. Margaret’s School in Dorchester, MA and graduated from Hyde Park High School. Dur-ing high school and after graduation, Ed began his career at New England Telephone. His career at New England Telephone was put on hold while he honorably and bravely served in Vietnam. 
Upon completion of his distinguished service 
to our country, Ed continued working for New England Telephone and began to gain the re-spect and admiration of his co-workers while fighting for their rights on the job. His leader-ship skills were evident and he was instru-mental in the achievements of the IBTW and helped form the foundation for the move from the independent IBTW to the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and the charter of Local 2222. Local 2222 became well-known in the local labor movement and in political circles in Boston’s working-class neighborhoods. 
Ed held many positions in Local 2222 for 
many years including shop steward, chief steward, vice president and business agent. He became president of the Local in 1991 and held that position for 24 years until his retire-ment in March of 2015. 
He is well-known for fiercely leading Local 
2222 and 60,000 workers through a four month strike in 1989 that was one of the larg-est and most contentious union/management battles in decades. From the back of a pick- up truck with a loudspeaker, Ed motivated thousands to stand strong on the picket line and to battle for their rights and their families through one of the most successful strikes in U.S. history with his hallmark saying ‘‘Hang Tough.’’ The striking workers in 1989 success-fully resisted management demands and won health care coverage for all telephone workers in Boston. 
Aside from being a fierce union leader, Ed 
is mostly known for his incredible dedication to those afflicted by drug and alcohol addiction. A legendary figure in Local 2222’s ‘‘Member-ship Assistance’’ program, Ed’s personal inter-ventions and time has saved the lives, mar-riages, and phone company careers of count-less workers caught in the grip of substance abuse. He has devoted his own personal time, day and night, to families and individuals struggling with addiction. He believes the most valuable thing you can give to another human being is your time and Fitzy makes the time for anyone in need. He not only works with the members of his union and their families but also spends three nights a week visiting and bringing the message of hope to the incarcer-ated in three local prisons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22AP8.013 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E555 April 22, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, Fitzy is known for his diligent 
service to others from all walks of life. Ed was a recipient of the Caring Hearts Award from The Gavin Foundation in South Boston. He was also recognized as the Volunteer of the Year for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Department of Correction at the State House for his tireless years of service to incarcerated individuals. 
Ed has had the good fortune to be married 
to his wife, Joanne for 45 years; they are the proud parents of three children and ten grand-children. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to take 
the floor of the House today to join with Ed-ward T. ‘‘Fitzy’’ Fitzpatrick’s family, friends, and contemporaries to thank him for his re-markable service to his country, his commu-nity and to the working men and women of the Greater Boston area. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BOY SCOUT TROOP 6 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize Boy Scout Troop 6 as they achieve the distinguished Centennial celebra-tion in the storied history of scouting in Amer-ica. Formed in 1915, Troop 6 is the oldest continuously operating scout troop in the Dan Beard Council, and now marks its 100th year. 
Over those 100 years, scouting values have 
played an important role in our nation’s his-tory, contributing to the character development of millions of youth. 
Leading boys from the first steps of Tender-
foot through the rank of Eagle Scout, through merit badges, summer camps, and service projects, Troop 6 has instilled character and moral compass in countless young men over its 100 years. 
America and Ohio benefit from skills and 
values that scouting instills in our young men including self-reliance, a duty to God and country, appreciation of the outdoors, and committed citizenship. Our nation could benefit from more people taking the Scout Law to heart. 
Troop 6 has shown a dedicated commitment 
to our community and nation, leading numer-ous service projects and supporting our mili-tary members. 
Southwest Ohio is privileged to have such a 
distinguished scout troop. I look forward to Troop 6’s next 100 years as they continue their legacy of service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BILL AND DOROTHY 
BIZZINI 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Bill and Dorothy Bizzini as the re-cipients of the Merced College Foundation’s 2015 President’s Medallion Award. Bill and Dorothy Bizzini have served their community with distinction, volunteering their time and do-nating to a wide range of causes and organi-zations in and around Merced County, Cali-
fornia. 
Bill and Dorothy Bizzini will have been mar-
ried for 60 years in June and are the proud parents of four successful children. Bill and Dorothy graduated from Gustine High School. Dorothy earned a Registered Nursing Diploma from Sacramento Junior College and a B.A. in Nursing Education from CSU Sacramento. Bill majored in Veterinary Medicine at the Univer-sity of California, Davis. Bill and Dorothy were the first in their families to earn college de-grees. They have owned and operated the Atwater Veterinary Clinic, providing quality medical care for both large and small animals, thus serving the needs of the area’s farmers, ranchers, and community members since 1960. 
Bill and Dorothy Bizzini have contributed 
their volunteer time by serving on many local, state, and national professional organizations and boards. Among these organizations are the Merced College Board of Trustees, the UC Merced Foundation, CSU Stanislaus Founda-tion, Atwater Chamber of Commerce, Greater Merced Chamber of Commerce, California Veterinary Medical Association, Atwater Meth-odist Church, Soroptimist Club of Atwater, Castle Air Force Base Community Council and Bloss Memorial Hospital Board of Directors. 
The Bizzini’s have always promoted edu-
cation throughout their lives. In 2004 the Classroom Building at California State Univer-sity Stanislaus was renamed Dorothy and Bill Bizzini Hall after a pledge of $1.35 million. Dorothy is currently on the University of Cali-fornia Merced Foundation’s Board of Trustees and Bill served until 2012. Bill and Dorothy went to college on scholarships and they clearly understand how important it is to help others achieve a higher education. 
Bill and Dorothy have inspired many others 
to follow their example of service above self, being active members of Rotary International and have attended 14 Rotary International Conventions. They have made numerous hu-manitarian trips to foreign countries, providing health services to families and children in Guatemala, Ghana, Venezuela, Mexico, El Salvador, Thailand and many other countries. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
recognize the lifetime of commitment that Bill and Dorothy have given to the Merced County community. They are richly deserving of all honor and praise associated with the Merced College Foundation’s President’s Medallion. 
f 
STRENGTHENING TRADE-RELATED 
PROTECTIONS FOR THE ENVI-RONMENT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, when for-
eign countries selectively enforce their envi-ronmental rules to advantage their own com-panies, it undercuts U.S. companies and it harms the environment. Our trade negotiators should have the tools they need to adequately enforce environmental commitments. 
The problem is proliferating. A survey con-
ducted this year by the American Chamber of Commerce in China found that 57 percent—a multi-point increase from last year—of U.S. companies operating in China believed they 
were being unfairly targeted compared to their local competition. The U.S. should have the tools to correct such disadvantages. The Green 301 Act would be an important tool in this regard. 
The Green 301 Act strengthens Section 301 
of the Trade Act of 1974 to strengthen the U.S. Trade Representative’s ability to ensure that the law is applied equally, that bad actors are held accountable, and that good actors are not penalized for following the rules. By making sure U.S. companies aren’t forced to play by a different and more costly set of rules abroad, we can bolster environmental protec-tions and best practices, as well as U.S. ex-ports. The selective enforcement of environ-mental laws damages both trade and our envi-ronment. 
Specifically, the Green 301 Act would allow 
the U.S. to impose penalties on countries that fail to effectively enforce their environmental laws, that waived or otherwise derogated from their environmental laws, that fail to provide for judicial proceedings giving access to rem-edies for violations of their environmental laws, that fail to provide appropriate and effec-tive sanctions or remedies for violations of their environmental laws, or that fail to effec-tively implement environmental commitments they agreed to with the United States. 
Additionally, Section 301 enables outside 
groups to petition USTR to take action. Any outside organization may file a Section 301 re-quest with USTR, which must then consult with the petitioners, and report back within 45 days on whether they will or won’t act on the petition and why or why not. The Green 301 Act would ensure this process is expanded to environmental violations. 
U.S. trade agreements attempt to limit these 
unfair double standards. Dozens of countries, however, fall outside our trade commitments. To level the playing field in these countries, and to stop a race to the bottom, Congress in-cluded Section 301 in the Trade Act of 1974. This section authorizes the U.S. to take action to remove ‘‘any act, policy, or practice of a for-eign government that . . . is unjustified, un-reasonable, or discriminatory, and that bur-dens or restricts U.S. commerce.’’ Congress later expanded Section 301 to deal specifically with IP issues, and later amended it to ad-dress labor standards. It is time that Congress expand it again to meet environmental chal-lenges. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DR. NORMAN C. 
FRANCIS  
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor an esteemed educator and out-standing civic leader, Dr. Norman C. Francis. As the nation’s longest-serving university president, Dr. Francis will be retiring after 47 remarkable years as president of Xavier Uni-versity of Louisiana in New Orleans, Lou-isiana. A reception hosted by the Honorable Mary Landrieu and the Honorable Alexis Her-man will be held in his honor on Wednesday, April 22, 2015 at 5:30 p.m. in Washington, DC. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22AP8.008 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E556 April 22, 2015 
Born and raised in Lafayette, Louisiana, Dr. 
Francis, the son of a barber and a home-maker, first set foot on the campus of Xavier University as a student in 1948 and imme-diately stood out among his peers as a leader in all areas of academic excellence. Fore-shadowing the legacy he would later build on this very campus, his fellow classmates elect-ed him class president each year of his under-graduate study and student body president his senior year. When he graduated with honors 
in 1952, Dr. Francis left Xavier knowing that he would return someday. 
Later that year, Dr. Francis became the first 
African American to attend Loyola Law School in New Orleans. After graduating in 1955, he served our country with honor and distinction in the U.S. Army’s Third Armored Division. After his honorable discharge, Dr. Francis worked on special assignment with the U.S. Attorney General to help desegregate federal agencies. 
Following his completion of this assignment, 
Dr. Francis found himself at a crossroads. He had a promising legal career ahead of him yet he yearned to be of service in higher edu-cation. Choosing the latter, where he thought his talents could be of greater use, Dr. Francis returned to his alma mater, becoming dean of men in 1957. Rising quickly through the ranks, he became the first African American and first layman to serve as president of Xavier Univer-sity in 1968. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Francis has revolutionized 
Xavier University in countless ways during his 47-year tenure as president. Under his leader-ship, the university’s enrollment has more than doubled, its endowment has grown eight-fold, and its campus has expanded from only five buildings to sixteen buildings on more than sixty acres. 
These changes are also reflected in the 
young leaders and model graduates that Xa-vier continues to produce. Xavier University is recognized as the leading producer of African American undergraduates who go on to com-plete medical school and one of the top three producers of African American Doctor of Phar-macy degree recipients. Xavier ranks first na-tionally in the number of African American stu-dents earning undergraduate degrees in biol-ogy and life sciences, chemistry, physics, and pharmacy. 
Dr. Francis’ sphere of influence has not 
been confined to the campus limits of Xavier University. A nationally recognized figure, Dr. Francis has served in advisory roles to eight U.S. presidents on education and civil rights issues. He has also served on 54 boards and commissions. He has received 42 honorary degrees from other universities and numerous awards and commendations in recognition of his leadership in higher education as well as his selfless service to his community and to our nation. In 2006, then-President George W. Bush honored Dr. Francis with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian award. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Dr. Norman C. Francis for his significant contributions to our nation and for his 47 outstanding years as President of Xa-vier University of Louisiana. His visionary lead-ership has helped transform this university for the better to provide students with a fulfilling college experience, a quality education focus-ing on academic excellence, and the nec-essary tools with which to live successful and productive lives. HONORING CHIEF THOMAS LAWS 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Chief Thomas Laws, the Fire Chief of Granite Falls, North Carolina. On May 1, 2015, Chief Laws will retire after thirty-two years of successful, dedicated service. 
Chief Laws began his service in Granite 
Falls in 1982 as a firefighter. Just three years later, he was promoted to Chief. During his tenure, Chief Laws maintained a standard of excellence in firefighting equipment, tactics, and training. He was also instrumental in ob-taining several program grants that have made the department what it is today. Thanks in large part to Chief Laws’ dedication, the local fire department in Granite Falls consistently handled emergencies in a timely and efficient manner. 
The exemplary leadership of Chief Laws is 
something that all of us can admire and re-spect. As such, I am proud to honor Fire Chief Thomas Laws for his faithful service to the people of Granite Falls and congratulate him on his retirement. 
f 
CELEBRATING ZETA PHI BETA SO-
RORITY, INC. GREAT LAKES RE-GION 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate 95 years of service by Zeta Phi Beta Sorority and to wish them well as they begin their 81st Annual Great Lakes Re-gional Leadership Conference tomorrow in Rosemont, Illinois. 
The conference, led by Great Lakes Re-
gional Director Michelle Porter Norman, will capture the essence of all that Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated embodies . . . to be ‘‘A Community Conscious, Action Oriented Orga-nization’’. Their National Programs, including Z–HOPE, Stork’s Nest and Elder Care, pro-vide necessary assistance to members of our communities across the globe, to address so-cietal ills, poverty, and health concerns of the day. It is expected to draw more than 700 members from across seven states—Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio and Wisconsin. 
Zeta Phi Beta Sorority was founded in 1920 
at Howard University in Washington, DC, in the belief that the social nature of Sorority life should not overshadow the real mission of progressive organizations. The international organization’s more than 100,000 initiated members and affiliates have given millions of volunteer hours to educate the public, provide scholarships, support organized charities and promote legislation for social and civic change. Zeta Phi Beta has more than 800 chapters in the United States, Japan, Germany, England, Belgium, the Republic of Korea, the Caribbean and most recently Dubai, United Arab Emir-ates. 
I send a sincere ‘‘thank you’’ to Zeta Phi 
Beta for your dedication to promoting aca-demic excellence and instilling in your mem-
bers a lifelong commitment to service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. SAUNDRA H. 
GLOVER 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Dr. Saundra H. Glover on the occasion of her retirement from the University of South Carolina. Serving as Associate Dean for Health Disparities and Social Justice of the Arnold School of Public Health and Director of the Institute for Partnerships to Eliminate Health Disparities (IPEHD), Dr. Glover has de-voted her life to fighting inequity in health sta-tus and health care. 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. famously said at 
the 1966 National Convention of the Medical Committee for Human Rights: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ I pro-foundly agree with that view. While many be-moan the poor health status of many Ameri-cans and their lack of access to care, Dr. Glover spent decades working to correct this shocking and inhumane injustice. 
In her fight to eliminate health disparities, 
Dr. Glover has brought to bear a plethora of weapons. She has conducted research, win-ning millions of dollars in grants and leading efforts to create the Health Disparities Re-search Network. She has been a prolific au-thor, publishing dozens of articles in academic journals. She has been an educator, working to address the dearth of minority public health professionals and earning the South Carolina Rural Health Association’s Excellence in Edu-cation Award. She has been a community leader, serving on the South Carolina Depart-ment of Health and Environmental Control (DHEC) commissioner’s health disparities ad-visory board and partnering with DHEC’s Of-fice of Minority Health on a number of state-wide initiatives. In 2010, she was appointed to the Executive Committee of the Congressional Black Caucus Institute 21st Century Council, leading the health policy subcommittee. 
In all of these endeavors, Dr. Glover has at-
tacked the complicated problem of health dis-parities from a wide array of angles. Her publi-cations have covered topics as diverse as HIV, mental health, diabetes, asthma, access to care, and health services delivery. IPEHD, under her directorship, has been engaged in research and community activities that ad-dress HIV, cervical cancer, head and neck cancers, prostate cancer, obesity, mental health, autoimmune diseases, musculoskeletal injuries, and environmental health. In all of her work, Dr. Glover has focused on identifying and developing partnerships, engaging vulner-able and underserved communities in re-search, prevention and intervention activities, and training underrepresented minorities in biomedical and behavioral research. 
I am particularly grateful for Dr. Glover’s role 
in organizing the James E. Clyburn Health Disparities Lecture Series. She has taken the lead in developing this annual lecture series to bring together academicians, clinicians, and community partners to share research and best practices on promoting health equity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22AP8.012 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E557 April 22, 2015 
Recognizing the importance of turning knowl-
edge into action, Dr. Glover has ensured that this lecture series include follow-up dialogue sessions to identify community-level action steps to address racial, ethnic, and residence- based disparities in HIV and cancer in South Carolina and across the country. The success and growth of these programs would not have been possible without Dr. Glover’s leadership. 
With all of these accomplishments, it is no 
surprise that Dr. Glover has garnered numer-ous honors and awards over the years. The University of South Carolina honored her with the Outstanding Black Alumni Award in 2004 and the Martin Luther King Faculty Social Jus-tice Award for Exemplary Teaching, Research, and Service in 2010. She has also received national acclaim, winning the National Council of Negro Women’s Living the Legacy Award in 2011, the Urban League’s 2012 Tower Award for contributions to the betterment of humanity, and the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity’s MLK Community Service Award in 2013. We in South Carolina have been fortunate to have such a distinguished figure serving our com-munity for so many years. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating Dr. Glover on her well-deserved retirement. I wish her good health and Godspeed. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF END RACIAL 
PROFILING ACT OF 2015 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased 
to introduce the End Racial Profiling Act of 2015, along with additional cosponsors. This legislation represents a comprehensive federal commitment to healing the rift caused by racial profiling and restoring public confidence in the criminal justice system at-large. This legisla-tion is designed to enforce the constitutional right to equal protection of the laws by chang-ing the policies and procedures underlying the practice of profiling. 
This legislation can be traced back to the 
data collection efforts of the late 1990’s that were designed to determine whether racial profiling was a fact rather than an urban leg-end. Based upon the work around that legisla-tion, by September 11, 2001, there was signifi-cant empirical evidence and wide agreement among Americans, including President Bush and Attorney General Ashcroft, that racial profiling was a tragic fact of life in the minority community and that the Federal government should take action to end the practice. 
Moreover, many in the law enforcement 
community have also acknowledged that sin-gling out people for heightened scrutiny based on their race, ethnicity, religion, or national ori-gin had eroded the trust in law enforcement necessary to appropriately serve and protect our communities. 
During our 112th Congress Judiciary Com-
mittee hearing on racial profiling, we ap-proached the issue from the perspective of ‘‘smart policing’’ and what makes sense in a time of austerity for protecting public safety. I believe that it became clear during the hearing that enough agreement exists to allow us to re-open the bipartisan dialogue on racial profiling commenced by President Bush and 
Attorney General Ashcroft. 
Despite the fact that the majority of law en-
forcement officers perform their duties profes-sionally and without bias—and we value their service highly—the specter of racial profiling has contaminated the relationship between the police and minority communities to such a de-gree that federal action is justified to begin ad-dressing the issue. While the Department of Justice reissued a series of guidelines in De-cember 2014 which were designed to end the practice of racial profiling by federal law en-forcement agencies, these measures still do not reach the vast majority of racial profiling complaints arising from the routine activities of state and local law enforcement agencies. 
Further, the guidelines provide no enforce-
ment mechanism or methods for identifying law enforcement agencies not in compliance and, therefore, fail to resolve the racial profiling problem nationwide. In this instance, there is no substitute for comprehensive fed-eral anti-profiling legislation. 
The End Racial Profiling Act is designed to 
eliminate the well documented problem of ra-cial, ethnic, religious, gender, sexual orienta-tion, gender identity and national origin profiling. First, the bill provides a prohibition on racial profiling, enforceable by declaratory or injunctive relief. Second, the bill mandates that training on racial profiling issues as part of Federal law enforcement training, the collec-tion of data on all routine or spontaneous in-vestigatory activities that is to be submitted through a standardized form to the Depart-ment of Justice. 
Third, the Justice Department is authorized 
to provide grants for the development and im-plementation of best policing practices, such as early warning systems, technology integra-tion, and other management protocols that dis-courage profiling. Finally, the Attorney General is required to provide periodic reports to as-sess the nature of any ongoing discriminatory profiling practices. 
Recent events in the wake of Ferguson, 
Missouri demonstrate that racial profiling re-mains a divisive issue in communities across the nation that strikes at the very foundation of our democracy. The deaths of Walter L. Scott—arising from a traffic stop—Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Antonio Zambrano- Montes—all at the hands of police officers— highlight the links between the issues of race and reasonable suspicion of criminal conduct. Ultimately, these men are tragic examples of the risk of being victimized by a perception of criminality simply because of their race, eth-nicity, religion or national origin. These individ-uals were denied the basic respect and equal treatment that is the right of every American. 
Decades ago, in the face of shocking vio-
lence, the passage of sweeping civil rights leg-islation made it clear that race should not af-fect the treatment of an individual American under the law. I believe that thousands of pe-destrian and traffic stops of innocent minorities and needless killings or use of excessive force by the police call for a similar federal re-sponse. The practice of using race or other characteristics as a proxy for criminality by law enforcement seriously undermines the progress we have made toward achieving equality under the law. Please join me in sup-porting this legislation. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE JOB CORPS PROGRAM 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this 
opportunity to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Job Corps Program. With Westover Job Corps Center in Chicopee, Massachusetts within my district, I would like to say a few words on the successes that Job Corps have had over their distinguished history. 
The Job Corps Program was created as a 
collaboration between the public and private sectors to help poor and unemployed young people gain the skills to enter the job market. Job Corps’ educational model allows aca-demic and vocational professionals to create self-paced work plans for their students. With their residential campuses, counselors, in-structors, and advisors work with their stu-dents on a 24 hours a day, 7 days a week basis to develop the life skills, financial lit-eracy, and responsible citizenship that stu-dents require for the future. 80 percent of all Job Corps graduates are able to find employ-ment, move onto higher education, or serve their nation in the Armed Forces. Over their 50 year history, more than 3 million jobless and underemployed people have benefitted from the unique opportunity that Job Corps offers. 
Mr. Speaker, Job Corps remains a life- 
changing resource for thousands of at-risk, jobless, and disenfranchised youths around the country. I have personally seen the im-provements that have been made to students’ lives at Westover Job Corps Center over my tenure in Congress. I wish them continued success as they continue their great work in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 80TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE CITGO CORPUS CHRISTI REFINERY 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 80th anniversary of the CITGO Corpus Christi Refinery. Since 1935, CITGO has been a dedicated leader to the City of Corpus Christi and to the people of Texas. 
Driven by commitment to its core values of 
integrity, respect, and fairness, CITGO has been a shining steward and model example of the community. As a good corporate neighbor who has provided thousands of jobs and innu-merable charitable contributions and volunteer work to the people of Corpus Christi, I am very proud to have CITGO here in the 27th District of Texas. 
As a company rightly focused on people 
and opportunity, I encourage us all to take time today on April 15, 2015 to celebrate eight decades of CITGO’s commitment to our com-munity and to wish the Corpus Christi Refinery nothing but the best in the upcoming century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP8.015 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E558 April 22, 2015 
IN HONOR OF THE REVEREND 
JAMES CALVIN HARRIS, SR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor an outstanding Man of God who has been a longstanding source of inspi-ration, spiritual guidance, and moral leadership to the Columbus, Georgia community, the Reverend James Calvin Harris, Sr. After sixty- four remarkable years of serving as Pastor of Mount Pilgrim Baptist Church in Columbus, Rev. Harris will be retiring this month. A cele-bration of his well-deserved retirement will be held on Saturday, April 25, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. at the Columbus Convention and Trade Cen-ter in Columbus, Georgia. 
James Calvin Harris was born in Lee Coun-
ty, Georgia on April 7, 1925 to Elijah and Viola Harris as one of seven children. In 1944, at the age of 18, he began serving our country with courage and distinction in the U.S. Navy during World War II. After the war, Mr. Harris moved to Chicago and worked as a baker and dishwasher but later returned to Georgia to pursue his education. He attended Albany State University and then studied at the Amer-ican Baptist Theological Seminary in Nashville, Tennessee. 
His first church membership was St. 
Mathew Baptist Church in Lee County, which was pastored at the time by the late Reverend Allen A. Green. It was by this same pastor that Rev. Harris was licensed to the ministry on July 9, 1939 and ordained as a minister on August 10, 1949. 
Early on in his career, he pastored at sev-
eral churches across Georgia, sharing his pas-sion for the teachings of Christ. Following the path that God set out for him, Rev. Harris eventually came to call Mt. Pilgrim Baptist Church in Columbus his home. When he began preaching at the church, it was a small wooden building with only 100 members. Thanks to his dedication and enthusiasm, Rev. Harris has been able to build the Church’s membership to over 1,000 and make several extensive renovations and additions. 
Rev. Harris has always been popular with 
churchgoers because of the energy he brings to his sermons. Known by many as the ‘‘sing-ing and preaching’’ pastor, Rev. Harris even authored and recorded an original song, ‘‘God is a Battle Axe.’’ During the Civil Rights Move-ment, the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. often asked him to perform the song to offer encouragement at mass meetings. A char-ismatic evangelical leader and pioneer, Rev. Harris’ spiritual zeal is both infectious and highly contagious. 
Always pressing towards the mark for the 
prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus, to better improve the craft of Christian ministry and discipleship, Rev. Harris has worked tirelessly to promote Christian values and put them into action in his community. Throughout his career, Rev. Harris has played a leading role in many religious-affiliated and community-based organizations. He has also been honored with various awards and com-mendations too numerous to list here. 
Rev. Harris has accomplished many things 
in his life but none of these would have been possible without the grace of God and his lov-ing wife, Maggie, who met her eternal reward 
in 2012 after sixty-seven years of marriage; their seven children, one of whom is de-ceased; eleven grandchildren; and seven great-grandchildren. On a personal note, I have truly been blessed by Rev. Harris’ sage counsel and enduring friendship over the many years I have known him. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in paying tribute to the Reverend James Calvin Harris, Sr. for sixty-four wonderful years of leadership of Mt. Pilgrim Baptist Church, over seventy-five remarkable years of ministry, and a lifetime of selfless service to God, the church, and to humankind. 
f 
VICTIMS’ RIGHTS CAUCUS 
AWARDS 2015 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, crime vic-
tims are not statistics. 
They are real people with real stories who 
have had something bad happen to them. 
As a former judge, I used to see victims in 
my courtroom every day. 
Unfortunately, too often victims are left out 
of the criminal justice process. 
They are also many times overlooked and 
forgotten in the legislative process. 
When I came to Congress, victims did not 
have an advocate group of lawmakers on Capitol Hill. 
That is why Congressman J
IMCOSTA , a 
Democrat from California, and I, a Republican from Texas, founded the Victims’ Rights Cau-cus. 
Supporting crime victims is a bipartisan 
issue. 
This week is National Crime Victims’ Rights 
week, and the Victims’ Rights Caucus will rec-ognize those tenacious groups and individuals whose life work is to support victims. 
I was proud to nominate Truckers Against 
Trafficking for the Suzanne McDaniel Memo-rial Award for Public Awareness. 
Much like the award’s namesake, Truckers 
Against Trafficking has pioneered efforts in the victims’ rights community. 
Truckers Against Trafficking is a traveling 
nonprofit group that works to educate and raise awareness for trafficking in the trucking industry. 
These truckers know what signs to look for 
in a trafficking victim and are proactive in their efforts to rescue these victims from their traf-ficker. 
Congressman J
IMCOSTA (CA–16) recog-
nized community leader Sergeant Jeff Kertson for the Allied Professional Award. 
Sergeant Kertson oversees several units for 
the Fresno County Sheriff’s Department. 
This includes the domestic violence, elder 
abuse, sexual assault, child abuse, sex of-fender registration, missing persons/runaways units, as well as a predator program and task force. 
Sergeant Kertson really goes above and be-
yond to make victim services a priority to en-sure a safer Fresno community. 
The Ed Stout Memorial Award honors the 
legacy of the Director of Aid for Victims of Crime of St. Louis, Missouri, one of the Na-tion’s oldest three victims’ assistance organi-
zations. 
Ms. Mary Travers Murphy, nominated by 
Congressman B
RIAN HIGGINS (NY–26), has 
been a champion for domestic violence victims in her community. 
Her work as the Executive Director of the 
Family Justice Center of Erie County (FJCEC) raising funds for domestic violence victims has resulted in the opening of two suburban sat-ellite FJCEC centers in Erie County. 
Her efforts have strengthened her Erie com-
munity. 
Another community leader that deserves 
recognition is Ms. Kerri True-Funk. 
She was nominated for the Lois Haight 
Award of Excellence and Innovation by Con-gressman R
ODNEY DAVIS (IL–13). 
Kerri is the Executive Director of Rape Ad-
vocacy, Counseling and Education Services (RACES). 
Kerri has championed efforts of prevention 
and education, which makes her the perfect candidate for the Lois Haight Award, working to prevent crime before it happens. 
Kerri deserves to be honored for her work 
with RACES—reducing the occurrence of sex-ual assault among individuals with disabilities through empowerment education. 
Victim advocates are wonderful people. Many of them I have met over the years are 
even more special because they have used their personal experience to help others. 
That is what the recipient of the Eva Murillo 
Unsung Hero Award did. 
William Kellibrew, nominated by Congress-
woman E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON (DC), had a 
traumatic past but he chose to fight back. 
He is the founder of the William Kellibrew 
Foundation (WKF), a community-driven part-nership that advocates on breaking the cycles of violence and poverty. 
The WKF provides support networks for vic-
tims while they rebuild their lives. 
People like William are living examples of 
how survivors can use their experiences to empower others. 
The Victims’ Rights Caucus is also recog-
nizing Robin Smith, the founder of Video Ac-tion. 
Video Action produces training instructional 
videos to educate victim advocates. 
Robin reaches a vast audience through her 
videos which has spread awareness about vic-tims issues to victim advocates. 
Every single one of these recipients are 
warriors fighting to protect innocent victims and prevent further crimes. 
We thank them for what they do for not only 
their communities, but for our nation. 
Restoring the lives of victims is not easy 
work, but it’s the Lord’s work, saving people one at a time. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, April 
21, 2015, I was at home in Wisconsin due to an unexpected family emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following ways: on roll call no. 162 (H. Con. Res. 25)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22AP8.019 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E559 April 22, 2015 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for 
the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition—Yea. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHRIS JOONDEPH, 
DUNCAN YOST, GARRETT KRAL, AND MITCHELL MONREAL 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Chris Joondeph, Duncan Yost, Gar-rett Kral, and Mitchell Monreal for their hard work and dedication to the people of Colo-rado’s Sixth District as interns in my Wash-ington, DC office for the Spring 2015 session of Congress. 
The work of these young men has been ex-
emplary and I know they all have bright fu-tures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational oppor-tunity to these four and look forward to seeing them build their careers in public service. 
All four of our interns have made plans to 
continue their work next year with various or-ganizations in both Colorado and Washington. I am certain they will succeed in their new roles and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to rec-ognize Chris Joondeph, Duncan Yost, Garrett Kral, and Mitchell Monreal for their service this spring. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEANNE D’AGOSTINO 
RODRIGUEZ 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, today in my home 
town of Winter Park, Florida, we will lay to rest a Central Florida community leader and Amer-ican Patriot, Jeanne D’Agostino Rodriguez. 
It has been my privilege to know Jeanne 
and her family for more than four decades, and it has been my honor to call her my friend. She was a Republican stalwart, and a successful businesswoman with an untiring record of community service. We shared mu-tual passions for good government, family and faith and an appreciation of our Italian herit-age. 
The Rodriguez and D’Agostino families have 
been leading restaurateurs in Central Florida, beginning with their restaurant, La Cantina, which they sold and created the renowned Villa Nova restaurant which, over the years, received numerous culinary awards and was a Winter Park landmark. 
Jeanne, who was preceded in death by her 
beloved husband John, and two brothers, was a respected business woman and community activist. In Central Florida politics, Jeanne was the Grand Dame of the Republican Party. She worked tirelessly to build the GOP in its lean beginning years in Florida and served in coun-ty and state Republican leadership positions. She was an early champion behind successful campaigns of Republican leaders including 
United States Senator Paula Hawkins and President Ronald Reagan. Some of Jeanne’s many charitable endeavors were highlighted by her support for the Morning Star School and Bishop Grady Villas. 
Jeanne is survived by her family who she 
loved so dearly, including her children: Mark Rodriguez and wife Kim; John Rodriguez and wife Vicki; her sisters, Florence Ross and Anna Belitz Powers; her grandchildren: Jor-dan, Jared, Jenna, Jillian, Rebecca and Eliza-beth and by her great granddaughter Aylin. 
Most of all, my friend Jeanne Rodriguez 
was an American Patriot. She loved our coun-try and her family and was devoted in her Catholic faith. 
Mr. Speaker, we have lost a great Central 
Floridian and American. I ask you and our col-leagues to join me in recognizing Jeanne’s memory as she is laid to rest today in Palm Cemetery in Winter Park, Florida. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE HOUSING 
FINANCIAL LITERACY ACT OF 2015 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, to this day we, 
as a country, are still working through the dev-astating effects of the foreclosure crisis. This avoidable tragedy was caused in part by pred-atory lenders taking advantage of homebuyers who had little or no understanding of the pur-chases they were making. That is why, in rec-ognition of Financial Literacy Month, I intro-duced legislation entitled, ‘‘the Housing Finan-cial Literacy Act of 2015.’’ This bill would give first-time homebuyers who complete a Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development or HUD-certified housing counseling course a discount on their Federal Housing Administra-tion (FHA) mortgage insurance premiums of 25 basis points (or 0.25 percent). 
For many Americans, owning a home is the 
cornerstone of achieving the American Dream. Homeownership not only benefits the home-owner’s family and surrounding community, it is also linked to improved health and school performance for children. Additionally, FHA provides the gateway to affordable housing for these individuals and families. However, for many prospective first-time homeowners, the process of purchasing real estate may be con-fusing and daunting and may leave unin-formed buyers victims of unaffordable or pred-atory loans. 
The Housing Financial Literacy Act of 2015 
would motivate first-time homebuyers to seek vital pre-purchase housing counseling to al-leviate the confusion and fears associated with purchasing real estate. These housing coun-seling programs help prospective homebuyers understand their financing and down-payment options, evaluate their readiness for a home purchase and navigate what sometimes may be a confusing and difficult process. In fact, studies have shown that homebuyers who re-ceive pre-purchase housing counseling courses are nearly one-third less likely to fall behind on their mortgage, and that housing counseling can improve prospective bor-rowers’ access to affordable, prudent mort-gage loans. These programs are so important that just 
last week, HUD awarded more than $36 mil-lion in housing counseling grants to hundreds of national, regional and local organizations to help families and individuals with their housing needs and to prevent future foreclosures. Con-sequently, an additional benefit of housing counseling is a reduction in delinquencies or default by better-informed first-time home-buyers. The Housing Financial Literacy Act of 2015 would encourage first-time homebuyers to take advantage of these critical counseling resources that can increase their financial lit-eracy skills and capabilities. 
Mr. Speaker, ensuring that first-time home-
buyers have the knowledge and tools nec-essary to be successful homeowners is an ob-jective that we can all share. I would like to thank the Members of Congress who signed on as original co-sponsors of this bipartisan bill, including the Democratic and Republican Co-Chairs of the Financial Literacy Caucus, and urge my colleagues to join in our efforts to increase financial literacy by adding their names to the Housing Financial Literacy Act of 2015. 
f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE NU-
CLEAR WEAPONS ABOLITION AND ECONOMIC AND ENERGY CONVERSION ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, on Earth 
Day, I am introducing the Nuclear Weapons Abolition and Economic and Energy Conver-sion Act of 2015, a version of which I have in-troduced since 1994, after working with the District of Columbia residents who were re-sponsible for the Nuclear Disarmament and Economic Conversion ballot initiative passed by D.C. voters in 1993. This version of the bill now requires the United States to immediately begin negotiating an international agreement to disable and dismantle its nuclear weapons, to provide for strict control of fissile material and radioactive waste, and to use nuclear-free energy. 
The bill continues to provide that the funds 
used for nuclear weapons programs be redi-rected to human and infrastructure needs, such as housing, health care, Social Security, restoring the environment, and creating car-bon-free, nuclear-free energy. This conversion to a peace economy would occur when the President certifies to Congress that all coun-tries possessing nuclear weapons have begun elimination under international treaty or other legal agreement. 
The bill is particularly timely as countries of 
the world meet at the United Nations to review the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the possibility of a Nuclear Weapons Ban Treaty. 
Our country still has a long list of urgent do-
mestic needs that have been put on the back burner. As the only nation that has used nu-clear weapons in war, and that still possesses the largest nuclear weapons arsenal, I urge support for my bill to help the United States reestablish our moral leadership in the world by redirecting funds that would otherwise go to nuclear weapons for urgent domestic needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP8.021 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E560 April 22, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, on April 13, 
2015, I missed Roll Call Votes No. 145–147. 
Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call Votes No. 145 and 146. I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on 147. 
Mr. Speaker, on April 14, 2015, I missed 
Roll Call Votes No. 148–153. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call Votes No. 150 and 153. I would have voted 
‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call Votes No. 148, 149, 151 and 152. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was 
$10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,967,217,887.84. We’ve 
added $7,525,090,168,974.76 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22AP8.026 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E561 April 22, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
April 23, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 28 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine Untied 
States security policy in Europe. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
the insurance industry and insurance regulation. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, 
Fisheries, and Coast Guard 
To hold hearings to examine the re-
sources and priorities of the U.S. Coast Guard. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine creating a 
more efficient and level playing field, focusing on audit and appeals issues in Medicare. 
SD–215 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine the future 
of medical innovation for patients. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the proper 
role of judicial review in the federal regulatory process. 
SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Department of Homeland Security. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, 
Safety, and Security 
To hold hearings to examine Federal 
Aviation Administration reauthoriza-tion, focusing on aviation safety and general aviation. 
SR–253 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on biometric entry 
and exit at our ports of entry. 
SD–342 
APRIL 29 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Guard and Reserve. 
SD–192 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of Homeland Security. 
SD–342 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Subcommittee on Housing, Transpor-
tation, and Community Development 
To hold hearings to examine opportuni-
ties for private investment in public in-frastructure. 
SD–538 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine the King vs. 
Burwell Supreme Court case and con-gressional action that can be taken to protect small businesses and their em-ployees. 
SR–428A 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-
land Security 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Homeland Security. 
SD–138 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Environmental Protection Agency. 
SD–124 Committee on Armed Services 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine military 
space programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 following the open session. 
SR–222 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine S. 248, to 
clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act. 
SD–628 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Govern-
ment Accountability Office’s High Risk List and the Veterans Health Adminis-tration. 
SR–418 
APRIL 30 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States European Command programs and budget in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the National Institutes of Health. 
SD–124 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 703, to re-
authorize the weatherization and State energy programs, S. 720, to promote en-ergy savings in residential buildings and industry, and S. 858, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal fa-
cilities. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine the Bureau 
of Land Management’s final rule on hy-draulic fracturing. 
SD–366 
MAY 5 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold oversight hearings to examine 
the Federal government’s role in wild-fire management, the impact of fires on communities, and potential im-provements to be made in fire oper-ations. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M22AP8.000 E22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D425 Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2311–S2359 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-eight bills and four 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1036–1063, and S. Res. 144–147.
           Pages S2351–52 
Measures Passed: 
Medicare Independence at Home Medical Prac-
tice Demonstration Improvement Act: Committee 
on Finance was discharged from further consideration of S. 971, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare inde-pendence at home medical practice demonstration program, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S2318–19 
Cornyn (for Wyden) Amendment No. 1129, to 
make a technical correction.                                  Page S2319 
Steve Gleason Act: Senate passed S. 984, to 
amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to pro-vide Medicare beneficiary access to eye tracking ac-cessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech gener-ating devices.
                                                               Page S2319 
2015 National Crime Victims’ Rights Week: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 144, supporting the mission and goals of 2015 National Crime Victims’ Rights Week, which include increasing public awareness of the rights, needs, and concerns of, and services avail-able to assist, victims and survivors of crime in the United States.
                                                              Page S2319 
Parkinson’s Awareness Month: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 145, supporting the designation of April 2015, as ‘‘Parkinson’s Awareness Month’’.
   Page S2319 
National Assistant Principals Week: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 146, expressing support for the designation of the week of April 13 through April 
17, 2015, as ‘‘National Assistant Principals Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S2319 
Historian Emeritus Donald A. Ritchie: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 147, designating Donald A. Ritch-ie as Historian Emeritus of the United States Senate. 
                                                                                            Page S2319 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act: By a 
unanimous vote of 99 yeas (Vote No. 163), Senate passed S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking, after agreeing to the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, and taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S2312–18, S2319–48 
Adopted: 
By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 157), 
Cornyn/Murray Amendment No. 1124, to strength-en the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act by in-corporating additional bipartisan amendments. (Pur-suant to the order of Tuesday, April 21, 2015, the amendment having achieved 60 affirmative votes, was agreed to.)
                                       Pages S2313–16, S2320 
By a unanimous vote of 99 yeas (Vote No. 160), 
Brown Amendment No. 311, to direct the Attorney General to increase the amount provided under cer-tain formula grants to States that have in place laws that terminate the parental rights of men who father children through rape. (Pursuant to the order of Tuesday, April 21, 2015, the amendment having achieved 60 affirmative votes, was agreed to.) 
                                                                                    Pages S2331–32 
By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 161), 
Burr Amendment No. 1121, to require the Secretary of Defense to inform the Attorney General of persons required to register as sex offenders. (Pursuant to the order of Tuesday, April 21, 2015, the amendment having achieved 60 affirmative votes, was agreed to.) 
                                                                      Pages S2320–26, S2332 
By 97 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. 162), Grassley 
(for Kirk) Modified Amendment No. 273, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D426 April 22, 2015 
knowingly selling advertising that offers certain 
commercial sex acts. (Pursuant to the order of Tues-day, April 21, 2015, the amendment having achieved 60 affirmative votes, was agreed to.) 
                                                                Pages S2326–29, S2332–33 
Cornyn (for Klobuchar) Amendment No. 296, to 
stop exploitation through trafficking.      Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Hoeven) Modified Amendment No. 
299, to ensure that eligible entities that have only recently begun collecting data on child human traf-ficking are not precluded from being awarded certain grants.
                                                                      Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 279, to re-
quire the Attorney General of the United States to grant certain requests by State attorneys general to cross designate State and local attorneys to prosecute individuals for sex trafficking.
                    Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Wicker) Amendment No. 1126, to 
direct the Attorney General to create a publicly ac-cessible database for trafficking victims advocates that contains information about services for traf-ficking survivors.
                                               Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Flake) Amendment No. 294, to re-
quire a GAO study on the programs authorized by the bill.
                                                                   Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Cassidy/Peters) Amendment No. 308, 
to provide for the development and dissemination of evidence-based best practices for health care profes-sionals to recognize victims of a severe form of traf-ficking and respond to such individuals appro-priately.
                                                                   Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Portman) Amendment No. 1128, to 
amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to improve the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking.
                              Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Brown) Amendment No. 310, to 
allow grants under the victim-centered child human trafficking deterrence block grant program to be used for assisting law enforcement agencies in find-ing homeless and runaway youth.
             Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Brown) Amendment No. 312, to 
amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to expand the training for Federal Government personnel related to trafficking in persons. 
                                                                                    Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Heller) Amendment No. 1122, to di-
rect the Secretary of Homeland Security to train De-partment of Homeland Security personnel how to ef-fectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities.
                                          Pages S2333–37 
Cornyn (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 303, to aid 
human trafficking victims’ recovery and rehabilita-tion.
                                                                          Pages S2333–37 Rejected: By 43 yeas to 55 nays (Vote No. 156), Leahy 
Amendment No. 301, relating to justice for victims of human trafficking. (Pursuant to the order of Tues-day, April 21, 2015, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.) 
                                                                Pages S2316–18, S2319–20 
By 45 yeas to 53 nays (Vote No. 158), Cornyn 
Amendment No. 1127, to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. (Pursuant to the order of Tuesday, April 21, 2015, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                                                                     Page S2330 
By 56 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 159), Leahy 
Amendment No. 290, to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. (Pursuant to the order of Tuesday, April 21, 2015, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                                         Pages S2329–30, S2330–31 
Withdrawn: McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 1120, to 
strengthen the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act by incorporating additional bipartisan amendments. 
                                                                                    Pages S2312–13 
Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act—Referral Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehensive secu-rity assessment of the transportation security card program, be discharged from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and be referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation.
                                                  Page S2319 
Grand Canyon Bison Management Act—Referral Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was 
reached providing that S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park, be discharged from the Committee on Environment and Public Works and be referred to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
                                                    Page S2319 
Lynch Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent-time agreement was reached providing that at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, April 23, 2015, notwithstanding Rule XXII, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General; that there be 2 hours of debate, equally divided in the usual form, prior to the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination; that if cloture is invoked, there be up to 2 hours of post-cloture debate equally divided between the two Leaders, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on con-firmation of the nomination.
                               Page S2359 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D427 April 22, 2015 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2351 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2351 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2351 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2352–53 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2353–58 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S2351 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2358 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2358–59 
Record Votes: Eight record votes were taken today. 
(Total—163)                        Pages S2319–20, S2330–33, S2338 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 4:34 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, April 23, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2359.) 
Motion to Adjourn: Senate agreed to the motion to 
adjourn.
                                                                           Page S2359 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Transportation, after receiving testimony from Anthony Foxx, Sec-retary of Transportation. 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEFENSE INNOVATION 
AND RESEARCH 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for defense innovation and research, after receiving testimony from Frank Kendall, Under Sec-retary for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Alan Shaffer, Acting Assistant Secretary for Develop-ment Research and Engineering, and Arati Prabhakar, Director, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), all of the Department of Defense. 
APPROPRIATIONS: FEMA 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency (FEMA), after receiving testimony 
from W. Craig Fugate, Administrator, Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, Department of Home-land Security. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness and Management Support concluded a hearing to examine reform of the defense acquisition system in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, after receiving testimony from Heidi Shyu, Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Lo-gistics and Technology, Sean J. Stackley, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development and Acquisition, and William A. LaPlante, Assistant Sec-retary of the Air Force for Acquisition, all of the De-partment of Defense. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine Air Force and Navy nuclear programs and the imple-mentation of nuclear enterprise review recommenda-tions in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Major Gen-eral Garrett Harencak, USAF, Assistant Chief of Staff, Strategic Deterrence and Nuclear Integration, Lieutenant General Stephen W. Wilson, USAF, Commander, Air Force Global Strike Command, Vice Admiral Terry J. Benedict, USN, Director, Strategic Systems Programs, and Yisroel E. Brumer, Director, Strategic, Defensive and Space Programs, Office of the Secretary, Cost Assessment and Pro-gram Evaluation, all of the Department of Defense; and Madelyn R. Creedon, Deputy Administrator, National Nuclear Security Administration, Depart-ment of Energy. 
WEATHER COMMUNICATION TO ENHANCE 
COMMERCE AND SAFETY 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine how to better communicate weather to enhance commerce and safety, after receiving testimony from Don Hermey, Manatee County Emergency Management, Bradenton, Florida; Jay Trobec, Keloland Television, 
Sioux Falls, South Dakota; Ron Sznaider, Schneider Electric, Minneapolis, Minnesota; and Kim Klockow, University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, Silver Spring, Maryland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D428 April 22, 2015 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine reauthorization of and potential reforms to the Land and Water Con-servation Fund, after receiving testimony from Mi-chael Connor, Deputy Secretary of the Interior; Lewis Ledford, National Association of State Park Direc-tors, Raleigh, North Carolina; Lynn Scarlett, The Nature Conservancy, Arlington, Virginia; and Reed Watson, Property and Environment Research Center (PERC), Bozeman, Montana. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tion of Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member and Chairperson of the Chem-ical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board, after the nominee testified and answered questions in her own behalf. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Finance: Committee began consideration 
of S. 995, to establish congressional trade negoti-ating objectives and enhanced consultation require-ments for trade negotiations, to provide for consider-ation of trade agreements, an original bill relating to extension of the trade adjustment assistance program, and amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the credit for health insurance costs of certain eligible individuals, an original bill to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the pref-erential duty treatment program for Haiti, and an original bill to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities. 
STATE DEPARTMENT REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine State Department reauthoriza-tion, focusing on ensuring effective United States di-plomacy within a reasonable budget, after receiving testimony from Heather Higginbotom, Deputy Sec-
retary of State for Management and Resources. 
SECURING THE BORDER 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine se-
curing the border, focusing on understanding threats and strategies for the northern border, after receiving testimony from Michael Fisher, Chief, Border Patrol, and John Wagner, Deputy Assistant Commissioner, Office of Field Operations, both of Customs and Border Protection, and James C. Spero, Special Agent in Charge, Homeland Security Investigations Buffalo, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, all of the Department of Homeland Security; Dave Rodriguez, Director, Northwest High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, Office of National Drug Control Policy; and Richard S. Hartunian, United States Attorney, Northern District of New York, Department of Justice. 
TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine tribal transportation, focusing on pathways to safer roads in Indian coun-try, after receiving testimony from Michael Black, Director, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Delbert A. McOmie, Wyoming Depart-ment of Transportation Chief Engineer, Cheyenne; J. Michael Chavarria, Pueblo of Santa Clara, Espanola, New Mexico; Rick Kirn, Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes of the Fort Peck Reservation, Poplar, Mon-tana; and John Smith, Northern Arapaho and East-ern Shoshone Tribes of the Wind River Indian Res-ervation, Fort Washakie, Wyoming. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 710, to reauthorize the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determina-tion Act of 1996, with an amendment. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 55 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1926–1980; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 219, were introduced.
                                     Pages H2415–17 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2419–20 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Collins (GA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H2359 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:55 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H2365 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D429 April 22, 2015 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Tom Tucker, Sisk Memo-rial Baptist Church, Fort Mill, South Carolina. 
                                                                                            Page H2365 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advi-sory Boards Act: The House passed H.R. 1195, to 
amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 167. 
                                                                                    Pages H2378–81 
Rejected the Kuster motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Financial Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 234 noes, Roll No. 166.
                          Pages H2379–80 
Agreed to: 
Kuster amendment (No. 1 printed in part D of 
H. Rept. 114–74) that was debated on April 21st that requires the CFPB Director to include rep-resentatives of minority- and women-owned small business concerns in the membership of the Small Business Advisory Board, and to include financial in-stitutions predominantly serving traditionally under- served communities and populations and their inter-ests in the membership of the Credit Union Advi-sory Council and Community Bank Advisory Coun-cil (by a recorded vote of 244 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 165).
                                                                       Page H2378 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Takai wherein he resigned from the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources.                               Page H2381 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
219, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H2381 
Protecting Cyber Networks Act: The House 
passed H.R. 1560, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, by a recorded vote of 307 ayes to 116 noes, Roll No. 170. 
                                                                                    Pages H2381–98 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence printed in the bill shall be considered as read.
                                  Page H2386 
Rejected the Rice (NY) motion to recommit the 
bill to the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a re-corded vote of 183 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 169. 
                                                                                    Pages H2396–97 
Agreed to: 
Nunes amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. 
Rept. 114–88) that makes technical changes to sev-eral sections of the bill and clarifies the authorization for the use of defensive measures. Further clarifies the liability protections for network monitoring and 
sharing and receipt of cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures.
                                                        Page H2391 
Ca´rdenas amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–88) that instructs the SBA to provide assistance to small businesses and small financial in-stitutions to participate under this section, instructs the SBA to generate a report about such entities par-ticipation, and instructs the federal government to engage in out reach to encourage small business and small financial institution participation. 
                                                                                    Pages H2391–92 
Carson (IN) amendment (No. 3 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–88) that adds the requirement that the Inspector General report on current procedures pertaining to the sharing of information, removal procedures for personal information or information identifying a specific person, and any incidents per-taining to the improper treatment of information. 
                                                                                    Pages H2392–93 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 5 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–88) that directs the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to provide a report to 
Congress on the actions taken by the Federal Gov-ernment to remove personal information from data shared through the programs established by this statute.
                                                                    Pages H2394–95 
Mulvaney amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–88) that sunsets the provisions of the bill after 7 years (by a recorded vote of 313 ayes to 110 noes, Roll No. 168).
           Pages H2393–94, H2395–96 
H. Res. 212, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1560) and (H.R. 1731), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 164, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 163.
                                          Pages H2368–78 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, April 23.
                          Pages H2398 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today and appears on page H2378. 
Senate Referrals: S. 984 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means. S. 971 was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
                                   Page H2414 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
six recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2376–77, H2377–78, H2378, H2380, H2380–81, H2395–96, H2397, and H2397–98. There were no quorum calls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D430 April 22, 2015 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:26 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE U.S. GRAIN STANDARDS ACT 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on General 
Farm Commodities and Risk Management held a hearing to review reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE LIVESTOCK 
MANDATORY REPORTING ACT 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Livestock 
and Foreign Agriculture held a hearing to review re-authorization of the Livestock Mandatory Reporting Act. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on Energy and Water Appropriations Bill, FY 2016; and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill, FY 2016; and a Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2016. The Energy and Water Appropriations Bill, FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Bill, FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. The Report on the Suballocation of Budg-et Allocations for FY 2016 passed, without amend-ment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities held a markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. H.R. 1735 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness held a markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. H.R. 1735 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
EXAMINING THE CHALLENGES FACING 
NATIVE AMERICAN SCHOOLS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Challenges Facing Native American Schools’’. Testimony was heard from Melissa Emrey- Arras, Director of Education, Workforce, and Income Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; 
and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a markup on the ‘‘Ratepayer Protection Act’’. The ‘‘Ratepayer Protection Act’’ was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a markup on the ‘‘Targeting Rogue and Opaque Letters (TROL) Act’’. The ‘‘Targeting Rogue and Opaque Letters (TROL) Act’’ was forwarded to the full com-mittee, as amended. 
A SURVEY OF GLOBAL TERRORISM AND 
TERRORIST FINANCING 
Committee on Financial Services: Task Force to Inves-
tigate Terrorism Financing held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Survey of Global Terrorism and Terrorist Financ-ing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN: CAN’T 
TRUST, CAN WE VERIFY? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Agreement with Iran: Can’t Trust, Can We Verify?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ACCOUNTABILITY AND 
TRANSFORMATION: TIER RANKINGS IN THE FIGHT AGAINST HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ac-countability and Transformation: Tier Rankings in the Fight Against Human Trafficking’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
POACHING AND TERRORISM: A NATIONAL 
SECURITY CHALLENGE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Poaching and Terrorism: A National Secu-rity Challenge’’. Testimony was heard from Judith G. Garber, Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Oceans and International and Environmental and Scientific Affairs, Department of State; Robert Dreher, Associate Director, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior; and John Cruden, Assistant Attorney General, Environment and Nat-ural Resources Division, Department of Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D431 April 22, 2015 
STRATEGIC PERSPECTIVES ON THE 
BIOTERRORISM THREAT 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strategic Perspectives on the Bioterrorism Threat’’. Testimony was heard from Marisa Raphael, Deputy Commissioner, Office of Emergency Planning and Response, New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene; and public witnesses. 
ACQUISITION OVERSIGHT: HOW 
EFFECTIVELY IS DHS SAFEGUARDING TAXPAYER DOLLARS? 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Oversight: How Effectively Is DHS Safeguarding Taxpayer Dollars?’’. Testimony was heard from Michele Mackin, Director, Acquisi-tion and Sourcing Management, Government Ac-countability Office; Chip Fulghum, Acting Deputy Undersecretary for Management and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security; and a public witness. 
INNOVATIONS IN SAFETY SINCE THE 2010 
MACONDO INCIDENT 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Innovations in Safety Since the 2010 Macondo Incident’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Brian Salerno (USCG, Retired), Direc-tor, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforce-ment, Department of the Interior; and public wit-nesses. 
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION’S PART 83 
REVISIONS AND HOW THEY MAY ALLOW THE INTERIOR DEPARTMENT TO CREATE TRIBES, NOT RECOGNIZE THEM 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-
dian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Obama Administration’s Part 83 Revisions and How They May Allow the Interior Department to Create Tribes, not Recognize Them’’. Testimony was heard from Senator Blumenthal; Kevin K. Washburn, Assistant Secretary, Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior; and public wit-nesses. 
EXAMINING THE DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY’S EXCESS URANIUM MANAGEMENT PLAN 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on the Interior held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Department of Energy’s Excess Ura-nium Management Plan’’. Testimony was heard from John Kotek, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Nuclear Energy, Department of Energy; 
David Trimble, Director, Natural Resources and En-vironment, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
ENHANCING CYBERSECURITY OF THIRD- 
PARTY CONTRACTORS AND VENDORS 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Enhancing Cy-bersecurity of Third-Party Contractors and Vendors’’. Testimony was heard from Tony Scott, Chief Infor-mation Officer and Administrator, Office of Elec-tronic Government and Information Technology, Of-fice of Management and Budget; Donna K. Seymour, Chief Information Officer, Office of Personnel Man-agement; Gregory C. Wilshusen, Director of Infor-mation Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; and Eric A. Fischer, Senior Specialist in Science and Technology, Congressional Research Service. 
AMERICA COMPETES REAUTHORIZATION 
ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. H.R. 1806 was ordered reported, as amended. 
SMALL BUSINESS, BIG THREAT 
PROTECTING SMALL BUSINESSES FROM CYBER ATTACKS 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business, Big Threat: Pro-tecting Small Businesses from Cyber Attacks’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
A REVIEW OF THE PRESIDENT’S FISCAL 
YEAR 2016 BUDGET REQUEST FOR THE UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS AND TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for the United States Army Corps of Engineers and Tennessee Val-ley Authority’’. Testimony was heard from Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works; Lieutenant General Thomas P. Bostick, Chief of En-gineers, Army Corps of Engineers; and William Johnson, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ten-nessee Valley Authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D432 April 22, 2015 
PHILADELPHIA AND OAKLAND: SYSTEMIC 
FAILURES AND MISMANAGEMENT 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Philadelphia and Oakland: Sys-
temic Failures and Mismanagement’’. Testimony was heard from Linda Halliday, Assistant Inspector Gen-eral for Audits and Evaluations, Office of Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs; Danny G.I. Pummill, Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Ben-efits, Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
THE 2015 TAX FILING SEASON AND 
GENERAL OPERATIONS AT THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Oversight held a hearing on the 2015 tax filing sea-son and general operations at the Internal Revenue Service. Testimony was heard from John Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service. 
THE EXPANDING AMERICAN TRADE WITH 
ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANSPARENCY 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a hearing on the expanding American trade with ac-countability and transparency. Testimony was heard from Penny S. Pritzker, Secretary, Department of Commerce; Jacob J. Lew, Secretary, Department of the Treasury; and Thomas J. Vilsack, Secretary, De-partment of Agriculture. 
UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR 
INTELLIGENCE BUDGET 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-
committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture held a hearing on Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence budget. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
APRIL 23, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine surface transportation reauthor-ization, focusing on building on the successes of the Mov-ing Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act 
(MAP–21) to deliver safe, efficient, and effective public transportation services and projects, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Administra-tion reauthorization, focusing on airport issues and infra-structure financing, 9:45 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Finance: Subcommittee on Health Care, to 
hold hearings to examine the impact of the medical de-vice tax on jobs, innovation, and patients, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 
nominations of Anne Elizabeth Wall, of Illinois, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury, Brodi L. Fontenot, of Louisiana, to be Chief Financial Officer, De-partment of the Treasury, and Rafael J. Lopez, of Cali-fornia, to be Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, 2 p.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Africa 
and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA), 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 993, to increase public safety by facilitating collabora-tion among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and sub-stance abuse systems, and the nominations of Sally Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be Deputy Attorney Gen-eral, Department of Justice, Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Vir-ginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit, and Roseann A. Ketchmark, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Inter-
est, to hold hearings to examine the Administration’s Central American minors refugee/parole program, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: business 
meeting to consider S. 552, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide for increased limita-tions on leverage for multiple licenses under common control, S. 957, to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs, S. 958, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for team and joint venture offers for certain contracts, S. 966, to extend the low-in-terest refinancing provisions under the Local Develop-ment Business Loan Program of the Small Business Ad-ministration, S. 967, to require the Small Business Ad-ministration to make information relating to lenders making covered loans publicly available, S. 999, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for improve-ments to small business development centers, S. 1001, to establish authorization levels for general business loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘SCORE for Small Business Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\D22AP5.REC D22AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D433 April 22, 2015 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Home-
land Security, hearing on United States Customs and Bor-der Protection budget, 8 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, markup on ap-
propriations bill, FY 2016, 11 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. 
Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hearing on Fed-
eral Emergency Management Agency budget, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, 
and Education, hearing on Programs Supporting Native Americans budget, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Tactical 
Air and Land Forces, markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Military Personnel, markup on H.R. 
1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 9:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, 
markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, markup on H.R. 
1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 12 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America’s Workers: An Enforcement Update from the Mine Safety and Health Administration’’, 9 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Title II: 21st Century Workforce’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Combatting the Opioid Abuse Epidemic: Pro-fessional and Academic Perspectives’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Regulatory Burdens—Regulator Perspec-tive’’, 9:15 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 237, the ‘‘FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 500, the ‘‘Survivors of Human Trafficking Empowerment Act’’; H.R. 907, the ‘‘United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1493, the ‘‘Pro-tect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act’’; H.R. 1567, the ‘‘Global Food Security Act of 2015’’; H. Res. 50, calling for the release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was captured by Russian forces 
in Eastern Ukraine and has been held illegally in a Rus-sian prison since July 2014; and H. Con. Res 40, encour-
aging reunions of divided Korean American families, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled 
‘‘The U.S. Rebalance in East Asia: Budget Priorities for FY 2016’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘The Devastating Impacts of Wildland Fires and the Need to Better Manage our Over-grown, Fire-prone National Forests’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hydraulic Fracturing: Banning Proven Technologies on Possibilities Instead of Prob-abilities’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, 
hearing on draft legislation to improve reproductive treat-ment provided to certain disabled veterans; draft legisla-tion to direct the Department of Veterans Affairs to sub-mit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administra-tion; H.R. 1769, the ‘‘Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015’’; H.R. 271, the ‘‘COVER Act’’; H.R. 627, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the defini-tion of homeless veteran for purposes of benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs; H.R. 1369, the ‘‘Veterans Access to Extended Care Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways And Means, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 1891, to extend the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes; H.R. 1890, the ‘‘Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1892, to extend the trade adjustment assistance program, and for other purposes; H.R. 1907, to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, 9 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Subcommittee 
on Emerging Threats, hearing on Department of Energy and Department of Homeland Security budget, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold 
hearings to examine the Armenian genocide and the on-going quest for justice, 1:30 p.m., 2175 Rayburn Build-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD434 April 22, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, April 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General. At approximately 11:30 a.m., Sen-ate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomina-tion. At approximately 1:30 p.m., Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, April 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 1731— 
National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E549 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E559 Bishop, Mike, Mich., E550 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E555, E558 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E552, E555 Chu, Judy, Calif, E549 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E556 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E559, E560 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E550 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E557 Costa, Jim, Calif., E555 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E551 
DeGette, Diana, Colo., E553 Duffy, Sean P., Wisc., E558 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E560 Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E557 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E550 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E554 Green, Gene, Tex., E552 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E553 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E551, E553 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E553 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E551 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E551 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E554 
Meadows, Mark, N.C., E556 Mica, John L., Fla., E559 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E557 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E559 Poe, Ted, Tex., E558 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E549 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E550 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E556 Shimkus, John, Ill., E549 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E552, E555 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22AP5.REC D22APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST