Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9209 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2015 No. 179 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: WASHINGTON , DC, 
December 10, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable E VAN H. 
JENKINS to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-
nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
NOTICE 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congres-
sional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
to insert statements. 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
the signed statement, or by e-mail to the Official Reporters of Debates at ‘‘Record@Sec.Senate.gov’’. 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by e-mail, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/research-and-reference/transcripts-and-records/electronic-congressional-record-inserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
By order of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
GREGG HARPER, Chairman. 
BOOKS ’N FRIENDS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, it is always 
a joy for me to kick off the holiday season in Sparta, North Carolina, at the annual Christmas parade down Main Street. As I visited with folks at this year’s 
parade, I was reminded again how spe-cial Alleghany County and its people 
are. The pride that they take in their community is apparent in everything they do. It is especially evident in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.000 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9210 December 10, 2015 
hardworking volunteers who donate so 
much time because they love their hometown and fellow citizens. 
A great example of this generosity is 
seen at Books ’n Friends, a nonprofit used bookstore owned by the friends of the Alleghany County Library. Since 2003, volunteers like Alice Keighton, Joyce Speas, and many others have do-nated their time at the bookstore, whose profits provide funding for ac-tivities and necessities at the library. 
This support makes quite a difference 
and helps the library inform and edu-cate the citizens of Alleghany County. 
My deepest appreciation to all of the 
friends of the library and all the won-derful volunteers in Alleghany County, who do so much to make it such a spe-cial place to live, work, and visit. 
f 
CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
there has been a great deal of discus-sion about trade agreements, but there is another important piece of legisla-tion that deals with Customs. This is an often obscure element, but it makes a huge difference to be able to manage the hundreds of billions of dollars of products that leave the United States and those that are imported. 
The Customs bill represents impor-
tant work by our Ways and Means Committee and our colleagues in the Senate Finance Committee finally reaching conclusion. I am pleased with many of the key results. It includes items that are not in the headlines, but are very important to the people that I represent. 
For example, the legislation will help 
our growing outdoor industry by cre-ating new definitions and tariff classi-fications for recreational performance outerwear. 
It reduces costly taxes on outdoor 
footwear, which both supports the out-door recreation industry and makes it more affordable for people to get out-side and enjoy our beautiful parks and trails. 
It includes the full ENFORCE Act, 
requiring immediate action to inves-tigate and address trade cheaters and take measures to stop those who con-tinually attempt to circumvent the penalties already imposed upon them. 
As our trade agreements become 
more complex, so, too, has trade en-forcement. We can no longer rely on a handful of agencies to effectively pro-tect our market from tax cheaters. It requires a whole government approach, and this is why it is critical to see the bill permanently establish the Inter-agency Trade Enforcement Center to centralize and enhance trade enforce-ment efforts. 
It finally puts into law a ban on the 
import of goods made with child and forced labor. This will reshape markets and provide additional tools to con-front horrific work conditions around 
the world. 
Very important for me, it will help 
ensure our trade agreements actually are enforced. A lack of enforcement is a justifiable criticism of people who are skeptical of trade agreements, who wonder is it worth the paper that it is printed on to have labor and environ-mental protections. 
Well, the greatest obstacle to en-
forcement has been lack of resources. Enforcing trade agreements is expen-sive, time consuming, and highly com-plex. That is why I fought hard to in-clude in this legislation elements that I have introduced, along with Senator M
ARIA CANTWELL , the Trade STRONG-
ER Act, which creates a trade enforce-ment and capacity-building fund which would not only provide more resources for the enforcement of labor and envi-ronment violations, but helps the fund managed by the USTR be accessible government-wide, not only for enforce-ment, but for in-country capacity building, helping our current and fu-ture trading partners implement the labor and environmental provisions they have committed to. 
This is an important step forward be-
cause, regardless of what one feels about a particular trade treaty, I think everyone agrees they ought to be en-
forced. 
This Customs bill, in addition to pro-
moting the trade process more effec-tively and providing relief for some in-equitable treatment for products so im-portant to my constituents, establishes more resources to make sure our trade agreements are, in fact, enforced. 
This has been the result of long and 
arduous negotiations, but done in a spirit of cooperation and goodwill. 
I particularly want to thank the ef-
forts of Speaker P
AULRYANand Ways 
and Means Committee Chair K EVIN 
BRADY , who have worked with me in a 
spirit of cooperation to make sure the enforcement provisions are effective. I appreciate this. 
I think this will be an achievement 
that we all should support because we will all benefit from it. 
f 
E-FREE ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to tell the story of Kathryn Frederickson of Maryland. Kathryn is one of the tens of thousands of women that have been harmed by a permanent sterilization device, the medical device known as Essure. 
Essure was recommended as the opti-
mal birth control solution for Kathryn, despite a pre-existing autoimmune con-dition and a known nickel allergy. After the procedure, she felt severe pain, extreme bleeding, vomiting, and rashes, caused by the nickel-based de-vice. 
After 3 weeks of pain and discomfort, 
Kathryn paid $7,000 out of pocket to re-move the device. One coil was found in 
her uterus. She lost 2 months of work and of her life. Kat’s health has never been the same. 
I rise as a voice for the Essure Sisters 
to tell this Chamber that their stories are real, their pain is real, and that their fight is real. 
Mr. Speaker, my bill, the E-Free Act, 
can halt this tragedy by removing this dangerous device from the market. Too many women have been harmed. 
So I urge my colleagues to join this 
fight and to join the bill because sto-ries like Kathryn’s are too important to ignore. 
f 
THE MOST EFFECTIVE DEFENSE 
AGAINST AN ARMED TERRORIST IS AN ARMED AMERICAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, ever 
since the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, leftist politicians have called for more restrictions on gun ownership for Americans. These are the same politicians who have worked for years to open our Nation to unprece-dented and indiscriminate immigration from hotbeds of Islamic extremism. 
The most effective defense against an 
armed terrorist is an armed American. If one person in that room in San Bernardino had been able to return fire, many innocent lives would have been saved. But Californians are sub-ject to the most restrictive gun laws in the country, making it very difficult for law-abiding citizens to exercise their Second Amendment right to de-fend themselves. In a society denied its right of self-defense, the gunman is king. 
I repeat: the most effective defense 
against an armed terrorist is an armed American. Yet, the President and his followers seek to increase the number of terrorists entering through porous borders and lax immigration laws while, at the same time, seeking to de-crease the number of armed Americans. 
Their latest ploy was announced by 
the President on Sunday and has been parroted by his Congressional allies this week, to the point of disrupting the work of the House. 
In the President’s words, ‘‘Congress 
should act to make sure no one on a no-fly list is able to buy a gun.’’ He asked: What could possibly be the argu-ment against that? 
Well, while serving in the California 
State Senate a decade ago, I discovered suddenly I couldn’t check in for a flight. When I asked why, I was told I was on this government list. The expe-rience was absolutely Kafkaesque. 
My first reaction was to ask, ‘‘Well, 
why am I on that list? 
‘‘Well, we can’t tell you. 
‘‘Well, what criteria do you use? ‘‘That is classified. ‘‘How do I get off that list? ‘‘You can’t.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.002 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9211 December 10, 2015 
I soon discovered that another Cali-
fornia State Senator had been placed on that list. A few months later, U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy found himself on that list. 
I at least had the Office of the Ser-
geant at Arms of the State Senate to work through, something an ordinary American would not. Even so, it took months of working through that office with repeated petitions to the govern-ment to get my name removed from that list. 
The farce of it all was this: I was ad-
vised, in the meantime, just to fly under my middle name, which I did without incident. 
In my case, it turns out it was a case 
of mistaken identity with an IRA ac-tivist the British Government was mad at. This could happen to any American. 
The fine point of it is this: During 
this administration, the IRS has been used extensively to harass and intimi-date ordinary Americans for exercising their First Amendment rights. 
What the President proposes is that, 
on the whim of any Federal bureau-crat, an American can be denied their Second Amendment rights as well with no opportunity to confront their ac-cuser, contest the evidence, or avail themselves of any of their other due process rights under the Constitution. 
The concept that the left is seeking 
to instill in our law is that mere sus-picion by a bureaucrat is sufficient to deny law-abiding American citizens their constitutional rights under the law. Given the left’s demonstrated hos-tility to freedom of speech and due process of law, it is not hard to see where this is leading us. 
I would support the President’s pro-
posal if it established a judicial process where an individual could only be placed on this list once he had been ac-corded his constitutional rights to be informed of the charges, to be given his day in court, to be accorded the right to confront his accuser and contest the evidence against him and submit him-self to a decision by a jury of his peers. But that is the farthest thing from the left’s agenda. 
The President’s proposal would have 
done nothing to stop the carnage in San Bernardino, where the terrorists were not on any watch list. Indeed, one was admitted from Saudi Arabia after the vetting that the President keeps assuring us is rigorous and thorough. And several of the guns used in this massacre weren’t even acquired di-rectly but, rather, through a third party. 
Of course the American people don’t 
want terrorists to have guns. The American people don’t want terrorists in our country in the first place. But the President’s policies have left our Nation’s gate wide open while he seeks to take from Americans their means of self-defense. 
So I leave off as I began. The best de-
fense against an armed terrorist is an armed American. That is what the Sec-ond Amendment is all about. It is an absolutely essential pillar of our secu-
rity. 
Our Constitution is our best defense 
of all. It must be defended against all enemies, foreign and domestic. 
f 
FRENCH RAIL/HOLOCAUST 
SETTLEMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to raise awareness about Holocaust survivors’ continued quest for justice, an ever-elusive goal still nearly three-quarters of a century after living through the crimes of mod-ern humanity’s darkest period. 
Though it is said that the moral 
universe’s arc bends toward justice, time is not a luxury we can afford any longer for elderly Holocaust survivors. 
b1015 
Of the approximately half a million 
Holocaust survivors, around half of them live at or near poverty. Can you imagine that? Holocaust survivors should be able to live out the remain-ing days in comfort and with the knowledge that their long-sought jus-tice has finally been achieved. 
Recently, Mr. Speaker, an agreement 
was reached between the Government of France and the United States re-garding victims of Holocaust-related deportations during the Nazi era. The French rail company, SNCF, know-ingly and willfully transported tens of thousands of Holocaust victims to con-centration camps and near certain death during the Second World War. They were paid to do this. 
For over 70 years, SNCF, the French 
rail company and the French Govern-ment eluded any and all responsibility for these actions. For years, I have been fighting for justice for all victims of the Holocaust. 
On this issue in particular, I have 
joined Representative C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York as she at-
tempted to shepherd the Holocaust Rail Justice Act through Congress over the past few sessions. I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York for her leadership and her unyielding ef-fort to hold SNCF accountable for its heinous actions. 
While the agreement reached over 
SNCF’s—remember, that is the French rail company—culpability in the deaths of tens of thousands of Jews is not the optimal solution, it is impera-tive that we do hold these perpetrators accountable and that we win justice for as many Holocaust survivors and their heirs as possible. 
However, Mr. Speaker, it is impor-
tant that Holocaust survivors and their families are made aware of this agree-ment and the claims process. Many do not know of this. 
For more information, questions, and 
to file a claim, the State Department has set up a Web site at www.state.gov/ deportationclaims.com. I know that is 
very difficult. Or you can call 202–776– 8385, or send an email to deportationclaims@state.gov. 
That is a lot to take in. Or contact your congressional Rep-
resentative, and we can help. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to 
spread the word to make sure that every Holocaust survivor eligible gets an opportunity to file a claim. I want to thank the continued efforts and the support of the many Holocaust sur-vivors that I am blessed to have in my congressional district who have been at the forefront in the fight for justice for survivors and their heirs. 
My good friends, David Mermelstein, 
David Schaecter, Joe Sachs, Alex Gross, Herbie Karliner, Jack Rubin, and so many others—they have seen the unforgettable, and they have lived through the unthinkable. Yet, they continue steadfast in the fight for jus-tice against those who have committed the unforgivable and the unthinkable. 
I, also, want to thank the others who 
have pursued justice for these individ-uals at every turn, like my good friend and long-time constituent, Sam Dubbin. Sam has been instrumental in highlighting fraud at the Claims Con-ference, that we know now, very clear-ly, occurred over decades and deprived Holocaust survivors of at least tens of millions of dollars, and the real num-bers are likely even higher. 
Next year, Mr. Speaker, I plan to in-
troduce my bill, once again, to allow survivors to have their day in court. That is all the bill does, to have their day in court, because we now know that the Claims Conference process has failed so many of the Holocaust sur-vivors. 
Mr. Speaker, time is of the essence. 
We owe survivors and their heirs every opportunity to achieve justice. I urge my colleagues to continue this fight on behalf of the remaining Holocaust sur-vivors and their heirs to get the word out to their constituents and their local community leaders. 
If you know someone who may be eli-
gible to receive compensation under this incredibly horrific act done by the French rail company to transport vic-tims to certain death, please direct them to the State Department Web site. The deadline is May 31 next year. Let’s get the word out as soon and as far as possible. 
f 
IRAN IS UNTRUSTWORTHY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I certainly 
want to start by thanking my good friend and colleague from Florida for her efforts in trying to make sure we are doing all we can for the Holocaust survivors. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that 
these are very turbulent and fast-mov-ing times. As we train our focus on ISIS, however, I think it would be a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.003 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9212 December 10, 2015 
very foolish mistake if we lose sight of 
the terror threat from Iran, the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. 
In the past week, two alarming devel-
opments have exposed why Iran cannot be trusted: 
First, a December 2 report from the 
International Atomic Energy Agency revealed that Iran had previously been working on nuclear weapons. 
That is right, Mr. Speaker. Despite 
Iran’s repeated insistence that its nu-clear program had only been for peace-ful purposes, the IAEA report makes clear that Iran had an active nuclear weapons program. 
In short, Iran lied, and it has been 
telling a very big lie for some time. This deceit is precisely why we must not close the book on uncovering Iran’s past nuclear efforts. 
Second, Mr. Speaker, it has now been 
reported that on November 21, Iran tested a ballistic missile, one capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. This is a breach of multiple United Nations Security Council resolutions and is in obvious defiance of the 8-year ban on ballistic missile work that was part of the nuclear agreement. 
This is Iran’s second such launch of a 
ballistic missile since the conclusion of the nuclear agreement. Regrettably, no such action has been taken against Iran for that first test in October. In-stead, the U.N. Security Council is still debating on how to respond. They are still debating. What message does that send? 
Mr. Speaker, Iran cannot be given a 
pass for these flagrant provocations. A failure to forcibly respond now with re-percussions will only encourage Iran to incrementally cheat in the future again and again, as it already has. 
The unavoidable truth is that simply 
looking the other way so as not to ruf-fle any feathers in Tehran will neither bring peace nor an end to belligerent behavior from the Iranians. We know that Iran cannot be trusted, plain and simple. We know that Iran will con-tinue to test the world’s resolve. 
The real question now, Mr. Speaker, 
is whether the world will even be inter-ested in responding. It is time for our voices to be heard loud and clear. The United States must step forward and lead. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 22 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at noon. PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Merciful God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
As the two parties negotiate the 
funding of government in these waning days of the first session, grant them a surfeit of wisdom and a spirit of co-operation in ongoing negotiations. 
Continue to bless our Nation with a 
sense of peace and healing as the vic-tims of San Bernardino are being laid to rest. During this holy season, con-tinue to be with us. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P AUL-
SEN) come forward and lead the House 
in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. PAULSEN led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT SHOULD CHANGE 
COURSE 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, it is sad to me that it took the President 5 days to identify the at-tack in San Bernardino as terrorism. After I heard the tragic news last Wednesday, I knew in 5 seconds it was a terrorist attack. 
The President needs to revisit the 
9/11 Memorial in New York City, which clearly establishes the timeline of the global war on terrorism. He can see copies of fatwas by Islamic extremists declaring war on modern civilization dated in 1996. The war has never stopped. 
The Second Amendment’s right to 
bear arms has never been more impor-tant for citizens to protect their fami-lies. The thought that gun control can stop terrorism is a diversion from the real threats. This was revealed by the mass murders in Paris, despite French 
strict gun control. 
In the past weeks, the terrorists’ 
mass murders have been horrifying, of 
Lebanese, Russians, and French, along with Americans in Iraq, Israel, Paris, and San Bernardino, of Muslims, Chris-tians, and Jews. 
The President should change course 
to actually destroy ISIL, not just give pathetic political lectures. We are fac-ing an enemy that requires us to set aside partisanship to protect American families. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
SOLAR INVESTMENT TAX CREDIT 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, notably 
absent from the tax extenders bill re-leased this week is a provision on which 174,000 American jobs depend. 
The solar investment tax credit, a 30 
percent credit for the installation of solar on residential and commercial properties, was implemented in 2006. The result has been an annual growth of 73 percent. 
That growth allowed the industry to 
develop panels that have soared in effi-ciency and plummeted in price. Solar is our fastest growing energy source and is responsible for 40 percent of all new generating capacity brought on-line this year. Solar employment is growing at a rate 20 times higher than the overall economy. 
If the solar investment tax credit is 
not extended, that growth will stop, de-mand will drop by 71 percent, and 100,000 jobs will be lost; but a 5-year ex-tension would create 60,000 jobs and allow the industry to come to matu-rity. 
Mr. Speaker, tax legislation that 
does not include the solar investment tax credit is not serious about creating American jobs. I urge its inclusion. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MARY 
CALDWELL PLUMER 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor and celebrate the life of a patriot and dear friend, Mary Caldwell Plumer, known as Mere. 
Mere accomplished so much through-
out her long and rewarding life and did it with a constant smile and positive outlook. We treasured the moments we had with Mere because we knew we could not have her forever. 
As per her wish, I will not stand by 
her grave and cry but adhere to the standards she established and always maintained of loving life and each other. Her friends, family, and loved ones admired her, and we were blessed to have known her. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.005 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9213 December 10, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, Mere is now reunited 
with her husband of 45 years, Dick, and two of her children, Penny and Chris-topher. Though Heaven has gained her, we have not lost her; and we will never lose her, for she is rooted in our hearts and in our memories now and forever. 
Mere is survived by her daughter and 
son-in-law, Patience and Charles Flick; her son, Richard; and her three loving grandchildren, Penny, Bonnie, and Wil-lis Flick. 
May God bless and keep Mary 
Caldwell Plumer in His bosom. 
f 
TERRORIST WATCH LIST 
LOOPHOLE 
(Mr. YARMUTH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to call on my Republican col-leagues to approve the Denying Fire-arms and Explosives to Dangerous Ter-rorists Act, which would prevent indi-viduals on the terrorist watch list from buying weapons here in the U.S. This legislation has been blocked from com-ing to the floor for a vote nearly a dozen times over the past 2 weeks. 
Most Americans find it mind-bog-
gling that we continue to allow indi-viduals deemed too dangerous to fly to buy weapons in the U.S., guns designed to kill as many people as possible, as quickly as possible. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican 
colleagues to fix this loophole and pro-tect our citizens, to find some courage and put the safety of the American people before the politics of the gun lobby. 
Mr. Speaker, if Republicans truly 
have concerns over how the terrorist watch list is constructed, then they should offer an amendment to fix it. But more than 2,000 suspects on the terrorist watch list have already bought guns in our country. We don’t need to add to that list. We need to act right now. 
f 
WEST VIRGINIA HIGH SCHOOL 
FOOTBALL 
(Mr. M CKINLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the outstanding ac-complishments of three West Virginia State football champions, all of which are from the First District of West Vir-ginia: Head Coach Josh Nicewarner and the Indians of Bridgeport High School on their third straight Class AA cham-pionship title; and from Magnolia High School, Head Coach Josh Sims and the Blue Eagles on their single A cham-pionship title; and for the first time in school history, Chris Daugherty and the Wheeling Park Patriots on the Class AAA championship. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am told by my 
astute research staff that, except for States with one Representative, this is the first time in American history that all three high school champions have 
come in a single year from one district. So I challenge my esteemed colleagues, Mr. J
ENKINS and Mr. M OONEY , from the 
other districts of West Virginia, to match that title next year. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS 
DAY 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate International Human Rights Day. 
This year we celebrate the 50th anni-
versary of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States of 
America was founded upon freedom, de-mocracy, and liberty, and America must perform its role as an advocate and as a defender of these values. 
Today, more than 140 prisoners of 
conscience are currently imprisoned in Vietnam due to their political views and activities. These activists are vic-tims of constant mental and physical harassment and oftentimes are forced to endure unsanitary prison conditions. 
Activists, including Tran Huynh Duy 
Thuc, Dang Xuan Dieu, and Ho Duc Hoa, were falsely tried and imprisoned simply for practicing their right to as-semble. 
This year, in November, Burma, a 
country known for its horrendous human rights record, held its first free election, yet Vietnam continues to function as a single-party system. Today, on International Human Rights Day, I urge Vietnam to finally open up its society and to empower its people. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS GALLAGHER 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to the life of Thomas Gallagher, an honorable public servant who passed away earlier this week. 
Following his service in the United 
States Air Force during the Korean war, Thomas earned an undergraduate and master’s degree while simulta-neously pursuing his career in law en-forcement and raising a family. 
Thomas joined the New York City 
Police Department in 1957 and went on to serve the city for 37 years, rising all the way to the rank of assistant chief. 
Mr. Speaker, Thomas Gallagher was 
the son of Irish immigrants. From a very early age, he learned the impor-tance of hard work and selfless dedica-tion to his family and the community. Though he endured many tragedies in his life, including the loss of all three of his wives to various diseases, he never lost his zeal for life. He was often buoyed by the great pride he held for 
all three of his children, who rose to become great successes in law, busi-ness, and the Secret Service. 
Thomas personifies the great Amer-
ican spirit. Not only did he persevere through trying times, he prospered. His was a life well lived, and I feel truly blessed to have known him and his great family. 
May God now hold Thomas in the 
palm of His hand. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF PRO-
FESSOR JOHN ARTHUR RASSIAS 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to recognize the life of a truly ex-traordinary Granite Stater, Professor John Rassias, who passed away last week in New Hampshire at the age of 90. 
Professor Rassias was a lifelong 
Granite Stater, a World War II veteran, and an internationally renowned lan-guage professor at my alma mater, Dartmouth College. He developed the Rassias method, a revolutionary way of teaching languages that includes rapid- fire drills and dramatic flair, allowing students to be immersed in the lan-guage and culture. 
He was an extraordinary mentor. His 
teaching style has been widely adopted at universities and institutions around the world, including in the Peace Corps, where Dr. Rassias was the first director of language programs in 1964. 
His legacy extends far beyond simply 
teaching language. Dr. Rassias’ deep commitment to cultural dialogue and understanding shaped the perspective of countless students and inspired them to make the world a better place. He will be truly missed by the entire Granite State and members of the Dartmouth community throughout the world. 
f 
PINKY SWEAR FOUNDATION 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, the 
pinky swear promise is a universal symbol to keep one’s promise and one’s word. For the Pinky Swear Founda-tion, keeping that promise means help-ing children who are battling cancer and their families. 
The foundation’s work was actually 
started 12 years ago, after 9-year-old Mitch Chepokas of Chanhassen, Min-nesota, had been diagnosed with ter-minal bone cancer and, while in his hospital room, overheard others dis-cussing that there would not be enough money for Christmas that year. 
Mitch decided that he would give 
away all of his money to those families so they could celebrate the holidays, and he made his father pinky swear to continue to make sure that they will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9214 December 10, 2015 
help children with cancer after he was 
gone. 
Today the Chepokas family has been 
joined by others in the community and around the country who have agreed to help keep this promise and help in the fight against cancer. The Pinky Swear Foundation has raised millions of dol-lars for different events for this cause. 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Pinky 
Swear Day and a great time to recog-nize the wonderful work of this founda-tion. Mitch’s bravery, selflessness, and heart continue to live on to help oth-ers. 
f 
MAUI FAMILY SUPPORT SERVICES 
(Ms. GABBARD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, for 35 
years, Maui Family Support Services has been helping to build strong, healthy families on Maui, Molokai, and Lanai. 
Last year alone, the organization as-
sisted over 5,000 people in need, which included: making 4,466 home visits; helping 136 people access mental health, substance abuse, or domestic violence services; and providing devel-opmental screenings for 953 children. 
Additionally, thousands of people 
have gone through the organization’s programs for early childhood develop-ment, teen substance abuse prevention, and fatherhood involvement, helping to build and strengthen local families and communities. 
One in eight children in Hawaii lives 
in poverty, and it is organizations like Maui Family Support Services that play a critical role in making sure that our keiki and local families get the support and services they need. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to say thank you 
to this great organization for the serv-ice that they have provided for over 35 years. 
f 
b1215 
RECOGNIZING DANIEL LYONS 
(Mr. REICHERT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, you 
may know, and others may know, and may have heard about the wildfires that swept through central Washington this past summer, destroying many homes, lives, wildstock, and livestock across Washington State. Tragically, they also took the lives of three brave firefighters. 
On August 19, 25-year-old Daniel 
Lyons, who is also a firefighter, was with his friends and partners, Richard Wheeler, Andrew Zajac, and Tom Zbyszewski, when their vehicle was overcome by flames. Daniel made it out of the fire truck alive but suffered burns over 60 percent of his body. 
A few weeks ago, I had the oppor-
tunity to meet with Daniel. After he had spent 3 months undergoing treat-
ment at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle, he has a positive attitude about life, and is excited about his op-portunity to continue to serve. 
This young man still wants to be a 
police officer. He lost his fingertips in this fire. He still believes that he—and I know he can do this, and I want to be there for him—can accomplish his goal of continuing to serve as a police offi-cer in the State of Washington. 
As a former cop of 33 years, I could 
not be more proud of Daniel. He is a real-life hero. I will always remember his friends and partners. 
f 
LET’S HAVE A MOMENT OF 
ACTION 
(Ms. SPEIER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, Faisal 
Shahzad was already on the no-fly list when he attempted to bomb Times Square in May of 2010. If he had decided to walk into a gun store that day, he would have walked out with a gun in hand. Fortunately, Shahzad’s bomb failed to go off. But had he, instead, purchased a military-style weapon that day, it could have been very different. 
It is absolutely against common 
sense that suspected terrorists can walk into a gun store and purchase any firearm that they would like. They can’t walk onto a plane, mind you, but they can purchase a military-style as-sault weapon and wreak havoc on a community. 
Seventy-seven percent of the Amer-
ican people believe we should close this loophole. The Republicans have an op-tion. A bill by their Republican col-league from New York (Mr. K
ING) 
would close that loophole. 
I ask my colleagues on the Repub-
lican side to listen to Mr. K INGand the 
American people and not to the NRA and the gun manufacturers. We have had enough moments of silence. For once, let’s have a moment of action. 
f 
STUDENT VISA SECURITY 
IMPROVEMENT ACT 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to discuss important legislation that will help keep our country safe. 
In light of recent tragedies across the 
globe, our national security has been at the forefront of our minds. As elect-ed officials, we have a responsibility to do everything we can to protect our Nation. That is why I reintroduced H.R. 4089, the Student Visa Security Improvement Act, to further address potential threats to our national secu-rity. 
It is clear there are significant gaps 
of vulnerabilities that must be ad-dressed in our student visa program. This bill would provide additional scru-
tiny for foreign students and exchange applicants, and put mechanisms into place to ensure students are in this country for their intended purpose, rather than to do us harm. 
My legislation will safeguard our uni-
versities, communities, and our Na-tion. I urge my colleagues to support this very important piece of legisla-tion. 
f 
CLOSE THE TERRORIST GUN 
LOOPHOLE 
(Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, the House passed bipartisan legis-lation to better protect our Nation by making our Visa Waiver Program more rigorous. That is because we recog-nized, on a bipartisan basis, that legal loopholes that make Americans less safe must be closed. 
Why can’t we bring that same spirit 
to commonsense gun violence legisla-tion? That is a rhetorical question be-cause I think we all know that the gun manufacturing and sales industry and their puppet, the NRA, have a strangle-hold on the Republican majority in this Congress that has kept Congress silent for years on this issue, but that silence will no longer be tolerated. 
More than 2,000 suspects on the FBI 
terrorist watch list have legally pur-chased guns in the United States in re-cent years. Thankfully, one brave Re-publican has dared to confront the gun lobby by introducing a bill to close this loophole. I demand a vote on that bill. 
Americans are tired of hearing 
thoughts and prayers in response to mass shootings. They are sick of our regularly scheduled moments of si-lence. Our silence has become the prob-lem. 
Americans want action to address 
the gun violence epidemic in this coun-try. There is no better way to start than the bipartisan bill prohibiting suspected terrorists on the terrorist watch list from stockpiling assault weapons. 
Let’s have a vote on H.R. 1076. It is 
time to end Congress’ shameful silence on this critical national security issue. 
f 
RECOGNIZING VALOR CHRISTIAN’S 
STATE CHAMPION FOOTBALL TEAM 
(Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Valor Christian High School football team. 
On Saturday night, the Eagles rallied 
to a 29–26 victory over Pomona to cap-ture the State title for the sixth time in seven seasons. 
The comeback victory achieved by 
the team is a testament to their char-acter and tenacity. The players stood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.008 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9215 December 10, 2015 
strong, and their victory in the final 
minutes is a credit to the determina-tion and commitment of the entire team and Coach Rod Sherman. 
It is an honor to highlight the ac-
complishments of these young men, who finished the season 12–2 and estab-lished an impressive 30–1 playoff record. 
I would also like to recognize the 
championship game MVP, junior quar-terback Dylan McCaffrey, who led the team on two touchdown drives in the final minutes to win the comeback vic-tory. 
Again, congratulations to the Valor 
Christian High School football team on their impressive season. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to stop the silence and to en-courage and stress that my colleagues need to take action to expand back-ground checks and to close the loop-holes. I will continue to stand here and fight, and I will not be silent. 
While many of my colleagues have 
spoken about the loophole that allows terrorist suspects to purchase guns, we have many other loopholes that present a danger to the safety of Amer-icans and our homeland. 
Since the enactment of the Brady 
Act in 1994, the law has stopped nearly 2.5 million guns from being transferred to individuals legally disqualified. However, despite the success of this law, it does not apply to 40 percent of all gun purchases. 
Mr. Speaker, 92 percent of Americans 
favor universal background checks. It is well past time for us, as Congress, to reflect the will of the people that we represent, to pass legislation to expand background checks, and to close the loopholes. 
Stop the silence. We must do what 
the people sent us here to do, and that is to take action. 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS DAY 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in honor of Human Rights Day. 
Sixty-seven years ago today, Decem-
ber 10, 1948, the U.N. General Assembly proclaimed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The Universal Dec-laration set out a common under-standing of the fundamental human rights that were to be universally pro-tected. 
Today, we recall the inalienable 
rights intrinsic to every human being. In many regions of the world, people continue to struggle to attain the most basic rights and respect for their basic human dignity. In several regions of the world, defenseless civilians face at-tacks by terrorist organizations and 
networks that seek to intimidate, maim, and kill in the name of a dis-torted theology. 
I join my distinguished colleague 
from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) 
and people everywhere in reaffirming our commitment to the fundamental rights and freedoms contained in the Universal Declaration, and urge all leaders to redouble their efforts to pro-mote and guarantee them. 
I also want to thank the human 
rights defenders everywhere, who so often carry out their work at great risk to themselves and their families. 
f 
NO GUNS FOR SUSPECTED 
TERRORISTS 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I come 
here today to speak about weapons of murder and terror. 
Mr. Speaker, suspected terrorists 
should not be able to walk into a gun store and come out with weapons of murder and terror. 
As Members of Congress, we have an 
obligation to keep American families safe. To not bring the bipartisan bill, H.R. 1076, to the floor for a vote is to deny us the opportunity to keep our families safer. 
This bill, H.R. 1076, is sensible and 
straightforward. If you are a suspected terrorist, you should not be able to buy a gun. If you are a suspected terrorist, you should not, Mr. Speaker, be able to buy a gun. I will say it today and to-morrow and repeatedly: if you are a suspected terrorist, you should not be able to buy a gun. We should not have guns and weapons of murder and terror. 
I will no longer be silent. Mr. Speak-
er, we should no longer be silent. Let’s transcend partisan politics and uphold our promise to keep American families safe. 
f 
SAN BERNARDINO VICTIM, 
SHANNON JOHNSON 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize Mr. Shan-non Johnson. 
On December 2, our country wit-
nessed the worst terrorist attack on American soil since 9/11. On this hor-rific day in San Bernardino, California, 14 people were tragically killed. 
Mr. Shannon Johnson was one of the 
people whose life was cut short that day. His friends and family say he en-joyed laughter, conversation, and music. He believed in the greatness of love, equality, and kindness, and treat-ed others accordingly. 
On December 2, Mr. Johnson, who 
was a native of Jesup, Georgia, in the First Congressional District, displayed the ultimate act of heroism and sac-rifice by shielding fellow coworkers from a hail of bullets. His last words 
were: ‘‘I got you.’’ 
Mr. Johnson died a hero. My 
thoughts and prayers go out to his friends and family. I hope we may all recognize and never forget the acts of sacrifice that Mr. Johnson and others have made to protect the ones we love. 
f 
THANKS TO THE SPEAKER 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ex-press my profound appreciation to the Speaker for his recent acknowledge-ment that he expects the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act to be part of the omnibus bill. 
I thank Leader P
ELOSI for her stead-
fast commitment and leadership in support of this important lifesaving legislation. 
I am grateful to every single Demo-
cratic Member of this Congress, all of whom are cosponsors of this important legislation, and the many Republicans who are sponsors of this bill. All of them have helped us to live up to our commitment that: ‘‘We will never for-get.’’ 
Heroic first responders and survivors 
of 9/11—men and women from all 50 States and nearly every Congressional District—will now be able to breathe a little easier, and will certainly have a much happier holiday season when this bill is finally across the finish line. This is how Congress can, and should, work in a bipartisan way, doing the right thing more often. 
Happy holidays and Happy New Year. 
Now, when do we vote on this impor-tant lifesaving legislation. 
f 
b1230 
REESTABLISHING DIPLOMATIC 
RELATIONS WITH BELARUS 
(Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to introduce a resolution calling for reestablishing full diplo-matic relations between the United States and the nation of Belarus with the focus of exchanging ambassadors between our countries. This resolution recognizes that the Government of Belarus has reached out to the West and has improved political conditions in their own country. 
For example, the Organization for 
Security Cooperation in Europe mon-itored the recent Presidential election in Belarus and noted the progress made in establishing a more democratic and open system. 
Another example of Belarus’ positive 
action is that it played a significant role in bringing about a cease-fire in Ukraine. It did this by hosting im-mense diplomatic talks between all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.009 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9216 December 10, 2015 
parties to the conflict. This was a 
major contribution toward restoring peace to that region. 
Furthermore, on October 22 of this 
year, Belarus released all of its very few political prisoners. 
In response, the European Union and 
the United States have temporarily lifted economic sanctions. Hopefully, that temporary suspension of economic sanctions will become permanent as Belarus continues to improve its stand-ing. 
Exchanging ambassadors, as my reso-
lution calls for, is a major step forward in the right direction. I ask my col-leagues to join me in supporting this resolution, which I will submit to the Congress right now. 
f 
COMMONSENSE GUN REFORM 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
because passing commonsense gun leg-
islation should really not be a partisan issue. What our country needs is com-monsense gun reform, but many in this Chamber won’t even take the first step: taking guns out of the hands of terror-ists. 
Time and time again, Republicans 
have voted to block debate. Let me say that again: a debate. They won’t even let us discuss Congressman P
ETER  
KING’s Denying Firearms and Explo-
sives to Dangerous Terrorists Act, oth-erwise known as H.R. 1076. That is sim-ply outrageous. We should debate, yes, and we should vote up or down on this important bill. 
This bill, which I am proud to co-
sponsor, would close a dangerous loop-hole that allows individuals on the gov-ernment’s no-fly list to legally pur-chase guns. Let me emphasize this. These are people who are deemed too dangerous to fly on planes, but they can and do purchase guns. If they are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, why aren’t they too dangerous to have a weapon that fires 800 rounds per minute? 
My Democratic colleagues and I re-
main committed to blocking dangerous individuals from buying guns, and we remain committed to stopping the senseless violence that has already taken too many lives in this country. It is past time to listen to the Amer-ican people and not to the NRA. 
f 
REFORMING AMERICA’S 
EDUCATION SYSTEM 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, just a few minutes ago I returned from the White House, where President Barack Obama signed his-toric reforms for elementary and sec-ondary education into law. 
I was proud to serve on the con-
ference committee that was respon-sible for settling the differences be-
tween the House and the Senate versions of the Every Student Succeeds Act, which has replaced No Child Left Behind. 
This is legislation which has been 
years in the making and which will fi-nally put the control of education back into the hands of our States, our schools, and, of course, our parents and teachers across the Nation. 
It also calls for the U.S. Department 
of Education to study how title I funds are distributed. I have long been con-cerned that children are put at a dis-advantage based on the populations of their school districts rather than on a concentration of poverty. I am hopeful that this study will make the argu-ment for a more equitable method of distributing these funds to areas that are deeply affected by poverty. 
This is a bill that I believe will make 
a real difference for students across the Nation. I was proud to see it gain over-whelming bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate. 
f 
AMERICA’S GUN VIOLENCE 
EPIDEMIC 
(Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, we were 
elected to protect and serve the Amer-ican people against all enemies, foreign and domestic. One of the best ways that we can uphold this sacred duty is to deal with the gun violence epidemic that we have in America, which claims the lives of more than 11,000 people each year. 
One of the things that we should be 
doing is passing legislation to prevent individuals who are on the FBI’s ter-rorist watch list, because they are sus-pected terrorists, from being able to purchase guns. To me, this seems to be a no-brainer. 
If you are not able to fly because you 
are a suspected terrorist, you should not be able to purchase an AK–47, an AR–15, or another weapon of mass de-struction which is not used to hunt deer, but is used to hunt human beings. 
It is time for House Republicans to 
stop functioning as wholly owned sub-sidiaries of the NRA. It is time to cut the puppet strings from the gun lobby. It is time to do the business of the American people and pass sensible gun violence prevention legislation. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT 
IS NOW LAW 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I applaud 
the enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
This legislation passed the House and 
the Senate with overwhelming bipar-tisan support and was signed into law today by the President. Education is not a partisan issue. At a time of polit-
ical gridlock, I am proud to see both bodies and both parties come together to improve our education system. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act re-
peals No Child Left Behind, gets rid of 49 wasteful and ineffective programs, and eliminates the Secretary of Edu-cation’s coercion of States into adopt-ing Common Core standards. 
Most importantly, this legislation 
gets Washington out of our local class-rooms and it restores control back to the school districts, teachers, and par-ents. These are the folks who know what our children need to succeed, not bureaucrats who are thousands of miles away. 
As the son of two educators, I know 
that the future of Georgia’s 12th Dis-trict education system belongs in Geor-gia, not in Washington. As a member of the House Education and the Work-force Committee, I am proud to see the Every Student Succeeds Act as the law of the land. 
f 
UPHOLDING THE SECOND 
AMENDMENT 
(Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, 
given the challenges we face today with the economy and the labor force, I have watched since December 2 so much dishonesty on this floor con-cerning the actions on December 2 and the ability for terrorists to purchase weapons automatically. 
FBI Director James Comey told the 
Senate Judiciary Committee that every time someone buys a weapon it is run through the FBI and they are noti-fied if someone is on the no-fly list. 
I am a little concerned with the 
other side of the aisle as they keep talking about having to protect our public when, in turn, they are taking away the Constitution of our Nation. 
If the FBI is sent this information, it 
is reviewed. If the terrorists are actu-ally buying weapons and walking the streets, they should be arrested, but they are not. 
You can get on the no-fly list. I per-
sonally have been on the no-fly list. It took me 6 months to get off of it. They didn’t tell me who put me on it, why I was put on it, and what it was the re-sult from. Six months. 
Yes, I am an NRA board member. But 
to have people say that terrorists are running around buying guns is an out-right lie. I will say that on the floor. It is not true. It is part of the Constitu-tion. We should uphold the Constitu-tion. 
When coming into office, I swore to 
uphold the Constitution. What they are talking about doing is against the Con-stitution. I will fight until my dying breath to make sure that we have the ability to retain the Second Amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.011 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9217 December 10, 2015 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 10, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 10, 2015 at 9:15 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 2820. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 39 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1445 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) at 2 o’clock 
and 48 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
SECURING FAIRNESS IN 
REGULATORY TIMING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3831) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the an-nual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3831 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing 
Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENDING THE ANNUAL COMMENT PE-
RIOD FOR PAYMENT RATES UNDER MEDICARE ADVANTAGE. 
Section 1853(b)(2) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(b)(2)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(or, in 2017 and each sub-
sequent year, at least 60 days)’’ after ‘‘45 days’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(in 2017 and each subse-
quent year, of no less than 30 days)’’ after ‘‘opportunity’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) and the gentleman 
from California (Mr. T HOMPSON ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support 
of H.R. 3831, the Securing Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act of 2015. This is a small but really important piece of legislation. I am pleased to have the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON), my friend, here to discuss this 
important measure. 
The House passed this measure ear-
lier this year, in June, by unanimous consent. Now, we return to the bill to add the technical corrections asked for by the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services and the Senate so we can send this bill to the President’s desk before the end of the year. 
Today, the Medicare Advantage pro-
gram, known by many as the MA pro-gram, serves more than 16 million sen-iors across the United States of Amer-ica, including my mom and dad. Enroll-ment has increased more than three-fold in the past 10 years and is expected to nearly double in the next 10 years. 
To ensure that seniors in MA plans 
across the country are able to continue to receive the high-quality care that they deserve, CMS is expected to pay about $156 billion to more than 3,600 MA plans this year alone. That amounts to nearly 30 percent of overall Medicare spending. 
Typically, every year CMS sends out 
what it calls a rate notice to plans and Medicare Advantage companies that details the various payment rates, as well as benefit changes that the agency intends to make for the following plan year that impacts people like my mom and dad. This notice follows the stand-ard process of a draft notice. It gets published; then the public has a certain amount of time to submit comments and questions; and then the agency publishes a final notice based on that feedback that they receive. 
However, MA and Part D aren’t 
treated the same as the other major payment systems within Medicare itself. Right now, the current process takes about 45 days, but only 15 of those days are allotted for the com-menting portion; 15 days for thousands of plans, millions of stakeholders to submit comments on proposed changes to a program that amounts to one- third of all Medicare spending. 
I could almost understand this if the 
rate notice were a short and concise document, if it were easy to under-stand and simple to implement. But it is not. In fact, the rate notice has grown from around 16 pages in 2006 to nearly 150 pages this year. That is over 
a 900 percent increase. All the while, the time for the public comment period has remained static, exactly the same. 
This means less and less time for the 
plans and Congress to conduct the nec-essary review in order to provide CMS with the kind of feedback that would better help the agency assess the im-pact of their proposed changes to con-sumers. This is important because without accurate feedback, CMS could inadvertently move forward with a pro-posed change to the Medicare Advan-tage program that might negatively impact those seniors—again, like my mom and dad—who depend on these plans for access to their providers, to their doctors. 
The legislation before us is simple, 
and it is straightforward. It extends the public notice period from 45 days to 60 days. Therefore, it would double the extension of the comment period from 15 days to 30 days. This is a common-sense, good-government fix we can make that will give plans more time to understand the changes that CMS pro-poses and other constructive feedback in order to make the Medicare Advan-tage program, overall, more responsive to senior citizens’ needs. 
I encourage my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to pass this legisla-tion again and send it to the Senate so we can get it to the President’s desk. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3831, the Se-
curing Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act of 2015. Every year, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services pub-lishes its Medicare Advantage call let-ter and rate notice, which outlines pay-ment rates and changes for the nearly 2,000 plans that serve our most vulner-able population. 
Nearly 10 years ago, the call letter 
and rate notice were less than 20 pages long. However, since then, enrollment in Medicare Advantage has nearly tri-pled, from 5.4 million to 16 million. Medicare Advantage policies have be-come more complex, and the call letter and rate notice has grown nearly ten-fold, sometimes up to over 200 pages long. 
At the same time, the time between 
the publishing of these draft notices and the final notices, which is cur-rently 45 days, has remained un-changed. During this 45-day period, in which there are only 15 days to com-ment on the proposed changes in the program, plans, stockholders, mem-bers, and staff, are expected to review 150 pages of regulatory changes and un-derstand the impacts of those proposed policy changes on a program that pro-vides essential medical care to over a third of Medicare beneficiaries. 
We know from our experience, every 
February and March, that this does not lend itself to an efficient, effective, nor transparent process. Moreover, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.012 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9218 December 10, 2015 
shortchanges CMS of thoughtful, con-
structive feedback that is necessary to improve a program that our seniors enjoy and rely on. 
H.R. 3831 is a simple, straightforward 
bill that will improve the current proc-ess by expanding the cycle from 45 to 60 days, and that gives plans, stake-holders, Members, and our staff 30 full days—double the current time al-lowed—to analyze and provide feedback on the draft call letter and rate notice. 
This is a no-cost, good-government, 
bipartisan bill that will make the proc-ess more transparent, fair, and advan-tageous for the beneficiaries we serve. As my good friend from Ohio pointed out, we have already passed this bill. It is only coming back for some technical changes. I would ask, and strongly rec-ommend, that all our colleagues vote in favor of this bill so we can pass it to the Senate and get on with our work. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 3831, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, just to 
close, I agree 100 percent with my friend from California. I urge all our colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3831, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
BOARD REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 808) to establish the Surface Trans-portation Board as an independent es-tablishment, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 808 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Surface Transportation Board Reau-thorization Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. References to title 49, United States 
Code. Sec. 3. Establishment of Surface Transpor-
tation Board as an independent establishment. 
Sec. 4. Surface Transportation Board mem-
bership. 
Sec. 5. Nonpublic collaborative discussions. Sec. 6. Reports. Sec. 7. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 8. Agent in the District of Columbia. Sec. 9. Department of Transportation In-
spector General authority. 
Sec. 10. Amendment to table of sections. Sec. 11. Procedures for rate cases. Sec. 12. Investigative authority. Sec. 13. Arbitration of certain rail rates and 
practices disputes. 
Sec. 14. Effect of proposals for rates from 
multiple origins and destina-tions. 
Sec. 15. Reports. Sec. 16. Criteria. Sec. 17. Construction. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO TITLE 49, UNITED 
STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF SURFACE TRANS-
PORTATION BOARD AS AN INDE-PENDENT ESTABLISHMENT. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION OF CHAPTER 7 OFTITLE 
49, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 49 is amend-
ed— 
(1) by moving chapter 7 after chapter 11 in 
subtitle II; 
(2) by redesignating chapter 7 as chapter 
13; 
(3) by redesignating sections 701 through 
706 as sections 1301 through 1306, respec-tively; 
(4) by striking sections 725 and 727; (5) by redesignating sections 721 through 
724 as sections 1321 through 1324, respec-tively; and 
(6) by redesignating section 726 as section 
1325. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ESTABLISHMENT .—Section 
1301, as redesignated by subsection (a)(3), is amended by striking subsection (a) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Surface Trans-
portation Board is an independent establish-ment of the United States Government.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .—Section 
1303, as redesignated by subsection (a)(3), is amended— 
(A) by striking subsections (a), (c), (f), and 
(g); 
(B) by redesignating subsections (b), (d), 
and (e) as subsections (a), (b), and (c), respec-tively; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
UBMISSION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS TO  
CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Board submits any 
budget estimate, budget request, supple-mental budget estimate, or other budget in-formation, legislative recommendation, pre-pared testimony for a congressional hearing, or comment on legislation to the President or to the Office of Management and Budget, the Board shall concurrently submit a copy of such document to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
‘‘(2) N
O APPROVAL REQUIRED .—No officer or 
agency of the United States has any author-ity to require the Board to submit budget es-timates or requests, legislative recommenda-tions, prepared testimony for congressional 
hearings, or comments on legislation to any officer or agency of the United States for ap-proval, comments, or review before submit-ting such recommendations, testimony, or comments to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 4. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD MEM-
BERSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1301(b), as redes-
ignated by subsection 3(a), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘3 members’’ and inserting 
‘‘5 members’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘2 members’’ and inserting 
‘‘3 members’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) At all times— ‘‘(A) at least 3 members of the Board shall 
be individuals with professional standing and demonstrated knowledge in the fields of transportation, transportation regulation, or economic regulation; and 
‘‘(B) at least 2 members shall be individ-
uals with professional or business experience (including agriculture) in the private sec-tor.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE PROVISION .—Sec-
tion 1301(b), as amended by this section, is further amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (4); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and 
(7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively; and 
(3) in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘who becomes a member of the Board pursuant to paragraph (4), or an indi-vidual’’. 
SEC. 5. NONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS-
SIONS. 
Section 1303(a), as redesignated by sub-
sections (a) and (c) of section 3, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) O
PENMEETINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall be 
deemed to be an agency for purposes of sec-tion 552b of title 5. 
‘‘(2) N
ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
552b of title 5, a majority of the members may hold a meeting that is not open to pub-lic observation to discuss official agency business if— 
‘‘(i) no formal or informal vote or other of-
ficial agency action is taken at the meeting; 
‘‘(ii) each individual present at the meet-
ing is a member or an employee of the Board; and 
‘‘(iii) the General Counsel of the Board is 
present at the meeting. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO -
RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Except as provided 
under subparagraph (C), not later than 2 business days after the conclusion of a meet-ing under subparagraph (A), the Board shall make available to the public, in a place eas-ily accessible to the public— 
‘‘(i) a list of the individuals present at the 
meeting; and 
‘‘(ii) a summary of the matters discussed 
at the meeting, except for any matters the Board properly determines may be withheld from the public under section 552b(c) of title 5. 
‘‘(C) S
UMMARY .—If the Board properly de-
termines matters may be withheld from the public under section 555b(c) of title 5, the Board shall provide a summary with as much general information as possible on those matters withheld from the public. 
‘‘(D) O
NGOING PROCEEDINGS .—If a discussion 
under subparagraph (A) directly relates to an ongoing proceeding before the Board, the Board shall make the disclosure under sub-paragraph (B) on the date of the final Board decision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.016 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9219 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(E) P RESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph may be construed to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the members other than that described in this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing 
in this paragraph may be construed— 
‘‘(i) to limit the applicability of section 
552b of title 5 with respect to any informa-tion which is proposed to be withheld from the public under subparagraph (B)(ii); or 
‘‘(ii) to authorize the Board to withhold 
from any individual any record that is acces-sible to that individual under section 552a of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Section 1304, as amended by 
section 3, is further amended— 
(1) by striking the section heading and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘§ 1304. Reports’’; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—’’ 
before ‘‘The Board’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘on its activities.’’ and in-
serting ‘‘on its activities, including each in-stance in which the Board has initiated an investigation on its own initiative under this chapter or subtitle IV.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) R
ATECASEREVIEW METRICS .— 
‘‘(1) Q UARTERLY REPORTS .—The Board shall 
post a quarterly report of rail rate review cases pending or completed by the Board during the previous quarter that includes— 
‘‘(A) summary information of the case, in-
cluding the docket number, case name, com-modity or commodities involved, and rate review guideline or guidelines used; 
‘‘(B) the date on which the rate review pro-
ceeding began; 
‘‘(C) the date for the completion of dis-
covery; 
‘‘(D) the date for the completion of the evi-
dentiary record; 
‘‘(E) the date for the submission of closing 
briefs; 
‘‘(F) the date on which the Board issued 
the final decision; and 
‘‘(G) a brief summary of the final decision; ‘‘(2) W
EBSITE POSTING .—Each quarterly re-
port shall be posted on the Board’s public website.’’. 
(b) C
OMPILATION OF COMPLAINTS AT SUR-
FACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1304, as amended 
by subsection (a), is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) C
OMPLAINTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall estab-
lish and maintain a database of complaints received by the Board. 
‘‘(2) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—The Board shall 
post a quarterly report of formal and infor-mal service complaints received by the Board during the previous quarter that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) the date on which the complaint was 
received by the Board; 
‘‘(B) a list of the type of each complaint; ‘‘(C) the geographic region of each com-
plaint; and 
‘‘(D) the resolution of each complaint, if 
appropriate. 
‘‘(3) W
RITTEN CONSENT .—The quarterly re-
port may identify a complainant that sub-mitted an informal complaint only upon the written consent of the complainant. 
‘‘(4) W
EBSITE POSTING .—Each quarterly re-
port shall be posted on the Board’s public website.’’. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 1305, as redesignated by section 3, 
is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) $33,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $35,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $35,500,000 for fiscal year 2018; 
‘‘(4) $35,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(5) $36,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’. 
SEC. 8. AGENT IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF AGENT AND SERVICE OF  
NOTICE .—Section 1323, as redesignated by 
section 3(a), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in the 
District of Columbia,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘in the 
District of Columbia’’. 
(b) S ERVICE OF PROCESS IN COURT PRO-
CEEDINGS .—Section 1324(a), as redesignated 
by section 3(a), is amended by striking ‘‘in the District of Columbia’’ each place such phrase appears. 
SEC. 9. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION IN-
SPECTOR GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 13, as redesig-
nated by section 3(a)(2), is amended by in-serting after section 1325, as redesignated by section 3(a)(6), the following: 
‘‘§ 1326. Authority of the Inspector General 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Inspector General of 
the Department of Transportation, in ac-cordance with the mission of the Inspector General to prevent and detect fraud and abuse, shall have authority to review only the financial management, property manage-ment, and business operations of the Surface Transportation Board, including internal ac-counting and administrative control sys-tems, to determine the Board’s compliance with applicable Federal laws, rules, and reg-ulations. 
‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—In carrying out this section, 
the Inspector General shall— 
‘‘(1) keep the Chairman of the Board, the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives fully and currently informed about problems relating to administration of the internal accounting and administrative control systems of the Board; 
‘‘(2) issue findings and recommendations 
for actions to address the problems referred to in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(3) submit periodic reports to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describe any progress made in implementing actions to address the problems referred to in para-graph (1). 
‘‘(c) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—In carrying 
out this section, the Inspector General may exercise authorities granted to the Inspector General under subsections (a) and (b) of sec-tion 6 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) F UNDING .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary of Transpor-tation for use by the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation such sums as may be necessary to cover expenses asso-ciated with activities pursuant to the au-thority exercised under this section. 
‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSABLE AGREEMENT .—In the ab-
sence of an appropriation under this sub-section for an expense referred to in para-graph (1), the Inspector General and the Board shall have a reimbursement agree-ment to cover such expense.’’. 
SEC. 10. AMENDMENT TO TABLE OF SECTIONS. 
The table of sections for chapter 13, as re-
designated by section 3(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘CHAPTER 13—SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION BOARD 
‘‘
I—ESTABLISHMENT  
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘1301. Establishment of Board ‘‘1302. Functions. 
‘‘1303. Administrative provisions. ‘‘1304. Reports. ‘‘1305. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘1306. Reporting official action. 
‘‘
II—ADMINISTRATIVE  
‘‘1321. Powers. 
‘‘1322. Board action. ‘‘1323. Service of notice in Board proceedings. ‘‘1324. Service of process in court pro-
ceedings. 
‘‘1325. Railroad-Shipper Transportation Advi-
sory Council. 
‘‘1326. Authority of the Inspector General.’’. 
SEC. 11. PROCEDURES FOR RATE CASES. 
(a) S IMPLIFIED PROCEDURE .—Section 
10701(d)(3) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) The Board shall maintain 1 or more 
simplified and expedited methods for deter-mining the reasonableness of challenged rates in those cases in which a full stand- alone cost presentation is too costly, given the value of the case.’’. 
(b) E
XPEDITED HANDLING ; R ATE REVIEW  
TIMELINES .—Section 10704(d) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(d) Within 9 months’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘railroad rates.’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(d)(1) The Board shall maintain proce-
dures to ensure the expeditious handling of challenges to the reasonableness of railroad rates.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided under subpara-
graph (B), in a stand-alone cost rate chal-lenge, the Board shall comply with the fol-lowing timeline: 
‘‘(i) Discovery shall be completed not later 
than 150 days after the date on which the challenge is initiated. 
‘‘(ii) The development of the evidentiary 
record shall be completed not later than 155 days after the date on which discovery is completed under clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) The closing brief shall be submitted 
not later than 60 days after the date on which the development of the evidentiary record is completed under clause (ii). 
‘‘(iv) A final Board decision shall be issued 
not later than 180 days after the date on which the evidentiary record is completed under clause (ii). 
‘‘(B) The Board may extend a timeline 
under subparagraph (A) after a request from any party or in the interest of due process.’’. 
(c) P
ROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Surface Transportation Board shall ini-tiate a proceeding to assess procedures that are available to parties in litigation before courts to expedite such litigation and the po-tential application of any such procedures to rate cases. 
(d) E
XPIRED RAILSERVICE CONTRACT LIMI-
TATION .—Section 10709 is amended by strik-
ing subsection (h). 
SEC. 12. INVESTIGATIVE AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOINITIATE INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Section 11701(a) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘only on complaint’’ and in-
serting ‘‘on the Board’s own initiative or upon receiving a complaint pursuant to sub-section (b)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘If 
the Board finds a violation of this part in a proceeding brought on its own initiative, any remedy from such proceeding may only be applied prospectively.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON INVESTIGATIONS OF THE  
BOARD ’SINITIATIVE .—Section 11701, as 
amended by subsection (a), is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) In any investigation commenced on 
the Board’s own initiative, the Board shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than 30 days after initiating 
the investigation, provide written notice to the parties under investigation, which shall state the basis for such investigation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.003 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9220 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(2) only investigate issues that are of na-
tional or regional significance; 
‘‘(3) permit the parties under investigation 
to file a written statement describing any or all facts and circumstances concerning a matter which may be the subject of such in-vestigation; 
‘‘(4) make available to the parties under in-
vestigation and Board members— 
‘‘(A) any recommendations made as a re-
sult of the investigation; and 
‘‘(B) a summary of the findings that sup-
port such recommendations; 
‘‘(5) to the extent practicable, separate the 
investigative and decisionmaking functions of staff; 
‘‘(6) dismiss any investigation that is not 
concluded by the Board with administrative finality within 1 year after the date on which it was commenced; and 
‘‘(7) not later than 90 days after receiving 
the recommendations and summary of find-ings under paragraph (4)— 
‘‘(A) dismiss the investigation if no further 
action is warranted; or 
‘‘(B) initiate a proceeding to determine if a 
provision under this part has been violated. 
‘‘(e)(1) Any parties to an investigation 
against whom a violation is found as a result of an investigation begun on the Board’s own initiative may, not later than 60 days after the date of the order of the Board finding such a violation, institute an action in the United States court of appeals for the appro-priate judicial circuit for de novo review of such order in accordance with chapter 7 of title 5. 
‘‘(2) The court— 
‘‘(A) shall have jurisdiction to enter a 
judgment affirming, modifying, or setting aside, in whole or in part, the order of the Board; and 
‘‘(B) may remand the proceeding to the 
Board for such further action as the court may direct.’’. 
(c) R
ULEMAKINGS FOR INVESTIGATIONS OF  
THE BOARD ’SINITIATIVE .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board shall issue rules, after notice and comment rulemaking, for investigations commenced on its own initiative that— 
(1) comply with the requirements of sec-
tion 11701(d) of title 49, United States Code, as added by subsection (b); 
(2) satisfy due process requirements; and (3) take into account ex parte constraints. 
SEC. 13. ARBITRATION OF CERTAIN RAIL RATES 
AND PRACTICES DISPUTES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 117 is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 11708. Voluntary arbitration of certain rail 
rates and practices disputes 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of the Sur-face Transportation Board Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Board shall promulgate regu-lations to establish a voluntary and binding arbitration process to resolve rail rate and practice complaints subject to the jurisdic-tion of the Board. 
‘‘(b) C
OVERED DISPUTES .—The voluntary 
and binding arbitration process established pursuant to subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) shall apply to disputes involving— ‘‘(A) rates, demurrage, accessorial charges, 
misrouting, or mishandling of rail cars; or 
‘‘(B) a carrier’s published rules and prac-
tices as applied to particular rail transpor-tation; 
‘‘(2) shall not apply to disputes— ‘‘(A) to obtain the grant, denial, stay, or 
revocation of any license, authorization, or exemption; 
‘‘(B) to prescribe for the future any con-
duct, rules, or results of general, industry- wide applicability; 
‘‘(C) to enforce a labor protective condi-
tion; or ‘‘(D) that are solely between 2 or more rail 
carriers; and 
‘‘(3) shall not prevent parties from inde-
pendently seeking or utilizing private arbi-tration services to resolve any disputes the parties may have. 
‘‘(c) A
RBITRATION PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board— 
‘‘(A) may make the voluntary and binding 
arbitration process established pursuant to subsection (a) available only to the relevant parties; 
‘‘(B) may make the voluntary and binding 
arbitration process available only— 
‘‘(i) after receiving the written consent to 
arbitrate from all relevant parties; and 
‘‘(ii)(I) after the filing of a written com-
plaint; or 
‘‘(II) through other procedures adopted by 
the Board in a rulemaking proceeding; 
‘‘(C) with respect to rate disputes, may 
make the voluntary and binding arbitration process available only to the relevant parties if the rail carrier has market dominance (as determined under section 10707); and 
‘‘(D) may initiate the voluntary and bind-
ing arbitration process not later than 40 days after the date on which a written complaint is filed or through other procedures adopted by the Board in a rulemaking proceeding. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Initiation of the vol-
untary and binding arbitration process shall preclude the Board from separately review-ing a complaint or dispute related to the same rail rate or practice in a covered dis-pute involving the same parties. 
‘‘(3) R
ATES .—In resolving a covered dispute 
involving the reasonableness of a rail car-rier’s rates, the arbitrator or panel of arbi-trators, as applicable, shall consider the Board’s methodologies for setting maximum lawful rates, giving due consideration to the need for differential pricing to permit a rail carrier to collect adequate revenues (as de-termined under section 10704(a)(2)). 
‘‘(d) A
RBITRATION DECISIONS .—Any decision 
reached in an arbitration process under this section— 
‘‘(1) shall be consistent with sound prin-
ciples of rail regulation economics; 
‘‘(2) shall be in writing; ‘‘(3) shall contain findings of fact and con-
clusions; 
‘‘(4) shall be binding upon the parties; and ‘‘(5) shall not have any precedential effect 
in any other or subsequent arbitration dis-pute. 
‘‘(e) T
IMELINES .— 
‘‘(1) S ELECTION .—An arbitrator or panel of 
arbitrators shall be selected not later than 14 days after the date of the Board’s decision to initiate arbitration. 
‘‘(2) E
VIDENTIARY PROCESS .—The evi-
dentiary process of the voluntary and bind-ing arbitration process shall be completed not later than 90 days after the date on which the arbitration process is initiated un-less— 
‘‘(A) a party requests an extension; and ‘‘(B) the arbitrator or panel of arbitrators, 
as applicable, grants such extension request. 
‘‘(3) D
ECISION .—The arbitrator or panel of 
arbitrators, as applicable, shall issue a deci-sion not later than 30 days after the date on which the evidentiary record is closed. 
‘‘(4) E
XTENSIONS .—The Board may extend 
any of the timelines under this subsection upon the agreement of all parties in the dis-pute. 
‘‘(f) A
RBITRATORS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise agreed 
by all of the parties, an arbitration under this section shall be conducted by an arbi-trator or panel of arbitrators, which shall be selected from a roster, maintained by the Board, of persons with rail transportation, economic regulation, professional or busi-ness experience, including agriculture, in the 
private sector. 
‘‘(2) I
NDEPENDENCE .—In an arbitration 
under this section, the arbitrators shall per-form their duties with diligence, good faith, and in a manner consistent with the require-ments of impartiality and independence. 
‘‘(3) S
ELECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the parties cannot 
mutually agree on an arbitrator, or the lead arbitrator of a panel of arbitrators, the par-ties shall select the arbitrator or lead arbi-trator from the roster by alternately strik-ing names from the roster until only 1 name remains meeting the criteria set forth in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) P
ANEL OF ARBITRATORS .—If the parties 
agree to select a panel of arbitrators, instead of a single arbitrator, the panel shall be se-lected under this subsection as follows: 
‘‘(i) The parties to a dispute may mutually 
select 1 arbitrator from the roster to serve as the lead arbitrator of the panel of arbitra-tors. 
‘‘(ii) If the parties cannot mutually agree 
on a lead arbitrator, the parties shall select a lead arbitrator using the process described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(iii) In addition to the lead arbitrator se-
lected under this subparagraph, each party to a dispute shall select 1 additional arbi-trator from the roster, regardless of whether the other party struck out the arbitrator’s name under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(4) C
OST.—The parties shall share the 
costs incurred by the Board and arbitrators equally, with each party responsible for pay-ing its own legal and other associated arbi-tration costs. 
‘‘(g) R
ELIEF .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the limita-
tions set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3), an arbitral decision under this section may award the payment of damages or rate pre-scriptive relief. 
‘‘(2) P
RACTICE DISPUTES .—The damage 
award for practice disputes may not exceed $2,000,000. 
‘‘(3) R
ATE DISPUTES .— 
‘‘(A) M ONETARY LIMIT .—The damage award 
for rate disputes, including any rate pre-scription, may not exceed $25,000,000. 
‘‘(B) T
IME LIMIT .—Any rate prescription 
shall be limited to not longer than 5 years from the date of the arbitral decision. 
‘‘(h) B
OARD REVIEW .—If a party appeals a 
decision under this section to the Board, the Board may review the decision under this section to determine if— 
‘‘(1) the decision is consistent with sound 
principles of rail regulation economics; 
‘‘(2) a clear abuse of arbitral authority or 
discretion occurred; 
‘‘(3) the decision directly contravenes stat-
utory authority; or 
‘‘(4) the award limitation under subsection 
(g) was violated.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 117 is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘11708. Voluntary arbitration of certain rail 
rates and practice disputes.’’. 
SEC. 14. EFFECT OF PROPOSALS FOR RATES 
FROM MULTIPLE ORIGINS AND DES-TINATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a study of rail transpor-tation contract proposals containing mul-tiple origin-to-destination movements. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
commencing the study required under sub-section (a), the Comptroller General shall submit a report containing the results of the study to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.003 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9221 December 10, 2015 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 15. REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORT ON RATECASEMETHODOLOGY .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Surface Transpor-tation Board shall submit a report to the congressional committees referred to in sec-tion 14(b) that— 
(1) indicates whether current large rate 
case methodologies are sufficient, not un-duly complex, and cost effective; 
(2) indicates whether alternative meth-
odologies exist, or could be developed, to streamline, expedite, and address the com-plexity of large rate cases; and 
(3) only includes alternative methodolo-
gies, which exist or could be developed, that are consistent with sound economic prin-ciples. 
(b) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Beginning not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Surface Transportation Board shall submit quarterly reports to the congressional committees referred to in sec-tion 14(b) that describes the Surface Trans-portation Board’s progress toward addressing the issues raised in each unfinished regu-latory proceeding, regardless of whether the proceeding is subject to a statutory or regu-latory deadline. 
SEC. 16. CRITERIA. 
Section 10704(a)(2) is amended by inserting 
‘‘for the infrastructure and investment need-ed to meet the present and future demand for rail services and’’ after ‘‘management,’’. 
SEC. 17. CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed to 
affect any suit commenced by or against the Surface Transportation Board, or any pro-ceeding or challenge pending before the Sur-face Transportation Board, before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the 
gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on S. 808. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ), the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for giving me time to speak on the Surface Transportation Board Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
This is an important piece of legisla-
tion that will reform the STB to work more efficiently to better regulate the railroads. This year is the 35th anniver-sary of the passage of the Staggers Rail Act of 1980, which saved the railroad industry from bankruptcy. 
Earlier this year, my subcommittee 
held a hearing on the successes of the railroad deregulation. We heard how railroads were freed to act more like true businesses by charging market- 
driven rates and being able to right- size their operations along rail lines, which made economic sense. 
This deregulation effort culminated 
in the creation of the STB in the Inter-state Commerce Commission Termi-nation Act of 1995. The STB is a small but significant agency that conducts the economic regulation of the rail-
roads and has not been reauthorized since its creation. 
b1500 
The bill we consider today would 
streamline and simplify regulatory ac-tivities, a hallmark of this Congress. 
While the STB has successfully over-
seen a stronger railroad industry, this bill will help the rail industry better serve its customers: 
First, it streamlines dispute resolu-
tion procedures and sets hard deadlines for completion of rate cases to reduce litigation costs; 
Second, it provides greater trans-
parency into complaints received by the STB and requires enhanced report-ing by the agency; 
Third, it rejects Big Government re- 
regulatory action that has been pro-posed in the past. Instead, it makes necessary reforms to the agency to im-prove its processes and procedures; 
Finally, the bill has broad support 
from shipper groups across the coun-try, including the National Grain and Feed Association, the American Chem-istry Council, The Fertilizer Institute, and the American Farm Bureau Fed-eration. 
I am pleased to stand here today and 
support the STB Reauthorization Act. It is only fitting that we are consid-ering this bill just over 35 years since Congress passed the Staggers Rail Act, which allowed the railroads to thrive. I believe this bill will continue to make the STB and the rail industry better for the Nation’s rail shippers, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am getting sick and 
tired of agreeing with my colleagues. This is the way transportation issues are supposed to be: bipartisan, thoughtful, and relatively easy to pass. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to support S. 808, 
which reauthorizes the STB, as you have already heard. This Board has not been reauthorized since it was created by the Interstate Commerce Commis-sion Termination Act of 1995. That is ridiculous. It is about time we do it, and I am happy that I am here today to participate in that. 
For those who don’t know, the Sur-
face Transportation Board is currently a three-member, bipartisan agency within the Department of Transpor-tation. They have regulatory jurisdic-tion over the rates freight railroads charge their customers, mergers be-tween railroad companies, new rail line construction, abandonment and con-version of existing rail lines, and other such matters. Though an agency very few Ameri-
cans know about, the STB has a pro-found impact on the availability and cost of goods across our Nation. This bill makes a number of commonsense reforms to the Board. 
It establishes the STB as an inde-
pendent entity, rather than as part of the Department of Transportation, and expands Board membership from three to five. I know that sounds like a small matter, but by doing so, it allows mem-bers to actually talk to each other without breaking certain laws of mem-bers being unable to talk for obvious open government purposes. 
The bill requires the STB to stream-
line their processes for certain rate cases; sets rate review timelines for full, standalone cost rate challenges; and requires the STB to initiate a pro-ceeding to develop other methods to expedite rate cases. 
For the first time, the STB will be 
able to initiate their own investiga-tions on different allegations. Right now, current law requires someone to bring a complaint before they can ini-tiate a review. This is a major improve-ment. 
The bill requires the STB to establish 
a voluntary and binding arbitration process to resolve rail rate and service complaints, and it requires the STB to evaluate whether current large rate case methodologies are sufficient, cost- effective, and are not unduly complex. 
S. 808 is an important step forward on 
an important, if not widely known, issue. I urge Members to support this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to thank 
Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, and, of course, our colleagues in 
the Senate for bringing this bill for-ward. 
I think Mr. C
APUANO said it accu-
rately: Transportation and infrastruc-ture bills should come to the floor in a bipartisan way, figuring these things out, because this is good for America. It has nothing to do with Republicans or Democrats. It has to do with what is good for the American people, what is good for the American economy. 
The Surface Transportation Board is 
the Federal economic regulator of the Nation’s freight system, and that has been a real success story. Since the Staggers Rail Act was passed, I believe, as the gentleman from Massachusetts mentioned, in 1980, our freight rail sys-tem is the envy of the world. It is strong. It is vibrant. It does a great job. But I know the STB reauthoriza-tion and making some of these signifi-cant changes is going to be beneficial to everybody. 
I think the gentleman from Cali-
fornia ticked off a list of different out-side groups or stakeholders and people that utilize rail that are in favor of this. Again, they sat down and worked it out. This will allow the STB to run 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.003 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9222 December 10, 2015 
more efficiently and, ultimately, 
again, as I said, improve the Nation’s economy. 
I am not going to go through all the 
description—Mr. C
APUANO did a great 
job of that—of the changes that it makes and the authorities it gives them. It is going to streamline this and get these rate cases to the STB faster and get us through that process quicker. That is extremely important. So I believe this legislation is a crucial step for the railroad industry, the folks that use it on a day-to-day basis, and the American economy. 
As mentioned, the Senate passed this 
bill with broad support, and I am pleased that we are moving this for-ward today. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), 
my friend, the ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the ranking member of the sub-committee for yielding. He has already explained in detail what is important about this legislation: the first reau-thorization since the creation of the agency, the streamlining of rate dis-pute processes, the potential of arbitra-tion in the future, and enlarging the Board so they can be more facile in terms of making decisions without vio-lating public meetings laws. All those things are very important. I am just going to add a little bit of what this means to me kind of stuff for anybody who might be interested. 
When I was a relatively junior Mem-
ber of Congress—I think I am probably the only Member of Congress who has testified twice before the Surface Transportation Board—we had a huge crisis in the West—I think it was after the UP–SP merger—where my Christ-mas tree growers couldn’t get railcars. So I famously made the ‘‘How the Grinch Stole Christmas’’ presentation to the Surface Transportation Board. We did, not too long thereafter, get some railcars delivered and got those trees to families all across the Western United States. That was important to an important little industry that we have in Oregon. 
More importantly, I went to the Sur-
face Transportation Board again. We had something called RailAmerica, which was an accumulation of many, many short line railroads across the country. It was bought by and being managed by one of those wonderful Wall Street hedge funds, who were driving both our rail line and other rail lines into the ground. They didn’t have the slightest bit of interest in being in the rail business. They were just trying to drain what money they could out of those railroads. 
One bright, sunny day, they decided 
to abandon the Coos Bay Railroad. It runs from the Willamette Valley all the way down to Coos Bay, Oregon, and back up to Coquille. It covers about 150 
miles. It was the only rail to the coast and to a major port in Oregon, the Port of Coos Bay, North Bend. 
They managed to get their equip-
ment back, but they stranded railcars full of lumber and other goods by say-ing: ‘‘Sorry, it is done. We are done.’’ They didn’t notify anybody. No proper procedures were filed. ‘‘We are aban-doning the line, and we are going to rip it up, and we are going to sell the rails to the Chinese for scrap.’’ 
Well, that didn’t come to pass. I got 
together with the then-Governor and we brought some legal clout to the table. We partnered with the Port of Coos Bay, North Bend, and said what if we can get Federal and State money and buy this railroad? The hedge fund said they weren’t interested. They thought they could make more money by ripping it up, selling the right-of- way, and selling the scrap steel to China. 
So I went to the Surface Transpor-
tation Board. The Surface Transpor-tation Board made the hedge fund sell the railroad as a railroad. As decrepit as it was, it was an incredibly critical piece of infrastructure. 
I took one of those horrible earmarks 
that we don’t do around here anymore that I had gotten to improve the rail bridge over the harbor and got that converted in a technical correction to money to help purchase the railroad from this rotten hedge fund. The State partnered. The port became the oper-ator. 
Last year, the Coos Bay Rail Link 
got the Short Line Operator of the Year award. It is providing a tremen-dous economic benefit and future for the south coast of my district. And ab-sent the regulators—we all want to carry on about how bad regulators are, but when you have abusers out there like hedge funds that buy up critical infrastructure and couldn’t give a damn about them—we need people like the Surface Transportation Board to preserve critical assets for our commu-nities. 
So I am thrilled to be here today to 
reauthorize, for the first time, the Sur-face Transportation Board, streamline them, and enhance their capabilities so that in the future, other aggrieved communities or business sectors can go to the STB and get a quick judgment when they need and deserve it. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  
a list of over 160 organizations that support S. 808. They are users of the railroad system, from agriculture in-terests to chemical, auto, pipe manu-facturers, and energy companies. 
Agribusiness Association of Iowa, Agri-
business Council of Indiana, Agricultural Re-tailers Association, Agriculture Transpor-tation Coalition, Alabama Crop Management Association, Alliance for Rail Competition, Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, American Chemistry Council, American 
Farm Bureau Federation, American Forest & Paper Association, American Fuel & Petro-chemical Manufacturers, American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers Association, American Iron and Steel Institute, American Malting Barley Association, Inc., American Public Power Association, American Soy-bean Association, Auto Care Association, Chemical Industry Council of Delaware, Chemical Industry Council of Illinois, Chem-istry Council of Missouri. 
Chemistry Council of New Jersey, Colorado 
Association of Wheat Growers, Connecticut Business & Industry Association, Corn Refin-ers Association, Edison Electric Institute, Florida Fertilizer & Agrichemical Associa-tion, Foundry Association of Michigan, Freight Rail Customer Alliance, Georgia Ag-
ribusiness Council, Georgia Chemistry Coun-cil, Glass Packaging Institute, Grain and Feed Association of Illinois, Green Coffee As-sociation, Grocery Manufacturers Associa-tion, Growth Energy, Idaho Barley Commis-sion, Idaho Grain Producers Association. 
Idaho Wheat Commission, Illinois Fer-
tilizer & Chemical Association, Indiana Corn Growers Association, Indiana Farm Bureau, Indiana Soybean Alliance, Institute of Mak-ers of Explosives, Institute of Scrap Recy-cling Industries, Inc., Institute of Shortening and Edible Oils, International Liquid Termi-nals Association, International Warehouse Logistics Association, Kansas Grain and Feed Association, Louisiana Chemical Asso-ciation, Manufacture Alabama, Manufactur-ers Association of Florida, Massachusetts Chemistry & Technology Alliance, Michigan Agri-Business Association, Michigan Bean Shippers, Michigan Chemistry Council. 
Midwest Food Processors Association, Min-
nesota AgriGrowth Council, Minnesota Crop Production Retailers, Minnesota Grain and Feed Association, Mississippi Manufacturers Association, Missouri Agribusiness Associa-tion, Missouri Forest Products Association, Montana Agricultural Business Association, Montana Farmers Union, Montana Grain Elevators Association, Motorcycle Industry Council, National Association of Chemical Distributors, National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, National Asso-ciation of Wheat Growers, National Barley Growers Association, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton Council of America, National Council of Farmer Co-operatives, National Farmers Union. 
National Grain and Feed Association, Na-
tional Industrial Transportation League, Na-tional Oilseed Processors Association, Na-tional Onion Association, National Pasta As-sociation, National Retail Federation, Na-tional Rural Electric Cooperative Associa-tion, National Shippers Strategic Transpor-tation Council, National Sunflower Associa-tion, Nebraska Agri-Business Association, Inc., Nebraska Grain and Feed Association, Nebraska Soybean Association, Nebraska Wheat Board, Nebraska Wheat Growers Asso-ciation, New York State Agribusiness Asso-ciation, New York State Chemistry Council, North American Millers’ Association, North Carolina Manufacturers Alliance. 
North Dakota Grain Dealers Association, 
Northeast Agribusiness and Feed Alliance, Ohio Agribusiness Association, Ohio Chem-istry Technology Council, Oklahoma Agri-business Retailers Association, Oklahoma Grain and Feed Association, Oregon Wheat Growers League, Outdoor Power Equipment Association, Inc., Pennsylvania Chemical In-dustry Council, Plastic Pipe and Fittings As-sociation, Plastics Pipe and Fittings Asso-ciation, Portland Cement Association, Pro-motional Products Association Inter-national, PVC Pipe Association, Rail Cus-tomer Coalition, Renewable Fuels Associa-tion, Rocky Mountain Agribusiness Associa-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.019 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9223 December 10, 2015 
Society of Chemical Manufacturers and Af-
filiates, South Carolina Fertilizer and Agrichemicals Association, South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance, South Dakota Farmers Union, South Dakota Grain & Feed Association, South Dakota Wheat Inc., SPI: The Plastics Industry Trade Association, Steel Manufacturers Association, Texas Ag Industries Association, Texas Chemical Council, Texas Grain & Feed Association, Texas Wheat Producers Association, The Chlorine Institute, The Fertilizer Institute, The National Industrial Transportation League, The Sulphur Institute, The Vinyl In-stitute. 
United States Fashion Industry Associa-
tion, US Canola Association, US Dry Bean Council, US Dry Pea & Lentil Council, USA Rice Federation, Vinyl Building Council, Vinyl Siding Institute, Inc., Washington As-sociation of Wheat Growers, Washington Grain Commission, West Virginia Manufac-turers Association, Western Fuels Associa-tion, Western Governors’ Association, West-ern Plant Health Association, Wisconsin Agri-Business Association, Wisconsin Corn Growers Association, Wisconsin Electric Co-operative Association, Wyoming Ag Business Association, Wyoming Wheat Marketing Commission. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Again, I would just 
urge all my colleagues to support this important reauthorization and reform to the Surface Transportation Board. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 808. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2250. An act making appropriations 
for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4188) to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4188 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard 
Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 101. Authorizations. 
Sec. 102. Conforming amendments. 
TITLE II—COAST GUARD 
Sec. 201. Vice Commandant. 
Sec. 202. Vice admirals. Sec. 203. Coast Guard remission of indebted-
ness. 
Sec. 204. Acquisition reform. Sec. 205. Auxiliary jurisdiction. Sec. 206. Coast Guard communities. Sec. 207. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 208. Air facility closures. Sec. 209. Technical corrections to title 14, 
United States Code. 
Sec. 210. Discontinuance of an aid to naviga-
tion. 
Sec. 211. Mission performance measures. Sec. 212. Communications. Sec. 213. Coast Guard graduate maritime op-
erations education. 
Sec. 214. Professional development. Sec. 215. Senior enlisted member continu-
ation boards. 
Sec. 216. Coast Guard member pay. Sec. 217. Transfer of funds necessary to pro-
vide medical care. 
Sec. 218. Participation of the Coast Guard 
Academy in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. 
Sec. 219. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 220. Investigations. Sec. 221. Clarification of eligibility of mem-
bers of the Coast Guard for combat-related special com-pensation. 
Sec. 222. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. 
TITLE III—SHIPPING AND NAVIGATION 
Sec. 301. Survival craft. 
Sec. 302. Vessel replacement. Sec. 303. Model years for recreational ves-
sels. 
Sec. 304. Merchant mariner credential expi-
ration harmonization. 
Sec. 305. Safety zones for permitted marine 
events. 
Sec. 306. Technical corrections. Sec. 307. Recommendations for improve-
ments of marine casualty re-porting. 
Sec. 308. Recreational vessel engine weights. Sec. 309. Merchant mariner medical certifi-
cation reform. 
Sec. 310. Atlantic Coast port access route 
study. 
Sec. 311. Certificates of documentation for 
recreational vessels. 
Sec. 312. Program guidelines. Sec. 313. Repeals. Sec. 314. Maritime drug law enforcement. Sec. 315. Examinations for merchant mar-
iner credentials. 
Sec. 316. Higher volume port area regulatory 
definition change. 
Sec. 317. Recognition of port security assess-
ments conducted by other enti-ties. 
Sec. 318. Fishing vessel and fish tender ves-
sel certification. 
Sec. 319. Interagency Coordinating Com-
mittee on Oil Pollution Re-search. 
Sec. 320. International port and facility in-
spection coordination. 
TITLE IV—FEDERAL MARITIME 
COMMISSION 
Sec. 401. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 402. Duties of the Chairman. Sec. 403. Prohibition on awards. 
TITLE V—CONVEYANCES 
Subtitle A—Miscellaneous Conveyances 
Sec. 501. Conveyance of Coast Guard prop-
erty in Point Reyes Station, California. Sec. 502. Conveyance of Coast Guard prop-
erty in Tok, Alaska. 
Subtitle B—Pribilof Islands 
Sec. 521. Short title. 
Sec. 522. Transfer and disposition of prop-
erty. 
Sec. 523. Notice of certification. Sec. 524. Redundant capability. 
Subtitle C—Conveyance of Coast Guard 
Property at Point Spencer, Alaska 
Sec. 531. Findings. 
Sec. 532. Definitions. Sec. 533. Authority to convey land in Point 
Spencer. 
Sec. 534. Environmental compliance, liabil-
ity, and monitoring. 
Sec. 535. Easements and access. Sec. 536. Relationship to Public Land Order 
2650. 
Sec. 537. Archeological and cultural re-
sources. 
Sec. 538. Maps and legal descriptions. Sec. 539. Chargeability for land conveyed. Sec. 540. Redundant capability. Sec. 541. Port Coordination Council for 
Point Spencer. 
TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
Sec. 601. Modification of reports. 
Sec. 602. Safe vessel operation in the Great 
Lakes. 
Sec. 603. Use of vessel sale proceeds. Sec. 604. National Academy of Sciences cost 
assessment. 
Sec. 605. Penalty wages. Sec. 606. Recourse for noncitizens. Sec. 607. Coastwise endorsements. Sec. 608. International Ice Patrol. Sec. 609. Assessment of oil spill response and 
cleanup activities in the Great Lakes. 
Sec. 610. Report on status of technology de-
tecting passengers who have fallen overboard. 
Sec. 611. Venue. Sec. 612. Disposition of infrastructure re-
lated to E–LORAN. 
Sec. 613. Parking. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 14, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART III—COAST GUARD AUTHORIZA-
TIONS AND REPORTS TO CONGRESS 
‘‘Chap. Sec. 
‘‘27. Authorizations ............................ 2701 
‘‘29. Reports ....................................... 2901 
‘‘CHAPTER 27—AUTHORIZATIONS 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘2702. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘2704. Authorized levels of military strength 
and training. 
‘‘§ 2702. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘Funds are authorized to be appropriated 
for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for nec-essary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: 
‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of 
the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for— 
‘‘(A) $6,981,036,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $6,981,036,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-
ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment— 
‘‘(A) $1,945,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $1,945,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.005 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9224 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(A) $140,016,000 for fiscal year 2016; and 
‘‘(B) $140,016,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title— 
‘‘(A) $16,701,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $16,701,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant of the Coast 
Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mis-sion with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine envi-ronmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment— 
‘‘(A) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
‘‘§ 2704. Authorized levels of military strength 
and training 
‘‘(a) A
CTIVE DUTY STRENGTH .—The Coast 
Guard is authorized an end-of-year strength for active duty personnel of 43,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
‘‘(b) M
ILITARY TRAINING STUDENT LOADS .— 
The Coast Guard is authorized average mili-tary training student loads for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 as follows: 
‘‘(1) For recruit and special training, 2,500 
student years. 
‘‘(2) For flight training, 165 student years. ‘‘(3) For professional training in military 
and civilian institutions, 350 student years. 
‘‘(4) For officer acquisition, 1,200 student 
years. 
‘‘CHAPTER 29—REPORTS 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘2904. Manpower requirements plan. 
‘‘§ 2904. Manpower requirements plan 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—On the date on which 
the President submits to the Congress a budget for fiscal year 2017 under section 1105 of title 31, on the date on which the Presi-dent submits to the Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section, and every 4 years thereafter, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a manpower requirements plan. 
‘‘(b) S
COPE.—A manpower requirements 
plan submitted under subsection (a) shall in-clude for each mission of the Coast Guard— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of all projected mission 
requirements for the upcoming fiscal year and for each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
‘‘(2) the number of active duty, reserve, 
and civilian personnel assigned or available to fulfill such mission requirements— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
‘‘(3) the number of active duty, reserve, 
and civilian personnel required to fulfill such mission requirements— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
‘‘(4) an identification of any capability 
gaps between mission requirements and mis-sion performance caused by deficiencies in the numbers of personnel available— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; and 
‘‘(5) an identification of the actions the 
Commandant will take to address capability gaps identified under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION .—In composing a man-
power requirements plan for submission 
under subsection (a), the Commandant shall consider— ‘‘(1) the marine safety strategy required 
under section 2116 of title 46; 
‘‘(2) information on the adequacy of the ac-
quisition workforce included in the most re-cent report under section 2903 of this title; and 
‘‘(3) any other Federal strategic planning 
effort the Commandant considers appro-priate.’’. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PRIOR AUTHORIZATION  
OFAPPROPRIATIONS .—Section 662 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating such section as section 
2701; 
(2) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2702 of such title (as added by subsection (a) of this section); and 
(3) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of 
the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for. 
‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-
ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment. 
‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title. 
‘‘(5) For research, development, test, and 
evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(6) For alteration or removal of bridges 
over navigable waters of the United States constituting obstructions to navigation, and for personnel and administrative costs asso-ciated with the Alteration of Bridges Pro-gram.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL END 
STRENGTHS .—Section 661 of title 14, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating such section as section 
2703; and 
(2) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2704 of such title (as added by subsection (a) of this section). 
(d) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) T RANSMISSION OF ANNUAL COAST GUARD  
AUTHORIZATION REQUEST .—Section 662a of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2901; 
(B) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2904 of such title (as added by subsection (a) of this section); and 
(C) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘described 
in section 661’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2703’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘described 
in section 662’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2701’’. 
(2) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN .—Section 663 
of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2902; and 
(B) by transferring such section to appear 
after section 2901 of such title (as so redesig-nated and transferred by paragraph (1) of this subsection). 
(3) M
AJOR ACQUISITIONS .—Section 569a of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2903; 
(B) by transferring such section to appear 
after section 2902 of such title (as so redesig-nated and transferred by paragraph (2) of this subsection); and 
(C) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘of this 
subchapter’’. 
(e) I
CEBREAKERS .— (1) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For 
fiscal years 2016 and 2017, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a) of this section), for the selection of a design for and the construction of an icebreaker that is capable of buoy tending to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. 
(2) P
OLAR ICEBREAKING .—Of the amounts 
authorized to be appropriated under section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), there is author-ized to be appropriated to the Coast Guard $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 for preacquisition activi-ties for a new polar icebreaker, including ini-tial specification development and feasi-bility studies. 
(f) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSIONS .—The Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— 
(1) each plan required under section 2904 of 
title 14, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a) of this section; 
(2) each plan required under section 2903(e) 
of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 206 of this Act; 
(3) each plan required under section 2902 of 
title 14, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section; and 
(4) each mission need statement required 
under section 569 of title 14, United States Code. 
SEC. 102. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A NALYSIS FOR TITLE 14.—The analysis 
for title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to part II the following: 
‘‘III. Coast Guard Authorizations and 
Reports to Congress ..................... 2701’’ . 
(b) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 15.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 569a. 
(c) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 17.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relat-ing to sections 661, 662, 662a, and 663. 
(d) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 27.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting— 
(1) before the item relating to section 2702 
the following: 
‘‘2701. Requirement for prior authorization of 
appropriations.’’; 
and 
(2) before the item relating to section 2704 
the following: 
‘‘2703. Authorization of personnel end 
strengths.’’. 
(e) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 29.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting before the item re-lating to section 2904 the following: 
‘‘2901. Transmission of annual Coast Guard 
authorization request. 
‘‘2902. Capital investment plan. ‘‘2903. Major acquisitions.’’. 
(f) M
ISSION NEED STATEMENT .—Section 
569(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘in section 
569a(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘in section 2903’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘under sec-
tion 663(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 2902(a)(1)’’. 
TITLE II—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 201. VICE COMMANDANT. 
(a) G RADES AND RATINGS .—Section 41 of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘an admiral,’’ and inserting ‘‘admi-rals (two);’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9225 December 10, 2015 
(b) V ICECOMMANDANT ; APPOINTMENT .—Sec-
tion 47 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘vice admiral’’ and in-serting ‘‘admiral’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 51 of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’ each place it ap-pears; and 
(3) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’. 
SEC. 202. VICE ADMIRALS. 
Section 50 of title 14, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) The President may— 
‘‘(A) designate, within the Coast Guard, no 
more than five positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving— 
‘‘(i) shall have the grade of vice admiral, 
with the pay and allowances of that grade; and 
‘‘(ii) shall perform such duties as the Com-
mandant may prescribe, except that if the President designates five such positions, one position shall be the Chief of Staff of the Coast Guard; and 
‘‘(B) designate, within the executive 
branch, other than within the Coast Guard or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving, shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A) by striking ‘‘under 
paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under para-graph (1)(A)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) at the discretion of the Secretary, 
while awaiting orders after being relieved from the position, beginning on the day the officer is relieved from the position, but not for more than 60 days; and’’. 
SEC. 203. COAST GUARD REMISSION OF INDEBT-
EDNESS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITY TOREMIT IN-
DEBTEDNESS .—Section 461 of title 14, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 461. Remission of indebtedness 
‘‘The Secretary may have remitted or can-
celled any part of a person’s indebtedness to the United States or any instrumentality of the United States if— 
‘‘(1) the indebtedness was incurred while 
the person served on active duty as a mem-ber of the Coast Guard; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that remit-
ting or cancelling the indebtedness is in the best interest of the United States.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 461 and inserting the following: 
‘‘461. Remission of indebtedness.’’. 
SEC. 204. ACQUISITION REFORM. 
(a) M INIMUM PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
Section 572(d)(3) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) 
through (H) as subparagraphs (E) through (J), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: ‘‘(B) the performance data to be used to de-
termine whether the key performance pa-rameters have been resolved;’’; and 
(4) by inserting after subparagraph (C), as 
redesignated by paragraph (2) of this sub-section, the following: 
‘‘(D) the results during test and evaluation 
that will be required to demonstrate that a capability, asset, or subsystem meets per-formance requirements;’’. 
(b) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN.—Section 
2902 of title 14, United States Code, as redes-ignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘com-
pletion;’’ and inserting ‘‘completion based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget;’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘at 
the projected funding levels;’’ and inserting ‘‘based on the proposed appropriations in-cluded in the budget;’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c), and inserting after subsection (a) the following: 
‘‘(b) N
EWCAPITAL ASSETS .—In the fiscal 
year following each fiscal year for which ap-propriations are enacted for a new capital asset, the report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— 
‘‘(1) an estimated life-cycle cost estimate 
for the new capital asset; 
‘‘(2) an assessment of the impact the new 
capital asset will have on— 
‘‘(A) delivery dates for each capital asset; ‘‘(B) estimated completion dates for each 
capital asset; 
‘‘(C) the total estimated cost to complete 
each capital asset; and 
‘‘(D) other planned construction or im-
provement projects; and 
‘‘(3) recommended funding levels for each 
capital asset necessary to meet the esti-mated completion dates and total estimated costs included in the such asset’s approved acquisition program baseline.’’; and 
(3) by amending subsection (c), as so redes-
ignated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a 
program or mission requirement that— 
‘‘(A) has not been selected for funding in 
the applicable proposed budget; 
‘‘(B) is necessary to fulfill a requirement 
associated with an operational need; and 
‘‘(C) the Commandant would have rec-
ommended for inclusion in the applicable proposed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(A) an acquisition program that does not 
have an approved acquisition program base-line; or 
‘‘(B) the acquisition of a capital asset in 
excess of the number included in the ap-proved acquisition program baseline.’’. 
(c) D
AYSAWAYFROMHOMEPORT .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— 
(1) implement a standard for tracking oper-
ational days at sea for Coast Guard cutters that does not include days during which such cutters are undergoing maintenance or re-pair; and 
(2) notify the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the standard implemented under paragraph (1). 
(d) F
IXED WINGAIRCRAFT FLEET MIXANAL-
YSIS.—Not later than September 30, 2016, the 
Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-
tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a revised fleet mix analysis of Coast Guard fixed wing aircraft. 
(e) L
ONG-TERM MAJOR ACQUISITIONS  
PLAN.—Section 2903 of title 14, United States 
Code, as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (g); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) L
ONG-TERM MAJOR ACQUISITIONS  
PLAN.—Each report under subsection (a) 
shall include a plan that describes for the up-coming fiscal year, and for each of the 20 fis-cal years thereafter— 
‘‘(1) the numbers and types of cutters and 
aircraft to be decommissioned; 
‘‘(2) the numbers and types of cutters and 
aircraft to be acquired to— 
‘‘(A) replace the cutters and aircraft iden-
tified under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) address an identified capability gap; 
and 
‘‘(3) the estimated level of funding in each 
fiscal year required to— 
‘‘(A) acquire the cutters and aircraft iden-
tified under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(B) acquire related command, control, 
communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance systems; and 
‘‘(C) acquire, construct, or renovate shore-
side infrastructure. 
‘‘(f) Q
UARTERLY UPDATES ON RISKS OF PRO-
GRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days 
after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the committees of Congress specified in subsection (a) an update setting forth a current assessment of the risks associated with all current major acquisition programs. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each update under this 
subsection shall set forth, for each current major acquisition program, the following: 
‘‘(A) The top five current risks to such pro-
gram. 
‘‘(B) Any failure of such program to dem-
onstrate a key performance parameter or threshold during operational test and eval-uation conducted during the fiscal year quar-ter preceding such update. 
‘‘(C) Whether there has been any decision 
during such fiscal year quarter to order full- rate production before all key performance parameters or thresholds are met. 
‘‘(D) Whether there has been any breach of 
major acquisition program cost (as defined by the Major Systems Acquisition Manual) during such fiscal year quarter. 
‘‘(E) Whether there has been any breach of 
major acquisition program schedule (as so defined) during such fiscal year quarter.’’. 
SEC. 205. AUXILIARY JURISDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 822 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The purpose’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The Auxiliary may con-
duct a patrol of a waterway, or a portion thereof, only if— 
‘‘(1) the Commandant has determined such 
waterway, or portion thereof, is navigable for purposes of the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard; or 
‘‘(2) a State or other proper authority has 
requested such patrol pursuant to section 141 of this title or section 13109 of title 46.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard shall— 
(1) review the waterways patrolled by the 
Coast Guard Auxiliary in the most recently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9226 December 10, 2015 
completed fiscal year to determine whether 
such waterways are eligible or ineligible for patrol under section 822(b) of title 14, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)); and 
(2) not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a written notification of— 
(A) any waterways determined ineligible 
for patrol under paragraph (1); and 
(B) the actions taken by the Commandant 
to ensure Auxiliary patrols do not occur on such waterways. 
SEC. 206. COAST GUARD COMMUNITIES. 
Section 409 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-
tion Act of 1998 (14 U.S.C. 639 note) is amend-ed in the second sentence by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’. 
SEC. 207. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) I NCREMENTAL FUNDING AUTHORITY FOR  
POLAR ICEBREAKERS .—In fiscal year 2016 and 
each fiscal year thereafter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may enter into a contract or contracts for the acquisition of polar ice-breakers and associated equipment using in-cremental funding. 
(b) ‘‘P
OLAR SEA’’ M ATERIEL CONDITION AS-
SESSMENT AND SERVICE LIFEEXTENSION .— 
Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 213; 126 Stat. 1560) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— 
‘‘(1) complete a materiel condition assess-
ment with respect to the Polar Sea; 
‘‘(2) make a determination of whether it is 
cost effective to reactivate the Polar Sea compared with other options to provide icebreaking services as part of a strategy to maintain polar icebreaking services; and 
‘‘(3) submit to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— 
‘‘(A) the assessment required under para-
graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) written notification of the determina-
tion required under paragraph (2).’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘analysis’’ 
and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (c); (4) by redesignating subsections (d) 
through (h) as subsections (c) through (g), re-spectively; 
(5) in subsection (c) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (4) of this section)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘based 
on the analysis required’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘anal-
ysis’’ and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘analysis’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (a)(3)(B)’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘that subsection’’; and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘under subsection (a)(5)’’; 
and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘in the analysis submitted 
under this section’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘(a)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘then’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘then’’; 
(iv) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and (v) by striking subparagraph (B); and 
(6) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (4) of this subsection) by striking ‘‘in subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘in sub-section (c)’’. 
SEC. 208. AIR FACILITY CLOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 676 the following: 
‘‘§ 676a. Air facility closures 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Coast Guard may 
not— 
‘‘(A) close a Coast Guard air facility that 
was in operation on November 30, 2014; or 
‘‘(B) retire, transfer, relocate, or deploy an 
aviation asset from an air facility described in subparagraph (A) for the purpose of clos-ing such facility. 
‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—Paragraph (1) shall have no 
force or effect beginning on the later of— 
‘‘(A) January 1, 2018; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the Secretary sub-
mits to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives, and to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, rotary wing strategic plans prepared in accordance with section 208(b) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) C
LOSURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning on January 1, 
2018, the Secretary may not close a Coast Guard air facility, except as specified by this section. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary may 
not propose closing or terminating oper-ations at a Coast Guard air facility unless the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(A) remaining search and rescue capabili-
ties maintain the safety of the maritime public in the area of the air facility; 
‘‘(B) regional or local prevailing weather 
and marine conditions, including water tem-peratures or unusual tide and current condi-tions, do not require continued operation of the air facility; and 
‘‘(C) Coast Guard search and rescue stand-
ards related to search and response times are met. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—Prior to 
closing an air facility, the Secretary shall provide opportunities for public comment, including the convening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the pro-posed closure or cessation of operations at the air facility. 
‘‘(4) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Prior to closure, 
cessation of operations, or any significant reduction in personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility that is in operation on or after December 31, 2015, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for 
such closure, cessation, or reduction in oper-ations along with the budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 for the fiscal year in which the action will be carried out; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 7 days after the date a 
proposal for an air facility is submitted pur-suant to subparagraph (A), provide written notice of such proposal to each of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Each member of the House of Rep-
resentatives who represents a district in which the air facility is located. 
‘‘(ii) Each member of the Senate who rep-
resents a State in which the air facility is lo-cated. 
‘‘(iii) Each member of the House of Rep-
resentatives who represents a district in which assets of the air facility conduct search and rescue operations. 
‘‘(iv) Each member of the Senate who rep-
resents a State in which assets of the air fa-cility conduct search and rescue operations. ‘‘(v) The Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(vi) The Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(vii) The Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate. 
‘‘(viii) The Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
‘‘(c) O
PERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—The Sec-
retary may implement any reasonable man-agement efficiencies within the air station and air facility network, such as modifying the operational posture of units or reallo-cating resources as necessary to ensure the safety of the maritime public nationwide.’’. 
(b) R
OTARY WINGSTRATEGIC PLANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-
partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall prepare the plans specified in paragraph (2) to adequately address contin-gencies arising from potential future avia-tion casualties or the planned or unplanned retirement of rotary wing airframes to avoid to the greatest extent practicable any sub-stantial gap or diminishment in Coast Guard operational capabilities. 
(2) R
OTARY WING STRATEGIC PLANS .— 
(A) R OTARY WING CONTINGENCY PLAN .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a contingency plan— 
(i) to address the planned or unplanned 
losses of rotary wing airframes; 
(ii) to reallocate resources as necessary to 
ensure the safety of the maritime public na-tionwide; and 
(iii) to ensure the operational posture of 
Coast Guard units. 
(B) R
OTARY WING REPLACEMENT CAPITAL IN -
VESTMENT PLAN .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the ac-quisition of new rotary wing airframes to re-place the Coast Guard’s legacy helicopters and fulfil all existing mission requirements. 
(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The plan developed 
under this subparagraph shall provide— 
(I) a total estimated cost for completion; (II) a timetable for completion of the ac-
quisition project and phased in transition to new airframes; and 
(III) projected annual funding levels for 
each fiscal year. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) A NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 17 .—The analysis 
for chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 676 the following: 
‘‘676a. Air facility closures.’’. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF PROHIBITION .—Section 225 of 
the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 281; 128 Stat. 3022) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’. 
SEC. 209. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO TITLE 14, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
Title 14, United States Code, as amended 
by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in the analysis for part I, by striking 
the item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the following: 
‘‘19. Environmental Compliance and 
Restoration Program ................... 690’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9227 December 10, 2015 
(2) in section 46(a), by striking ‘‘sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; 
(3) in section 47, in the section heading by 
striking ‘‘ commandant ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Com-
mandant ’’; 
(4) in section 93(f), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) L IMITATION .—The Commandant may 
lease submerged lands and tidelands under paragraph (1) only if— 
‘‘(A) the lease is for cash exclusively; ‘‘(B) the lease amount is equal to the fair 
market value of the use of the leased sub-merged lands or tidelands for the period dur-ing which such lands are leased, as deter-mined by the Commandant; 
‘‘(C) the lease does not provide authority 
to or commit the Coast Guard to use or sup-port any improvements to such submerged lands and tidelands, or obtain goods and services from the lessee; and 
‘‘(D) proceeds from the lease are deposited 
in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687.’’; 
(5) in the analysis for chapter 9, by strik-
ing the item relating to section 199 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘199. Marine safety curriculum.’’; 
(6) in section 427(b)(2), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 61 of title 10’’; 
(7) in the analysis for chapter 15 before the 
item relating to section 571, by striking the following: 
‘‘Sec.’’; 
(8) in section 581(5)(B), by striking 
‘‘$300,000,0000,’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000,’’; 
(9) in section 637(c)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘it is’’ before ‘‘any’’; 
(10) in section 641(d)(3), by striking ‘‘Guard, 
installation’’ and inserting ‘‘Guard installa-tion’’; 
(11) in section 691(c)(3), by striking ‘‘state’’ 
and inserting ‘‘State’’; 
(12) in the analysis for chapter 21— (A) by striking the item relating to section 
709 and inserting the following: 
‘‘709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-
serve aviation pilots; appoint-ments in commissioned grade.’’; 
and 
(B) by striking the item relating to section 
740 and inserting the following: 
‘‘740. Failure of selection and removal from 
an active status.’’; 
(13) in section 742(c), by striking ‘‘sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections’’; 
(14) in section 821(b)(1), by striking ‘‘Chap-
ter 26’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 171’’; and 
(15) in section 823a(b)(1), by striking 
‘‘Chapter 26’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 171’’. 
SEC. 210. DISCONTINUANCE OF AN AID TO NAVI-
GATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process for the discontinuance of an aid to navigation (other than a seasonal or tem-porary aid) established, maintained, or oper-ated by the Coast Guard. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The process established 
under subsection (a) shall include procedures to notify the public of any discontinuance of an aid to navigation described in that sub-section. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In establishing a proc-
ess under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with and consider any recommenda-tions of the Navigation Safety Advisory Council. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after establishing a process under subsection (a), the Secretary shall notify the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate of the process established. 
SEC. 211. MISSION PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the efficacy of the Coast Guard’s Standard Operational Planning Process with respect to annual mission performance measures. 
SEC. 212. COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary of Home-
land Security determines that there are at least two communications systems described under paragraph (1)(B) and certified under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall establish and carry out a pilot program across not less than three components of the Department of Homeland Security to assess the effective-ness of a communications system that— 
(1) provides for— (A) multiagency collaboration and inter-
operability; and 
(B) wide-area, secure, and peer-invitation- 
and acceptance-based multimedia commu-nications; 
(2) is certified by the Department of De-
fense Joint Interoperability Test Center; and 
(3) is composed of commercially available, 
off-the-shelf technology. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date on which the pilot program is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an assessment of the pilot pro-gram, including the impacts of the program with respect to interagency and Coast Guard response capabilities. 
(c) S
TRATEGY .—The pilot program shall be 
consistent with the strategy required by the Department of Homeland Security Interoper-able Communications Act (Public Law 114– 29). 
(d) T
IMING .—The pilot program shall com-
mence within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act or within 60 days after the completion of the strategy required by the Department of Homeland Security Inter-operable Communications Act (Public Law 114–29), whichever is later. 
SEC. 213. COAST GUARD GRADUATE MARITIME 
OPERATIONS EDUCATION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall establish an education pro-gram, for members and employees of the Coast Guard, that— 
(1) offers a master’s degree in maritime op-
erations; 
(2) is relevant to the professional develop-
ment of such members and employees; 
(3) provides resident and distant education 
options, including the ability to utilize both options; and 
(4) to the greatest extent practicable, is 
conducted using existing academic programs at an accredited public academic institution that— 
(A) is located near a significant number of 
Coast Guard, maritime, and other Depart-ment of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel; and 
(B) has an ability to simulate operations 
normally conducted at a command center. 
SEC. 214. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) M ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 428 the following: 
‘‘§ 429. Multirater assessment of certain per-
sonnel 
‘‘(a) M
ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT OF CERTAIN  
PERSONNEL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Commencing not later 
than one year after the date of the enact-ment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall develop and implement a plan to con-duct every two years a multirater assess-ment for each of the following: 
‘‘(A) Each flag officer of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(B) Each member of the Senior Executive 
Service of the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(C) Each officer of the Coast Guard nomi-
nated for promotion to the grade of flag offi-cer. 
‘‘(2) P
OST-ASSESSMENT ELEMENTS .—Fol-
lowing an assessment of an individual pursu-ant to paragraph (1), the individual shall be provided appropriate post-assessment coun-seling and leadership coaching. 
‘‘(b) M
ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘multirater assess-ment’ means a review that seeks opinion from members senior to the reviewee and the peers and subordinates of the reviewee.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item related to section 428 the following: 
‘‘429. Multirater assessment of certain per-
sonnel.’’. 
(b) T
RAINING COURSE ON WORKINGS OF CON-
GRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 60. Training course on workings of Con-
gress 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Com-mandant, in consultation with the Super-intendent of the Coast Guard Academy and such other individuals and organizations as the Commandant considers appropriate, shall develop a training course on the work-ings of the Congress and offer that training course at least once each year. 
‘‘(b) C
OURSE SUBJECT MATTER .—The train-
ing course required by this section shall pro-vide an overview and introduction to the Congress and the Federal legislative process, including— 
‘‘(1) the history and structure of the Con-
gress and the committee systems of the House of Representatives and the Senate, in-cluding the functions and responsibilities of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; 
‘‘(2) the documents produced by the Con-
gress, including bills, resolutions, committee reports, and conference reports, and the pur-poses and functions of those documents; 
‘‘(3) the legislative processes and rules of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate, including similarities and differences be-tween the two processes and rules, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the congressional budget process; ‘‘(B) the congressional authorization and 
appropriation processes; 
‘‘(C) the Senate advice and consent process 
for Presidential nominees; and 
‘‘(D) the Senate advice and consent process 
for treaty ratification; 
‘‘(4) the roles of Members of Congress and 
congressional staff in the legislative process; and 
‘‘(5) the concept and underlying purposes of 
congressional oversight within our govern-
ance framework of separation of powers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9228 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(c) L ECTURERS AND PANELISTS .— 
‘‘(1) O UTSIDE EXPERTS .—The Commandant 
shall ensure that not less than 60 percent of the lecturers, panelists, and other individ-uals providing education and instruction as part of the training course required by this section are experts on the Congress and the Federal legislative process who are not em-ployed by the executive branch of the Fed-eral Government. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT PRO BONO SERV -
ICES.—In satisfying the requirement under 
paragraph (1), the Commandant shall seek, and may accept, educational and instruc-tional services of lecturers, panelists, and other individuals and organizations provided to the Coast Guard on a pro bono basis. 
‘‘(d) C
OMPLETION OF REQUIRED TRAINING .— 
‘‘(1) C URRENT FLAG OFFICERS AND EMPLOY -
EES.—A Coast Guard flag officer appointed or 
assigned to a billet in the National Capital Region on the date of the enactment of this section, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee employed in the National Capital Region on the date of the enactment of this section, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section within 60 days after the date on which the Commandant completes the devel-opment of the training course. 
‘‘(2) N
EW FLAG OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES .— 
A Coast Guard flag officer who is newly ap-pointed or assigned to a billet in the Na-tional Capital Region, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee who is newly employed in the National Capital Re-gion, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section not later than 60 days after reporting for duty.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘60. Training course on workings of Con-
gress.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT ON LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on Coast Guard leadership de-velopment. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include the 
following: 
(A) An assessment of the feasibility of— (i) all officers (other than officers covered 
by section 429(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this section) com-pleting a multirater assessment; 
(ii) all members (other than officers cov-
ered by such section) in command positions completing a multirater assessment; 
(iii) all enlisted members in a supervisory 
position completing a multirater assess-ment; and 
(iv) members completing periodic 
multirater assessments. 
(B) Such recommendations as the Com-
mandant considers appropriate for the im-plementation or expansion of a multirater assessment in the personnel development programs of the Coast Guard. 
(C) An overview of each of the current 
leadership development courses of the Coast Guard, an assessment of the feasibility of the expansion of any such course, and a descrip-tion of the resources, if any, required to ex-pand such courses. 
(D) An assessment on the state of leader-
ship training in the Coast Guard, and rec-ommendations on the implementation of a policy to prevent leadership that has adverse effects on subordinates, the organization, or mission performance, including— 
(i) a description of methods that will be 
used by the Coast Guard to identify, mon-itor, and counsel individuals whose leader-
ship may have adverse effects on subordi-nates, the organization, or mission perform-ance; 
(ii) the implementation of leadership rec-
ognition training to recognize such leader-ship in one’s self and others; 
(iii) the establishment of procedures for 
the administrative separation of leaders whose leadership may have adverse effects on subordinates, the organization, or mission performance; and 
(iv) a description of the resources needed 
to implement this section. 
SEC. 215. SENIOR ENLISTED MEMBER CONTINU-
ATION BOARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 357 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a) through (h) 
and subsection (j); and 
(2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘(i)’’. 
(b) C ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) H EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of 
such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 357. Retirement of enlisted members: in-
crease in retired pay’’ . 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of chapter 11 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
‘‘357. Retirement of enlisted members: in-
crease in retired pay.’’. 
SEC. 216. COAST GUARD MEMBER PAY. 
(a) A NNUAL AUDIT OF PAY AND ALLOWANCES  
OF MEMBERS UNDERGOING PERMANENT  
CHANGE OF STATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 519. Annual audit of pay and allowances of 
members undergoing permanent change of station 
‘‘The Commandant shall conduct each cal-
endar year an audit of member pay and al-lowances for the members who transferred to new units during such calendar year. The audit for a calendar year shall be completed by the end of the calendar year.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘519. Annual audit of pay and allowances of 
members undergoing perma-nent change of station.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on alternative methods for no-tifying members of the Coast Guard of their monthly earnings. The report shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the feasibility of pro-
viding members a monthly notification of their earnings, categorized by pay and allow-ance type; and 
(2) a description and assessment of mecha-
nisms that may be used to provide members with notification of their earnings, cat-egorized by pay and allowance type. 
SEC. 217. TRANSFER OF FUNDS NECESSARY TO 
PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE. 
(a) T RANSFER REQUIRED .—In lieu of the re-
imbursement required under section 1085 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall transfer to the Sec-retary of Defense an amount that represents the actuarial valuation of treatment or care— 
(1) that the Department of Defense shall 
provide to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and de-pendents of such members and former mem-bers (other than former members and de-
pendents of former members who are a Medi-care-eligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense or a military de-partment; and 
(2) for which a reimbursement would other-
wise be made under section 1085. 
(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount transferred 
under subsection (a) shall be— 
(1) in the case of treatment or care to be 
provided to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts ap-propriated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard; 
(2) in the case of treatment or care to be 
provided former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appropriated for retired pay; 
(3) determined under procedures estab-
lished by the Secretary of Defense; 
(4) transferred during the fiscal year in 
which treatment or care is provided; and 
(5) subject to adjustment or reconciliation 
as the Secretaries determine appropriate during or promptly after such fiscal year in cases in which the amount transferred is de-termined excessive or insufficient based on the services actually provided. 
(c) N
OTRANSFER WHENSERVICE IN NAVY.— 
No transfer shall be made under this section 
for any period during which the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRICARE.—This sec-
tion shall not be construed to require a pay-ment for, or the transfer of an amount that represents the value of, treatment or care provided under any TRICARE program. 
SEC. 218. PARTICIPATION OF THE COAST GUARD 
ACADEMY IN FEDERAL, STATE, OR OTHER EDUCATIONAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
Section 196 of title 14, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—’’ before 
the first sentence; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) Q UALIFIED ORGANIZATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard may— 
‘‘(A) enter into a contract, cooperative 
agreement, lease, or licensing agreement with a qualified organization; 
‘‘(B) allow a qualified organization to use, 
at no cost, personal property of the Coast Guard; and 
‘‘(C) notwithstanding section 93, accept 
funds, supplies, and services from a qualified organization. 
‘‘(2) S
OLE-SOURCE BASIS .—Notwithstanding 
chapter 65 of title 31 and chapter 137 of title 10, the Commandant may enter into a con-tract or cooperative agreement under para-graph (1)(A) on a sole-source basis. 
‘‘(3) M
AINTAINING FAIRNESS , OBJECTIVITY , 
AND INTEGRITY .—The Commandant shall en-
sure that contributions under this sub-section do not— 
‘‘(A) reflect unfavorably on the ability of 
the Coast Guard, any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and ob-jective manner; or 
‘‘(B) compromise the integrity or appear-
ance of integrity of any program of the Coast Guard, or any individual involved in such a program. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—For purposes of this sub-
section, employees or personnel of a quali-fied organization shall not be employees of the United States. 
‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED ORGANIZATION DEFINED .—In 
this subsection the term ‘qualified organiza-tion’ means an organization— 
‘‘(A) described under section 501(c)(3) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9229 December 10, 2015 
from taxation under section 501(a) of that 
Code; and 
‘‘(B) established by the Coast Guard Acad-
emy Alumni Association solely for the pur-pose of supporting academic research and ap-plying for and administering Federal, State, or other educational research grants on be-half of the Coast Guard Academy.’’. 
SEC. 219. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Section 98(b) of title 14, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘any ap-
propriated Federal funds for’’ and insert ‘‘any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘arti-
facts.’’ and inserting ‘‘artifacts, including the design, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are included.’’. 
SEC. 220. INVESTIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, 
United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 430. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-
ior Executive Service employees 
‘‘In conducting an investigation into an al-
legation of misconduct by a flag officer or member of the Senior Executive Service serving in the Coast Guard, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall— 
‘‘(1) conduct the investigation in a manner 
consistent with Department of Defense poli-cies for such an investigation; and 
‘‘(2) consult with the Inspector General of 
the Department of Defense.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is further amended by inserting after the item related to section 429 the following: 
‘‘430. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-
ior Executive Service employ-ees.’’. 
SEC. 221. CLARIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY OF 
MEMBERS OF THE COAST GUARD FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPECIAL COMPENSATION. 
(a) C ONSIDERATION OF ELIGIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department is which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue proce-dures and criteria to use in determining whether the disability of a member of the Coast Guard is a combat-related disability for purposes of the eligibility of such mem-ber for combat-related special compensation under section 1413a of title 10, United States Code. Such procedures and criteria shall in-clude the procedures and criteria prescribed by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to sub-section (e)(2) of such section. Such proce-dures and criteria shall apply in determining whether the disability of a member of the Coast Guard is a combat-related disability for purposes of determining the eligibility of such member for combat-related special compensation under such section. 
(2) D
ISABILITY FOR WHICH A DETERMINATION  
IS MADE .—For the purposes of this section, 
and in the case of a member of the Coast Guard, a disability under section 1413a(e)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, includes a disability incurred during avia-tion duty, diving duty, rescue swimmer or similar duty, and hazardous service duty on-board a small vessel (such as duty as a surfman)— 
(A) in the performance of duties for which 
special or incentive pay was paid pursuant to section 301, 301a, 304, 307, 334, or 351 of title 37, United States Code; 
(B) in the performance of duties related 
to— 
(i) law enforcement, including drug or mi-
grant interdiction; (ii) defense readiness; or 
(iii) search and rescue; or (C) while engaged in a training exercise for 
the performance of a duty described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B). 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF GUIDANCE .—The guid-
ance issued pursuant to subsection (a) shall apply to disabilities described in that sub-section that are incurred on or after the ef-fective date provided in section 636(a)(2) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 116 Stat. 2574; 10 U.S.C. 1413a note). 
(c) R
EAPPLICATION FOR COMPENSATION .— 
Any member of the Coast Guard who was de-nied combat-related special compensation under section 1413a of title 10, United States Code, during the period beginning on the ef-fective date specified in subsection (b) and ending on the date of the issuance of the guidance required by subsection (a) may re-apply for combat-related special compensa-tion under such section on the basis of such guidance in accordance with such procedures as the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall specify. 
SEC. 222. LEAVE POLICIES FOR THE COAST 
GUARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, 
United States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 430 the following: 
‘‘§ 431. Leave policies for the Coast Guard 
‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the Secretary of the Navy promul-gates a new rule, policy, or memorandum pursuant to section 704 of title 10, United States Code, with respect to leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall promulgate a similar rule, policy, or memorandum that provides leave to officers and enlisted mem-bers of the Coast Guard that is equal in dura-tion and compensation to that provided by the Secretary of the Navy.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is further amended by inserting after the item related to section 430 the following: 
‘‘431. Leave policies for the Coast Guard.’’. 
TITLE III—SHIPPING AND NAVIGATION 
SEC. 301. SURVIVAL CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3104 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 3104. Survival craft 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT TOEQUIP.—The Sec-
retary shall require that a passenger vessel be equipped with survival craft that ensures that no part of an individual is immersed in water, if— 
‘‘(1) such vessel is built or undergoes a 
major conversion after January 1, 2016; and 
‘‘(2) operates in cold waters as determined 
by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) H
IGHER STANDARD OF SAFETY .—The 
Secretary may revise part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect before January 1, 2016, if such revision provides a higher standard of safety than is provided by the regulations in effect on or before the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) I
NNOVATIVE AND NOVEL DESIGNS .—The 
Secretary may, in lieu of the requirements set out in part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, allow a passenger vessel to be equipped with a life-saving appli-ance or arrangement of an innovative or novel design that— 
‘‘(1) ensures no part of an individual is im-
mersed in water; and 
‘‘(2) provides an equal or higher standard of 
safety than is provided by such requirements as in effect before such date of the enact-
ment. 
‘‘(d) B
UILT DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘built’ has the meaning that term has under section 4503(e).’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW ; REVISION OF REGULATIONS .— 
(1) R EVIEW .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a review of— 
(A) the number of casualties for individ-
uals with disabilities, children, and the el-derly as a result of immersion in water, re-ported to the Coast Guard over the preceding 30-year period, by vessel type and area of op-eration; 
(B) the risks to individuals with disabil-
ities, children, and the elderly as a result of immersion in water, by passenger vessel type and area of operation; 
(C) the effect that carriage of survival 
craft that ensure that no part of an indi-vidual is immersed in water has on— 
(i) passenger vessel safety, including sta-
bility and safe navigation; 
(ii) improving the survivability of individ-
uals, including individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and 
(iii) the costs, the incremental cost dif-
ference to vessel operators, and the cost ef-fectiveness of requiring the carriage of such survival craft to address the risks to individ-uals with disabilities, children, and the el-derly; 
(D) the efficacy of alternative safety sys-
tems, devices, or measures in improving sur-vivability of individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and 
(E) the number of small businesses and 
nonprofit vessel operators that would be af-fected by requiring the carriage of such sur-vival craft on passenger vessels to address the risks to individuals with disabilities, 
children, and the elderly. 
(2) R
EVISION .—Based on the review con-
ducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary may revise regulations concerning the car-riage of survival craft pursuant to section 3104(c) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 302. VESSEL REPLACEMENT. 
(a) L OANS AND GUARANTEES .—Chapter 537 
of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 53701— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (8) 
through (14) as paragraphs (9) through (15), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) H
ISTORICAL USES .—The term ‘histor-
ical uses’ includes— 
‘‘(A) refurbishing, repairing, rebuilding, or 
replacing equipment on a fishing vessel, without materially increasing harvesting ca-pacity; 
‘‘(B) purchasing a used fishing vessel; ‘‘(C) purchasing, constructing, expanding, 
or reconditioning a fishery facility; 
‘‘(D) refinancing existing debt; ‘‘(E) reducing fishing capacity; and ‘‘(F) making upgrades to a fishing vessel, 
including upgrades in technology, gear, or equipment, that improve— 
‘‘(i) collection and reporting of fishery-de-
pendent data; 
‘‘(ii) bycatch reduction or avoidance; ‘‘(iii) gear selectivity; ‘‘(iv) adverse impacts caused by fishing 
gear; or 
‘‘(v) safety.’’; and (2) in section 53702(b), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(3) M
INIMUM OBLIGATIONS AVAILABLE FOR  
HISTORIC USES .—Of the direct loan obliga-
tions issued by the Secretary under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9230 December 10, 2015 
chapter, the Secretary shall make a min-
imum of $59,000,000 available each fiscal year for historic uses. 
‘‘(4) U
SE OF OBLIGATIONS IN LIMITED ACCESS  
FISHERIES .—In addition to the other eligible 
purposes and uses of direct loan obligations provided for in this chapter, the Secretary may issue direct loan obligations for the pur-pose of— 
‘‘(A) financing the construction or recon-
struction of a fishing vessel in a fishery man-aged under a limited access system; or 
‘‘(B) financing the purchase of harvesting 
rights in a fishery that is federally managed under a limited access system.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION TO CERTAIN  
FISHING VESSELS OF PROHIBITION UNDER VES-
SEL CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM .—Section 
302(b)(2) of the Fisheries Financing Act (title III of Public Law 104–297; 46 U.S.C. 53706 note) is amended— 
(1) in the second sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘or in’’ and inserting ‘‘, 
in’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period the fol-
lowing: ‘‘, in fisheries that are under the ju-risdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council and managed under a fish-ery management plan issued under the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or in the Pacific whiting fishery that is under the jurisdiction of the Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council and managed under a fish-ery management plan issued under that Act’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Any fishing vessel operated in fisheries under the jurisdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or in the Pacific whiting fishery under the jurisdiction of the Pacific Fishery Management Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under that Act, and that is replaced by a vessel that is constructed or rebuilt with a loan or loan guarantee provided by the Federal Govern-ment may not be used to harvest fish in any fishery under the jurisdiction of any regional fishery management council, other than a fishery under the jurisdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council or the Pacific Fishery Management Council.’’. 
SEC. 303. MODEL YEARS FOR RECREATIONAL 
VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4302 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e)(1) If in prescribing regulations under 
this section the Secretary establishes a model year for recreational vessels and asso-ciated equipment, such model year shall, ex-cept as provided in paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) begin on June 1 of a year and end on 
July 31 of the following year; and 
‘‘(B) be designated by the year in which it 
ends. 
‘‘(2) Upon the request of a recreational ves-
sel manufacturer to which this chapter ap-plies, the Secretary may alter a model year for a model of recreational vessel of the 
manufacturer and associated equipment, by no more than 6 months from the model year described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall only 
apply with respect to recreational vessels and associated equipment constructed or manufactured, respectively, on or after June 1, 2015. 
(c) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall publish guid-ance to implement section 4302(d)(2) of title 46, United States Code. SEC. 304. MERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL EX-
PIRATION HARMONIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c) and not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process to harmonize the expiration dates of merchant mariner credentials, mariner med-ical certificates, and radar observer endorse-ments for individuals applying to the Sec-retary for a new merchant mariner creden-tial or for renewal of an existing merchant mariner credential. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the process established under subsection (a)— 
(1) does not require an individual to renew 
a merchant mariner credential earlier than the date on which the individual’s current credential expires; and 
(2) results in harmonization of expiration 
dates for merchant mariner credentials, mar-iner medical certificates, and radar observer endorsements for all individuals by not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The process established 
under subsection (a) does not apply to indi-viduals— 
(1) holding a merchant mariner credential 
with— 
(A) an active Standards of Training, Cer-
tification, and Watchkeeping endorsement; or 
(B) Federal first-class pilot endorsement; 
or 
(2) who have been issued a time-restricted 
medical certificate. 
SEC. 305. SAFETY ZONES FOR PERMITTED MA-
RINE EVENTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish and implement a process to— 
(1) account for the number of safety zones 
established for permitted marine events; 
(2) differentiate whether the event sponsor 
who requested a permit for such an event is— 
(A) an individual; (B) an organization; or (C) a government entity; and (3) account for Coast Guard resources uti-
lized to enforce safety zones established for permitted marine events, including for— 
(A) the number of Coast Guard or Coast 
Guard Auxiliary vessels used; and 
(B) the number of Coast Guard or Coast 
Guard Auxiliary patrol hours required. 
SEC. 306. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 46.—Title 46, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in section 103, by striking ‘‘(33 U.S.C. 
151).’’ and inserting ‘‘(33 U.S.C. 151(b)).’’; 
(2) in section 2118— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘title,’’ and inserting ‘‘subtitle,’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘title’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subtitle’’; 
(3) in the analysis for chapter 35— (A) by adding a period at the end of the 
item relating to section 3507; and 
(B) by adding a period at the end of the 
item relating to section 3508; 
(4) in section 3715(a)(2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(5) in section 4506, by striking ‘‘(a)’’; (6) in section 8103(b)(1)(A)(iii), by striking 
‘‘Academy.’’ and inserting ‘‘Academy; and’’; 
(7) in section 11113(c)(1)(A)(i), by striking 
‘‘under this Act’’; 
(8) in the analysis for chapter 701— (A) by adding a period at the end of the 
item relating to section 70107A; (B) in the item relating to section 70112, by 
striking ‘‘security advisory committees.’’ and inserting ‘‘Security Advisory Commit-tees.’’; and 
(C) in the item relating to section 70122, by 
striking ‘‘watch program.’’ and inserting ‘‘Watch Program.’’; 
(9) in section 70105(c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(xv)— (i) by striking ‘‘18, popularly’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘18 (popularly’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Act’’ and inserting 
‘‘Act)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(D) para-
graph’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) of paragraph’’; 
(10) in section 70107— (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking 
‘‘5121(j)(8)),’’ and inserting ‘‘5196(j)(8)),’’; and 
(B) in subsection (m)(3)(C)(iii), by striking 
‘‘that is’’ and inserting ‘‘that the applicant’’; 
(11) in section 70122, in the section heading, 
by striking ‘‘ watch program ’’ and inserting 
‘‘Watch Program ’’; and 
(12) in the analysis for chapter 705, by add-
ing a period at the end of the item relating to section 70508. 
(b) G
ENERAL BRIDGE STATUTES .— 
(1) A CT OF MARCH 3 , 1899.—The Act of March 
3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899, is amended— 
(A) in section 9 (33 U.S.C. 401), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’; and 
(B) in section 18 (33 U.S.C. 502), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’. 
(2) A
CT OF MARCH 23 , 1906.—The Act of March 
23, 1906, popularly known as the Bridge Act of 1906, is amended— 
(A) in the first section (33 U.S.C. 491), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(B) in section 4 (33 U.S.C. 494), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
(C) in section 5 (33 U.S.C. 495), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’. 
(3) A
CT OF AUGUST 18 , 1894.—Section 5 of the 
Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preserva-tion of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
(4) A
CT OF JUNE 21 , 1940.—The Act of June 21, 
1940, popularly known as the Truman-Hobbs Act, is amended— 
(A) in section 1 (33 U.S.C. 511), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(B) in section 4 (33 U.S.C. 514), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(C) in section 7 (33 U.S.C. 517), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’; and 
(D) in section 13 (33 U.S.C. 523), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9231 December 10, 2015 
(5) G ENERAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1946 .—The Gen-
eral Bridge Act of 1946 is amended— 
(A) in section 502(b) (33 U.S.C. 525(b)), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
(B) in section 510 (33 U.S.C. 533), by strik-
ing ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
(6) I
NTERNATIONAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1972 .—The 
International Bridge Act of 1972 is amend-ed— 
(A) in section 5 (33 U.S.C. 535c), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(B) in section 8 (33 U.S.C. 535e), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’; and 
(C) by striking section 11 (33 U.S.C. 535h). 
SEC. 307. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVE-
MENTS OF MARINE CASUALTY RE-PORTING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the actions the Commandant will take to implement recommendations on improvements to the Coast Guard’s marine casualty reporting re-quirements and procedures included in— 
(1) the Department of Homeland Security 
Office of Inspector General report entitled ‘‘Marine Accident Reporting, Investigations, and Enforcement in the United States Coast Guard’’, released on May 23, 2013; and 
(2) the Towing Safety Advisory Committee 
report entitled ‘‘Recommendations for Im-provement of Marine Casualty Reporting’’, released on March 26, 2015. 
SEC. 308. RECREATIONAL VESSEL ENGINE 
WEIGHTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations amending table 4 to subpart H of part 183 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to Weights (Pounds) of Outboard Motor and Re-lated Equipment for Various Boat Horse-power Ratings), as appropriate to reflect ‘‘Standard 30–Outboard Engine and Related Equipment Weights’’ published by the Amer-ican Boat and Yacht Council, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 309. MERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL CER-
TIFICATION REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 7509. Medical certification by trusted 
agents 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law and pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary, a trust-ed agent may issue a medical certificate to an individual who— 
‘‘(1) must hold such certificate to qualify 
for a license, certificate of registry, or mer-chant mariner’s document, or endorsement thereto under this part; and 
‘‘(2) is qualified as to sight, hearing, and 
physical condition to perform the duties of such license, certificate, document, or en-dorsement, as determined by the trusted agent. 
‘‘(b) P
ROCESS FOR ISSUANCE OF CERTIFI -
CATES BY SECRETARY .—A final rule imple-
menting this section shall include a process for— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of the department in 
which the Coast Guard is operating to issue medical certificates to mariners who submit applications for such certificates to the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(2) a trusted agent to defer to the Sec-
retary the issuance of a medical certificate. 
‘‘(c) T
RUSTED AGENT DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion the term ‘trusted agent’ means a med-ical practitioner certified by the Secretary to perform physical examinations of an indi-vidual for purposes of a license, certificate of registry, or merchant mariner’s document under this part.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing section 7509 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this section. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘7509. Medical certification by trusted 
agents.’’. 
SEC. 310. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE 
STUDY. 
(a) A TLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE  
STUDY .—Not later than April 1, 2016, the 
Commandant of the Coast Guard shall con-clude the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study and submit the results of such study to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(b) N
ANTUCKET SOUND .—Not later than De-
cember 1, 2016, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall complete and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a port ac-cess route study of Nantucket Sound using the standards and methodology of the Atlan-tic Coast Port Access Route Study, to deter-mine whether the Coast Guard should revise existing regulations to improve navigation 
safety in Nantucket Sound due to factors such as increased vessel traffic, changing vessel traffic patterns, weather conditions, or navigational difficulty in the vicinity. 
SEC. 311. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION 
FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations that— 
(1) make certificates of documentation for 
recreational vessels effective for 5 years; and 
(2) require the owner of such a vessel— (A) to notify the Coast Guard of each 
change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation is based, that occurs before the expiration of the certificate; and 
(B) apply for a new certificate of docu-
mentation for such a vessel if there is any such change. 
SEC. 312. PROGRAM GUIDELINES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— 
(1) develop guidelines to implement the 
program authorized under section 304(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–241), in-cluding specific actions to ensure the future availability of able and credentialed United States licensed and unlicensed seafarers in-cluding— 
(A) incentives to encourage partnership 
agreements with operators of foreign-flag vessels that carry liquified natural gas, that provide no less than one training billet per vessel for United States merchant mariners in order to meet minimum mandatory sea service requirements; (B) development of appropriate training 
curricula for use by public and private mari-time training institutions to meet all United States merchant mariner license, certifi-cation, and document laws and requirements under the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978; and 
(C) steps to promote greater outreach and 
awareness of additional job opportunities for sea service veterans of the United States Armed Forces; and 
(2) submit such guidelines to the Com-
mittee Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate. 
SEC. 313. REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS , M ERCHANT MARINE ACT, 
1936.—Sections 601 through 606, 608 through 611, 613 through 616, 802, and 809 of the Mer-chant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) are repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 575 
of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 57501, by striking ‘‘titles V 
and VI’’ and inserting ‘‘title V’’; and 
(2) in section 57531(a), by striking ‘‘titles V 
and VI’’ and inserting ‘‘title V’’. 
(c) T RANSFER FROM MERCHANT MARINE  
ACT, 1936.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 801 of the Mer-
chant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note)— 
(A) is redesignated as section 57522 of title 
46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 57521 of such title; and 
(B) as so redesignated and transferred, is 
amended— 
(i) by striking so much as precedes the 
first sentence and inserting the following: 
‘‘§ 57522. Books and records, balance sheets, 
and inspection and auditing’’ ; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the provision of title VI or 
VII of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chap-ter’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘: Provided, That’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘Commission’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 575, of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 57521 the following: 
‘‘57522. Books and records, balance sheets, 
and inspection and auditing.’’. 
(d) R
EPEALS , TITLE 46, U.S.C.—Section 8103 
of title 46, United States Code, is amended in subsections (c) and (d) by striking ‘‘or oper-ating’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 314. MARITIME DRUG LAW ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Section 70503(a) of title 
46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITIONS .—While on board a cov-
ered vessel, an individual may not knowingly or intentionally— 
‘‘(1) manufacture or distribute, or possess 
with intent to manufacture or distribute, a controlled substance; 
‘‘(2) destroy (including jettisoning any 
item or scuttling, burning, or hastily clean-ing a vessel), or attempt or conspire to de-stroy, property that is subject to forfeiture under section 511(a) of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 881(a)); or 
‘‘(3) conceal, or attempt or conspire to con-
ceal, more than $100,000 in currency or other monetary instruments on the person of such individual or in any conveyance, article of luggage, merchandise, or other container, or compartment of or aboard the covered vessel if that vessel is outfitted for smuggling.’’. 
(b) C
OVERED VESSEL DEFINED .—Section 
70503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) C
OVERED VESSEL DEFINED .—In this 
section the term ‘covered vessel’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9232 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(1) a vessel of the United States or a ves-
sel subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; or 
‘‘(2) any other vessel if the individual is a 
citizen of the United States or a resident alien of the United States.’’. 
(c) P
ENALTIES .—Section 70506 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘A person 
violating section 70503’’ and inserting ‘‘A person violating paragraph (1) of section 70503(a)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) P
ENALTY .—A person violating para-
graph (2) or (3) of section 70503(a) shall be fined in accordance with section 3571 of title 18, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both.’’. 
(d) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE .—Section 
70507(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 70503’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 70503 or 70508’’. 
(e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The heading of section 70503 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 70503. Prohibited acts’’ . 
(2) The analysis for chapter 705 of title 46, 
United States Code, is further amended by striking the item relating to section 70503 and inserting the following: 
‘‘70503. Prohibited acts.’’. 
SEC. 315. EXAMINATIONS FOR MERCHANT MAR-
INER CREDENTIALS. 
(a) D ISCLOSURE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 46, 
United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 7510. Examinations for merchant mariner 
credentials 
‘‘(a) D
ISCLOSURE NOTREQUIRED .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary is not required to disclose to the pub-lic— 
‘‘(1) a question from any examination for a 
merchant mariner credential; 
‘‘(2) the answer to such a question, includ-
ing any correct or incorrect answer that may be presented with such question; and 
‘‘(3) any quality or characteristic of such a 
question, including— 
‘‘(A) the manner in which such question 
has been, is, or may be selected for an exam-ination; 
‘‘(B) the frequency of such selection; and ‘‘(C) the frequency that an examinee cor-
rectly or incorrectly answered such question. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN QUESTIONS .— 
Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Sec-retary may, for the purpose of preparation by the general public for examinations re-quired for merchant mariner credentials, re-lease an examination question and answer that the Secretary has retired or is not pres-ently on or part of an examination, or that the Secretary determines is appropriate for release. 
‘‘(c) E
XAMREVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, and once every two years thereafter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall commission a work-ing group to review new questions for inclu-sion in examinations required for merchant mariner credentials, composed of— 
‘‘(A) 1 subject matter expert from the 
Coast Guard; 
‘‘(B) representatives from training facili-
ties and the maritime industry, of whom— 
‘‘(i) one-half shall be representatives from 
approved training facilities; and 
‘‘(ii) one-half shall be representatives from 
the appropriate maritime industry; 
‘‘(C) at least 1 representative from the 
Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Com-mittee; ‘‘(D) at least 2 representatives from the 
State maritime academies, of whom one shall be a representative from the deck training track and one shall be a representa-tive of the engine license track; 
‘‘(E) representatives from other Coast 
Guard Federal advisory committees, as ap-propriate, for the industry segment associ-ated with the subject examinations; 
‘‘(F) at least 1 subject matter expert from 
the Maritime Administration; and 
‘‘(G) at least 1 human performance tech-
nology representative. 
‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION OF PERSONS KNOWLEDGEABLE  
ABOUT EXAMINATION TYPE .—The working 
group shall include representatives knowl-edgeable about the examination type under review. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The requirement to con-
vene a working group under paragraph (1) does not apply unless there are new examina-tion questions to review. 
‘‘(4) B
ASELINE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Within 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall convene the working group to complete a baseline review of the Coast Guard’s Mer-chant Mariner Credentialing Examination, including review of— 
‘‘(i) the accuracy of examination questions; ‘‘(ii) the accuracy and availability of ex-
amination references; 
‘‘(iii) the length of merchant mariner ex-
aminations; and 
‘‘(iv) the use of standard technologies in 
administering, scoring, and analyzing the ex-aminations. 
‘‘(B) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—The Coast Guard 
shall provide a progress report to the appro-priate congressional committees on the re-view under this paragraph. 
‘‘(5) F
ULL MEMBERSHIP NOT REQUIRED .—The 
Coast Guard may convene the working group without all members present if any non- Coast-Guard representative is present. 
‘‘(6) N
ONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall require all members of the work-ing group to sign a nondisclosure agreement with the Secretary. 
‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF MEMBERS AS FEDERAL  
EMPLOYEES .—A member of the working group 
who is not a Federal Government employee shall not be considered a Federal employee in the service or the employment of the Fed-eral Government, except that such a member shall be considered a special government em-ployee, as defined in section 202(a) of title 18 for purposes of sections 203, 205, 207, 208, and 209 of such title and shall be subject to any administrative standards of conduct applica-ble to an employee of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
‘‘(8) F
ORMAL EXAM REVIEW .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the Coast Guard Perform-ance Technology Center— 
‘‘(A) prioritizes the review of examinations 
required for merchant mariner credentials; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, completes a formal review, in-cluding an appropriate analysis, of the topics and testing methodology employed by the National Maritime Center for merchant sea-men licensing. 
‘‘(9) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-
mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to any working group created under this sec-tion to review the Coast Guard’s merchant mariner credentialing examinations. 
‘‘(d) M
ERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘merchant 
mariner credential’ means a merchant sea-man license, certificate, or document that the Secretary is authorized to issue pursuant to this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘7510. Examinations for merchant mariner 
credentials.’’. 
(b) E
XAMINATIONS FOR MERCHANT MARINER  
CREDENTIALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 7116. Examinations for merchant mariner 
credentials 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR SAMPLE EXAMS .— 
The Secretary shall develop a sample mer-chant mariner credential examination and outline of merchant mariner examination topics on an annual basis. 
‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each sample 
examination and outline of topics developed under subsection (a) shall be readily avail-able to the public. 
‘‘(c) M
ERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘merchant 
mariner credential’ has the meaning that term has in section 7510.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘7116. Examinations for merchant mariner 
credentials.’’. 
(c) D
ISCLOSURE TO CONGRESS .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize the withholding of information from an ap-propriate inspector general, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, or the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 316. HIGHER VOLUME PORT AREA REGU-
LATORY DEFINITION CHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
710 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2986) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) H
IGHER VOLUME PORTS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the re-quirements of subparts D, F, and G of part 155 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, that apply to the higher volume port area for the Strait of Juan de Fuca at Port Angeles, Washington (including any water area within 50 nautical miles seaward), to and including Puget Sound, shall apply, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent, to the Strait of Juan de Fuca at Cape Flattery, Washington (including any water area within 50 nautical miles seaward), to and including Puget Sound.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘the modification of the higher volume port area definition required by subsection (a).’’ and inserting ‘‘higher volume port require-ments made applicable under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 317. RECOGNITION OF PORT SECURITY AS-
SESSMENTS CONDUCTED BY OTHER ENTITIES. 
Section 70108 of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) R
ECOGNITION OF ASSESSMENT CON-
DUCTED BY OTHER ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF AS -
SESSMENTS .—For the purposes of this section 
and section 70109, the Secretary may treat an assessment that a foreign government (in-cluding, for the purposes of this subsection, an entity of or operating under the auspices of the European Union) or international or-ganization has conducted as an assessment that the Secretary has conducted for the purposes of subsection (a), provided that the Secretary certifies that the foreign govern-ment or international organization has— 
‘‘(A) conducted the assessment in accord-
ance with subsection (b); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9233 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(B) provided the Secretary with sufficient 
information pertaining to its assessment (in-cluding, but not limited to, information on the outcome of the assessment). 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION TO ENTER INTO AN  
AGREEMENT .—For the purposes of this sec-
tion and section 70109, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, may enter into an agreement with a foreign gov-ernment (including, for the purposes of this subsection, an entity of or operating under the auspices of the European Union) or inter-national organization, under which parties to the agreement— 
‘‘(A) conduct an assessment, required 
under subsection (a); 
‘‘(B) share information pertaining to such 
assessment (including, but not limited to, in-formation on the outcome of the assess-ment); or 
‘‘(C) both. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to— 
‘‘(A) require the Secretary to recognize an 
assessment that a foreign government or an international organization has conducted; or 
‘‘(B) limit the discretion or ability of the 
Secretary to conduct an assessment under this section. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 30 days before entering into an agree-ment or arrangement with a foreign govern-ment under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the proposed terms of such agree-ment or arrangement.’’. 
SEC. 318. FISHING VESSEL AND FISH TENDER 
VESSEL CERTIFICATION. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 4503 of title 46, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘this sec-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘This sec-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (d), subsection (a)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘This section’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), subsection (a)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) Subsection (a) does not apply to a fish-
ing vessel or fish tender vessel to which sec-tion 4502(b) of this title applies, if the ves-sel— 
‘‘(A) is at least 50 feet overall in length, 
and not more than 79 feet overall in length; and 
‘‘(B)(i) is built after January 1, 2016, and 
complies with the alternative safety compli-ance program established under subsection (e); or 
‘‘(ii) is built after the date of the enact-
ment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 and before the establishment of the alternative safety compliance program re-quired under subsection (e), and complies with the requirements described in sub-section (f).’’; and 
(4) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (g), and inserting after subsection (d) the following: 
‘‘(e)(1) Not later than 5 years after the date 
of the enactment of the Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall estab-lish an alternative safety compliance pro-gram for fishing vessels or fish tender vessels (or both) that are described in subparagraphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(2) The alternative safety compliance pro-
gram established under paragraph (1) shall include requirements for— 
‘‘(A) vessel construction; ‘‘(B) a vessel stability test; ‘‘(C) vessel stability and loading instruc-
tions; 
‘‘(D) an assigned vessel loading mark; ‘‘(E) a vessel condition survey at least bi-
ennially; 
‘‘(F) an out-of-water vessel survey at least 
once every 5 years; 
‘‘(G) maintenance of records to dem-
onstrate compliance with the program, and the availability of such records for inspec-tion; and 
‘‘(H) such other aspects of vessel safety as 
the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(f) The requirements referred to in sub-
section (c)(2)(B)(ii) are the following: 
‘‘(1) The vessel is designed by an individual 
licensed by a State as a naval architect or marine engineer, and the design incorporates standards equivalent to those prescribed by a classification society to which the Secretary has delegated authority under section 3316 or another qualified organization approved by the Secretary for purposes of this paragraph. 
‘‘(2) Construction of the vessel is overseen 
and certified as being in accordance with its design by a marine surveyor of an organiza-tion accepted by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) The vessel— ‘‘(A) completes a stability test performed 
by a qualified individual; 
‘‘(B) has written stability and loading in-
structions from a qualified individual that are provided to the owner or operator; and 
‘‘(C) has an assigned loading mark. ‘‘(4) The vessel is not substantially modi-
fied or changed without the review and ap-proval of an individual licensed by a State as a naval architect or marine engineer before the beginning of such substantial modifica-tion or change. 
‘‘(5) The vessel undergoes a condition sur-
vey at least biennially to the satisfaction of a marine surveyor of an organization accept-
ed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(6) The vessel undergoes an out-of-water 
survey at least once every 5 years to the sat-isfaction of a certified marine surveyor of an organization accepted by the Secretary. 
‘‘(7) Once every 5 years and at the time of 
a modification or substantial change to such vessel, compliance of the vessel with the re-quirements of paragraph (3) is reviewed and updated as necessary. 
‘‘(8) For the life of the vessel, the owner of 
the vessel maintains records to demonstrate compliance with this subsection and makes such records readily available for inspection by an official authorized to enforce this chapter.’’. 
(b) GAO R
EPORT ON COMMERCIAL FISHING  
VESSEL SAFETY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on commercial fishing vessel safety. The report shall include— 
(A) national and regional trends that can 
be identified with respect to rates of marine causalities, human injuries, and deaths aboard or involving fishing vessels greater than 79 feet in length that operate beyond the 3-nautical-mile demarcation line; 
(B) a comparison of United States regula-
tions for classification of fishing vessels to those established by other countries, includ-ing the vessel length at which such regula-tions apply; 
(C) the additional costs imposed on vessel 
owners as a result of the requirement in sec-tion 4503(a) of title 46, United States Code, and how the those costs vary in relation to vessel size and from region to region; 
(D) savings that result from the applica-
tion of the requirement in section 4503(a) of title 46, United States Code, including reduc-
tions in insurance rates or reduction in the number of fishing vessels or fish tender ves-sels lost to major safety casualties, nation-ally and regionally; 
(E) a national and regional comparison of 
the additional costs and safety benefits asso-ciated with fishing vessels or fish tender ves-sels that are built and maintained to class through a classification society to the addi-tional costs and safety benefits associated with fishing vessels or fish tender vessels that are built to standards equivalent to classification society construction standards and maintained to standards equivalent to classification society standards with verification by independent surveyors; and 
(F) the impact on the cost of production 
and availability of qualified shipyards, na-tionally and regionally, resulting from the application of the requirement in section 4503(a) of title 46, United States Code. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—In pre-
paring the report under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall— 
(A) consult with owners and operators of 
fishing vessels or fish tender vessels, classi-fication societies, shipyards, the National In-stitute for Occupational Safety and Health, the National Transportation Safety Board, the Coast Guard, academics, and marine safety nongovernmental organizations; and 
(B) obtain relevant data from the Coast 
Guard including data collected from enforce-ment actions, boardings, investigations of marine casualties, and serious marine inci-dents. 
(3) T
REATMENT OF DATA .—In preparing the 
report under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall— 
(A) disaggregate data regionally for each of 
the regions managed by the regional fishery management councils established under sec-tion 302 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fisheries Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852), the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission, the Pacific States Marine Fish-eries Commission, and the Gulf States Ma-rine Fisheries Commission; and 
(B) include qualitative data on the types of 
fishing vessels or fish tender vessels included in the report. 
SEC. 319. INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COM-
MITTEE ON OIL POLLUTION RE-SEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7001(a)(3) of the 
Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2761(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Minerals Management 
Service’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management,’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘the United States Arctic 
Research Commission,’’ after ‘‘National Aer-onautics and Space Administration,’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 7001 
of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2761) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘De-partment of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(8)(A), by striking 
‘‘(1989)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2010)’’. 
SEC. 320. INTERNATIONAL PORT AND FACILITY 
INSPECTION COORDINATION. 
Section 825(a) of the Coast Guard Author-
ization Act of 2010 (6 U.S.C. 945 note; Public Law 111–281) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the department in which 
the Coast Guard is operating’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeland Security’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘they are integrated and 
conducted by the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘the assessments are coordinated between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9234 December 10, 2015 
the Coast Guard and Customs and Border 
Protection’’. 
TITLE IV—FEDERAL MARITIME 
COMMISSION 
SEC. 401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 308. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to 
the Federal Maritime Commission $24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the activities of the Commission authorized under this chapter and subtitle IV.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘308. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 402. DUTIES OF THE CHAIRMAN. 
Section 301(c)(3)(A) of title 46, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘units, but 
only after consultation with the other Com-missioners;’’ and inserting ‘‘units (with such appointments subject to the approval of the Commission);’’; 
(2) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(3) in clause (v) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) prepare and submit to the President 
and the Congress requests for appropriations for the Commission (with such requests sub-ject to the approval of the Commission).’’. 
SEC. 403. PROHIBITION ON AWARDS. 
Section 307 of title 46, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Federal Maritime 
Commission’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime 
Commission’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) P ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), the Federal Maritime Commis-sion may not expend any funds appropriated or otherwise made available to it to a non- Federal entity to issue an award, prize, com-mendation, or other honor that is not re-lated to the purposes set forth in section 40101.’’. 
TITLE V—CONVEYANCES 
Subtitle A—Miscellaneous Conveyances 
SEC. 501. CONVEYANCE OF COAST GUARD PROP-
ERTY IN POINT REYES STATION, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard shall convey to the County of Marin, California, all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the cov-ered property— 
(A) for fair market value, as provided in 
paragraph (2); 
(B) subject to the conditions required by 
this section; and 
(C) subject to any other term or condition 
that the Commandant considers appropriate and reasonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
(2) F
AIR MARKET VALUE .—The fair market 
value of the covered property shall be— 
(A) determined by a real estate appraiser 
who has been selected by the County and is licensed to practice in California; and 
(B) approved by the Commandant. (3) P
ROCEEDS .—The Commandant shall de-
posit the proceeds from a conveyance under paragraph (1) in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established by section 687 of title 14, United States Code. 
(b) C
ONDITION OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condi-
tion of any conveyance of the covered prop-erty under this section, the Commandant shall require that all right, title, and inter-
est in and to the covered property shall re-vert to the United States if the covered prop-erty or any part thereof ceases to be used for affordable housing, as defined by the County and the Commandant at the time of convey-ance, or to provide a public benefit approved by the County. 
(c) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
(d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to affect or limit the application of or obligation to com-ply with any environmental law, including section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). 
(e) C
OVERED PROPERTY DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘covered property’’ means the approximately 32 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— 
(1) located in Point Reyes Station in the 
County of Marin, California; 
(2) under the administrative control of the 
Coast Guard; and 
(3) described as ‘‘Parcel A, Tract 1’’, ‘‘Par-
cel B, Tract 2’’, ‘‘Parcel C’’, and ‘‘Parcel D’’ in the Declaration of Taking (Civil No. C 71– 1245 SC) filed June 28, 1971, in the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-trict of California. 
(f) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to convey 
the covered property under this section shall expire on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 502. CONVEYANCE OF COAST GUARD PROP-
ERTY IN TOK, ALASKA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard may convey to the Tanana Chiefs’ Conference all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered property, upon payment to the United States of the fair market value of the covered property. 
(b) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
(c) F
AIRMARKET VALUE .—The fair market 
value of the covered property shall be— 
(1) determined by appraisal; and (2) subject to the approval of the Com-
mandant. 
(d) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—The responsi-
bility for all reasonable and necessary costs, including real estate transaction and envi-ronmental documentation costs, associated with a conveyance under this section shall be determined by the Commandant and the purchaser. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
The Commandant may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance under this section as the Commandant considers appropriate and rea-sonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
(f) D
EPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—Any proceeds re-
ceived by the United States from a convey-ance under this section shall be deposited in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687 of title 14, United States Code. 
(g) C
OVERED PROPERTY DEFINED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered property’’ means the approxi-mately 3.25 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— 
(A) located in Tok, Alaska; (B) under the administrative control of the 
Coast Guard; and 
(C) described in paragraph (2). (2) D
ESCRIPTION .—The property described 
in this paragraph is the following: (A) Lots 11, 12 and 13, block ‘‘G’’, Second 
Addition to Hartsell Subdivision, Section 20, Township 18 North, Range 13 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska as appears by Plat No. 72–39 filed in the Office of the Recorder for the Fairbanks Recording District of Alas-ka, bearing seal dated 25 September 1972, all containing approximately 1.25 acres and commonly known as 2–PLEX – Jackie Circle, Units A and B. 
(B) Beginning at a point being the SE cor-
ner of the SE 
1⁄4of the SE 1⁄4Section 24, 
Township 18 North, Range 12 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska; thence running westerly along the south line of said SE 
1⁄4of 
the NE 1⁄4260 feet; thence northerly parallel 
to the east line of said SE 1⁄4of the NE 1⁄4335 
feet; thence easterly parallel to the south line 260 feet; then south 335 feet along the east boundary of Section 24 to the point of beginning; all containing approximately 2.0 acres and commonly known as 4–PLEX – West ‘‘C’’ and Willow, Units A, B, C and D. 
(h) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to convey 
the covered property under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Pribilof Islands 
SEC. 521. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pribilof 
Island Transition Completion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 522. TRANSFER AND DISPOSITION OF PROP-
ERTY. 
(a) T RANSFER .—To further accomplish the 
settlement of land claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), the Secretary of Commerce shall, subject to paragraph (2), and notwith-standing section 105(a) of the Pribilof Islands Transition Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106–562), convey all right, title, and in-terest in the following property to the Alas-ka native village corporation for St. Paul Is-land: 
(1) Lots 4, 5, and 6A, Block 18, Tract A, U.S. 
Survey 4943, Alaska, the plat of which was Officially Filed on January 20, 2004, aggre-gating 13,006 square feet (0.30 acres). 
(2) On the termination of the license de-
scribed in subsection (b)(3), T. 35 S., R. 131 W., Seward Meridian, Alaska, Tract 43, the plat of which was Officially Filed on May 14, 1986, containing 84.88 acres. 
(b) F
EDERAL USE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-
partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating may operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, repair, and replace any Federal aid 
to navigation located on the property de-scribed in subsection (a) as long as the aid is needed for navigational purposes. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Secretary may enter the property, at any time for as long as the aid is needed for navigational purposes, without notice to the extent that it is not practicable to provide advance notice. 
(3) L
ICENSE .—The Secretary of the Depart-
ment in which the Coast Guard is operating may maintain a license in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to the real property and improvements under subsection (a) until the termination of the li-cense. 
(4) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act and not less than once every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on— 
(A) efforts taken to remediate contami-
nated soils on tract 43 described in sub-section (a)(2); 
(B) a schedule for the completion of con-
taminated soil remediation on tract 43; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9235 December 10, 2015 
(C) any use of tract 43 to carry out Coast 
Guard navigation activities. 
(c) A GREEMENT ON TRANSFER OF OTHER  
PROPERTY ON ST. PAULISLAND .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the prop-
erty transferred under subsection (a), not later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce and the presiding officer of the Alaska native village corporation for St. Paul Island shall enter into an agreement to exchange of prop-erty on Tracts 50 and 38 on St. Paul Island and to finalize the recording of deeds, to re-flect the boundaries and ownership of Tracts 50 and 38 as depicted on a survey of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, to be filed with the Office of the Re-corder for the Department of Natural Re-sources for the State of Alaska. 
(2) E
ASEMENTS .—The survey described in 
subsection (a) shall include respective ease-ments granted to the Secretary and the Alaska native village corporation for the purpose of utilities, drainage, road access, and salt lagoon conservation. 
SEC. 523. NOTICE OF CERTIFICATION. 
Section 105 of the Pribilof Islands Transi-
tion Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106– 562) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘The 
Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding paragraph (2) and effective beginning on the date the Secretary publishes the notice of certification required by subsection (b)(5), the Secretary’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 205 of the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1165)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 205(a) of the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1165(a))’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) N
OTICE OF CERTIFICATION .—The Sec-
retary shall promptly publish and submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate notice that the certification described in paragraph (2) has been made.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘makes the certification de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘publishes the notice of certification re-quired by subsection (b)(5)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Section 
205’’ and inserting ‘‘Subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) of section 205’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (g); and 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the Secretary makes a determination under subsection (f) that land on St. Paul Is-land, Alaska, not specified for transfer in the document entitled ‘Transfer of Property on the Pribilof Islands: Descriptions, Terms and Conditions’ or section 522 of the Pribilof Is-land Transition Completion Act of 2015 is in excess of the needs of the Secretary and the Federal Government, the Secretary shall no-tify the Alaska native village corporation for St. Paul Island of the determination. 
‘‘(2) E
LECTION TO RECEIVE .—Not later than 
60 days after the date receipt of the notifica-tion of the Secretary under subsection (a), the Alaska native village corporation for St. Paul Island shall notify the Secretary in writing whether the Alaska native village corporation elects to receive all right, title, and interest in the land or a portion of the land. 
‘‘(3) T
RANSFER .—If the Alaska native vil-
lage corporation provides notice under para-graph (2) that the Alaska native village cor-poration elects to receive all right, title and interest in the land or a portion of the land, 
the Secretary shall transfer all right, title, and interest in the land or portion to the Alaska native village corporation at no cost. 
‘‘(4) O
THER DISPOSITION .—If the Alaska na-
tive village corporation does not provide no-tice under paragraph (2) that the Alaska na-tive village corporation elects to receive all right, title, and interest in the land or a por-tion of the land, the Secretary may dispose of the land in accordance with other applica-ble law. 
‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section and not less than once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall determine whether property located on St. Paul Island and not transferred to the Natives of the Pribilof Islands is in excess of the smallest practicable tract enclosing land— 
‘‘(A) needed by the Secretary for the pur-
poses of carrying out the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) in the case of land withdrawn by the 
Secretary on behalf of other Federal agen-cies, needed for carrying out the missions of those agencies for which land was with-drawn; or 
‘‘(C) actually used by the Federal Govern-
ment in connection with the administration of any Federal installation on St. Paul Is-land. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT OF DETERMINATION .—When a 
determination is made under subsection (a), the Secretary shall report the determination to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Natural Resources 
of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
‘‘(C) the Alaska native village corporation 
for St. Paul Island.’’. 
SEC. 524. REDUNDANT CAPABILITY. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (b), section 681 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, shall not be construed to prohibit any trans-fer or conveyance of lands under this subtitle or any actions that involve the dismantling or disposal of infrastructure that supported the former LORAN system that are associ-ated with the transfer or conveyance of lands under section 522. 
(b) R
EDUNDANT CAPABILITY .—If, within the 
5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating determines that a facility on Tract 43, if transferred under this subtitle, is sub-sequently required to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide re-dundant capability in the event GPS signals are disrupted, the Secretary may— 
(1) operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, 
repair, and replace such facility; and 
(2) in carrying out the activities described 
in paragraph (1), enter, at any time, the fa-cility without notice to the extent that it is not possible to provide advance notice, for as long as such facility is needed to provide such capability. 
Subtitle C—Conveyance of Coast Guard 
Property at Point Spencer, Alaska 
SEC. 531. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds as follows: (1) Major shipping traffic is increasing 
through the Bering Strait, the Bering and Chukchi Seas, and the Arctic Ocean, and will continue to increase whether or not develop-ment of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States is undertaken in the future, and will increase further if such Outer Conti-nental Shelf development is undertaken. 
(2) There is a compelling national, State, 
Alaska Native, and private sector need for permanent infrastructure development and 
for a presence in the Arctic region of Alaska by appropriate agencies of the Federal Gov-ernment, particularly in proximity to the Bering Strait, to support and facilitate search and rescue, shipping safety, economic development, oil spill prevention and re-sponse, protection of Alaska Native archae-ological and cultural resources, port of ref-uge, arctic research, and maritime law en-forcement on the Bering Sea, the Chukchi Sea, and the Arctic Ocean. 
(3) The United States owns a parcel of 
land, known as Point Spencer, located be-tween the Bering Strait and Port Clarence and adjacent to some of the best potential deepwater port sites on the coast of Alaska in the Arctic. 
(4) Prudent and effective use of Point Spen-
cer may be best achieved through mar-shaling the energy, resources, and leadership of the public and private sectors. 
(5) It is in the national interest to develop 
infrastructure at Point Spencer that would aid the Coast Guard in performing its statu-tory duties and functions in the Arctic on a more permanent basis and to allow for public and private sector development of facilities and other infrastructure to support purposes that are of benefit to the United States. 
SEC. 532. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
RCTIC .—The term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
(2) BSNC.—The term ‘‘BSNC’’ means the 
Bering Straits Native Corporation author-ized under section 7 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1606). 
(3) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means 
the Port Coordination Council established under section 541. 
(4) P
LAN.—The term ‘‘Plan’’ means the 
Port Management Coordination Plan devel-oped under section 541. 
(5) P
OINT SPENCER .—The term ‘‘Point Spen-
cer’’ means the land known as ‘‘Point Spen-cer’’ located in Townships 2, 3, and 4 South, Range 40 West, Kateel River Meridian, Alas-ka, between the Bering Strait and Port Clar-ence and withdrawn by Public Land Order 2650 (published in the Federal Register on April 12, 1962). 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-
cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
(7) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the 
State of Alaska. 
(8) T RACT .—The term ‘‘Tract’’ or ‘‘Tracts’’ 
means any of Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, or Tract 6, as appropriate, or any portion of such Tract or Tracts. 
(9) T
RACTS 1 , 2, 3, 4, 5, AND 6 .—The terms 
‘‘Tract 1’’, ‘‘Tract 2’’, ‘‘Tract 3’’, ‘‘Tract 4’’, ‘‘Tract 5’’, and ‘‘Tract 6’’ each mean the land generally depicted as Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, or Tract 6, respectively, on the map entitled the ‘‘Point Spencer Land Retention and Conveyance Map’’, dated Jan-uary 2015, and on file with the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of the Interior. 
SEC. 533. AUTHORITY TO CONVEY LAND IN POINT 
SPENCER. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOCONVEY TRACTS 1, 3, AND 
4.—Within 1 year after the Secretary notifies the Secretary of the Interior that the Coast Guard no longer needs to retain jurisdiction of Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 and subject to section 534, the Secretary of the Interior shall convey to BSNC or the State, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface estates of that Tract in accordance with subsection (d). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9236 December 10, 2015 
(b) A UTHORITY TOCONVEY TRACTS 2 AND 
5.—Within 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this section and subject to section 534, the Secretary of the Interior shall con-vey, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface estates of Tract 2 and Tract 5 in accordance with subsection (d). 
(c) A
UTHORITY TOTRANSFER TRACT 6.— 
Within one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and subject to sections 534 and 535, the Secretary of the Interior shall convey, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface estates of Tract 6 in accordance with subsection (e). 
(d) O
RDER OF OFFER TOCONVEY TRACT 1, 2, 
3, 4, OR5.— 
(1) D ETERMINATION AND OFFER .— 
(A) T RACT 1 , 3, OR 4 .—If the Secretary 
makes the determination under subsection (a) and subject to section 534, the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 for conveyance to BSNC under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
(B) T
RACT 2 AND 5 .—Subject to section 534, 
the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 2 and Tract 5 to BSNC under the Alas-ka Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
(2) O
FFER TO BSNC .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY BSNC .—If BSNC chooses 
to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the In-terior shall consider Tract 6 as within BSNC’s entitlement under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)) and shall convey such Tract to BSNC. 
(B) D
ECLINE BY BSNC .—If BSNC declines to 
accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the In-terior shall offer such Tract for conveyance to the State under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85– 508). 
(3) O
FFER TO STATE .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY STATE .—If the State 
chooses to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider such Tract as within the State’s entitlement under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85–508) and shall convey such Tract to the State. 
(B) D
ECLINE BY STATE .—If the State de-
clines to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract offered under paragraph (2)(B), such Tract shall be disposed of pursuant to appli-cable public land laws. 
(e) O
RDER OF OFFER TOCONVEY TRACT 6.— 
(1) O FFER .—Subject to section 534, the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall offer Tract 6 for conveyance to the State. 
(2) O
FFER TO STATE .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY STATE .—If the State 
chooses to accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider Tract 6 as within the State’s entitlement under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alas-ka Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85–508) and shall convey Tract 6 to the State. 
(B) D
ECLINE BY STATE .—If the State de-
clines to accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 6 for convey-ance to BSNC under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
(3) O
FFER TO BSNC .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY BSNC .— (i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), if 
BSNC chooses to accept an offer of convey-ance of Tract 6 under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider Tract 6 as within BSNC’s entitlement under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)) and shall convey Tract 6 to BSNC. 
(ii) L
EASE BY THE STATE .—The conveyance 
of Tract 6 to BSNC shall be subject to BSNC negotiating a lease of Tract 6 to the State at no cost to the State, if the State requests such a lease. 
(B) D
ECLINE BY BSNC .—If BSNC declines to 
accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall dispose of Tract 6 pursuant to the applicable public land laws. 
SEC. 534. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE, LIABIL-
ITY, AND MONITORING. 
(a) E NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .—Nothing 
in this Act or any amendment made by this Act may be construed to affect or limit the application of or obligation to comply with any applicable environmental law, including section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). 
(b) L
IABILITY .—A person to which a con-
veyance is made under this subtitle shall hold the United States harmless from any li-ability with respect to activities carried out on or after the date of the conveyance of the real property conveyed. The United States shall remain responsible for any liability with respect to activities carried out before such date on the real property conveyed. 
(c) M
ONITORING OF KNOWN CONTAMINA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To the extent practicable 
and subject to paragraph (2), any contamina-tion in a Tract to be conveyed to the State or BSNC under this subtitle that— 
(A) is identified in writing prior to the con-
veyance; and 
(B) does not pose an immediate or long- 
term risk to human health or the environ-ment, 
may be routinely monitored and managed by 
the State or BSNC, as applicable, through in-stitutional controls. 
(2) I
NSTITUTIONAL CONTROLS .—Institutional 
controls may be used if— 
(A) the Administrator of the Environ-
mental Protection Agency and the Governor of the State concur that such controls are protective of human health and the environ-ment; and 
(B) such controls are carried out in accord-
ance with Federal and State law. 
SEC. 535. EASEMENTS AND ACCESS. 
(a) U SE BY COAST GUARD .—The Secretary of 
the Interior shall make each conveyance of any relevant Tract under this subtitle sub-ject to an easement granting the Coast Guard, at no cost to the Coast Guard— 
(1) use of all existing and future landing 
pads, airstrips, runways, and taxiways that are located on such Tract; and 
(2) the right to access such landing pads, 
airstrips, runways, and taxiways. 
(b) U
SE BY STATE .—For any Tract conveyed 
to BSNC under this subtitle, BSNC shall pro-vide to the State, if requested and pursuant to negotiated terms with the State, an ease-ment granting to the State, at no cost to the State— 
(1) use of all existing and future landing 
pads, airstrips, runways, and taxiways lo-cated on such Tract; and 
(2) a right to access such landing pads, air-
strips, runways, and taxiways. 
(c) R
IGHT OF ACCESS OR RIGHT OF WAY.—If 
the State requests a right of access or right of way for a road from the airstrip to the southern tip of Point Spencer, the location of such right of access or right of way shall be determined by the State, in consultation 
with the Secretary and BSNC, so that such right of access or right of way is compatible with other existing or planned infrastructure development at Point Spencer. 
(d) A
CCESS EASEMENT ACROSS TRACTS 2, 5, 
AND 6.—In conveyance documents to the 
State and BSNC under this subtitle, the Coast Guard shall retain an access easement across Tracts 2, 5, and 6 reasonably necessary to afford the Coast Guard with access to Tracts 1, 3, and 4 for its operations. 
(e) A
CCESS .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Coast Guard shall provide to the State and BSNC, access to Tracts for planning, design, and engineering related to remediation and use of and construction on those Tracts. 
(f) P
UBLIC ACCESS EASEMENTS .—No public 
access easements may be reserved to the United States under section 17(b) of the Alas-ka Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1616(b)) with respect to the land conveyed under this subtitle. 
SEC. 536. RELATIONSHIP TO PUBLIC LAND 
ORDER 2650. 
(a) T RACTS NOTCONVEYED .—Any Tract 
that is not conveyed under this subtitle shall remain withdrawn pursuant to Public Land Order 2650 (published in the Federal Register on April 12, 1962). 
(b) T
RACTS CONVEYED .—For any Tract con-
veyed under this subtitle, Public Land Order 2650 shall automatically terminate upon issuance of a conveyance document issued pursuant to this subtitle for such Tract. 
SEC. 537. ARCHEOLOGICAL AND CULTURAL RE-
SOURCES. 
Conveyance of any Tract under this sub-
title shall not affect investigations, criminal jurisdiction, and responsibilities regarding theft or vandalism of archeological or cul-tural resources located in or on such Tract that took place prior to conveyance under this subtitle. 
SEC. 538. MAPS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS. 
(a) P REPARATION OF MAPS AND LEGAL DE-
SCRIPTIONS .—As soon as practicable after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Interior in consultation with the Secretary shall prepare maps and legal descriptions of Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, and Tract 6. In doing so, the Secretary of the Interior may use metes and bounds legal descriptions based upon the of-ficial survey plats of Point Spencer accepted by the Bureau of Land Management on De-cember 6, 1978, and on information provided by the Secretary. 
(b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall survey Tracts conveyed under this subtitle and patent the Tracts in accordance with the official plats of survey. 
(c) L
EGAL EFFECT .—The maps and legal de-
scriptions prepared under subsection (a) and the surveys prepared under subsection (b) shall have the same force and effect as if the maps and legal descriptions were included in this Act. 
(d) C
ORRECTIONS .—The Secretary of the In-
terior may correct any clerical and typo-graphical errors in the maps and legal de-scriptions prepared under subsection (a) and the surveys prepared under subsection (b). 
(e) A
VAILABILITY .—Copies of the maps and 
legal descriptions prepared under subsection (a) and the surveys prepared under sub-section (b) shall be available for public in-spection in the appropriate offices of— 
(1) the Bureau of Land Management; and (2) the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 539. CHARGEABILITY FOR LAND CONVEYED. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES TO ALASKA .—The Sec-
retary of the Interior shall charge any con-veyance of land conveyed to the State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9237 December 10, 2015 
Alaska pursuant to this subtitle against the 
State’s remaining entitlement under section 6(b) of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’; Pub-lic Law 85–508; 72 Stat. 339). 
(b) C
ONVEYANCES TO BSNC.—The Secretary 
of the Interior shall charge any conveyance of land conveyed to BSNC pursuant to this subtitle, against BSNC’s remaining entitle-ment under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)). 
SEC. 540. REDUNDANT CAPABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), section 681 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, shall not be construed to prohibit any transfer or conveyance of lands under this subtitle or any actions that involve the dismantling or disposal of infrastructure that supported the former LORAN system that are associated with the transfer or conveyance of lands 
under this subtitle. 
(b) C
ONTINUED ACCESS TO AND USE OF FA-
CILITIES .—If the Secretary of the department 
in which the Coast Guard is operating deter-mines, within the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, that a facility on any of Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 that is transferred under this subtitle is subsequently required to provide a posi-tioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event GPS signals are disrupted, the Secretary may, for as long as such facility is needed to provide redundant capability— 
(1) operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, 
repair, and replace such facility; and 
(2) in carrying out the activities described 
in paragraph (1), enter, at any time, the fa-cility without notice to the extent that it is not possible to provide advance notice. 
SEC. 541. PORT COORDINATION COUNCIL FOR 
POINT SPENCER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a 
Port Coordination Council for the Port of Point Spencer. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Council shall consist 
of a representative appointed by each of the following: 
(1) The State. (2) BSNC. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Council are 
as follows: 
(1) To develop a Port Management Coordi-
nation Plan to help coordinate infrastruc-ture development and operations at the Port of Point Spencer, that includes plans for— 
(A) construction; (B) funding eligibility; (C) land use planning and development; and (D) public interest use and access, emer-
gency preparedness, law enforcement, pro-tection of Alaska Native archaeological and cultural resources, and other matters that are necessary for public and private entities to function in proximity together in a re-mote location. 
(2) Update the Plan annually for the first 5 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act and biennially thereafter. 
(3) Facilitate coordination among BSNC, 
the State, and the Coast Guard, on the devel-opment and use of the land and coastline as such development relates to activities at the Port of Point Spencer. 
(4) Assess the need, benefits, efficacy, and 
desirability of establishing in the future a port authority at Point Spencer under State law and act upon that assessment, as appro-priate, including taking steps for the poten-tial formation of such a port authority. 
(d) P
LAN.—In addition to the requirements 
under subsection (c)(1) to the greatest extent practicable, the Plan developed by the Coun-cil shall facilitate and support the statutory missions and duties of the Coast Guard and operations of the Coast Guard in the Arctic. (e) C
OSTS.—Operations and management 
costs for airstrips, runways, and taxiways at Point Spencer shall be determined pursuant to provisions of the Plan, as negotiated by the Council. 
TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 601. MODIFICATION OF REPORTS. 
(a) D ISTANT WATER TUNA FLEET .—Section 
421(d) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (46 U.S.C. 8103 note) is amended by striking ‘‘On March 1, 2007, and annually thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than July 1 of each year’’. 
(b) A
NNUAL UPDATES ON LIMITS TO LIABIL -
ITY.—Section 603(c)(3) of the Coast Guard and 
Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 2704 note) is amended by striking ‘‘on an annual basis.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than January 30 of the year following each year in which occurs an oil discharge from a vessel or nonvessel source that results or is likely to result in removal costs and dam-ages (as those terms are defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) that exceed liability limits established under section 1004 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704).’’. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating a report detailing the specifications and capabilities for interoperable communications the Com-mandant determines are necessary to allow the Coast Guard to successfully carry out its missions that require communications with other Federal agencies, State and local gov-ernments, and nongovernmental entities. 
SEC. 602. SAFE VESSEL OPERATION IN THE 
GREAT LAKES. 
The Howard Coble Coast Guard and Mari-
time Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281) is amended— 
(1) in section 610, by— (A) striking the section enumerator and 
heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 610. SAFE VESSEL OPERATION IN THE 
GREAT LAKES.’’; 
(B) striking ‘‘existing boundaries and any 
future expanded boundaries of the Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and Under-water Preserve’’ and inserting ‘‘boundaries of any national marine sanctuary that pre-serves shipwrecks or maritime heritage in the Great Lakes’’; and 
(C) inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, unless the designation docu-ments for such sanctuary do not allow tak-ing up or discharging ballast water in such sanctuary’’; and 
(2) in the table of contents in section 2, by 
striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 610. Safe vessel operation in the Great 
Lakes.’’. 
SEC. 603. USE OF VESSEL SALE PROCEEDS. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct an audit of funds credited in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004 to the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund that are attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sec-tions 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, including— 
(1) a complete accounting of all vessel sale 
proceeds attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sec-tions 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004; 
(2) the annual apportionment of proceeds 
accounted for under paragraph (1) among the uses authorized under section 308704 of title 54, United States Code, in each fiscal year 
after fiscal year 2004, including— 
(A) for National Maritime Heritage Grants, 
including a list of all annual National Mari-time Heritage Grant grant and subgrant awards that identifies the respective grant and subgrant recipients and grant and subgrant amounts; 
(B) for the preservation and presentation 
to the public of maritime heritage property of the Maritime Administration; 
(C) to the United States Merchant Marine 
Academy and State maritime academies, in-cluding a list of annual awards; and 
(D) for the acquisition, repair, recondi-
tioning, or improvement of vessels in the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet; and 
(3) an accounting of proceeds, if any, at-
tributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004, that were expended for uses not author-ized under section 308704 of title 54, United States Code. 
(b) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment this Act, the Comptroller General shall sub-mit the audit conducted in subsection (a) to the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 604. NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES 
COST ASSESSMENT. 
(a) C OST ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of 
the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an ar-rangement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Academy, by no later than 365 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assess-ment of the costs incurred by the Federal Government to carry out polar icebreaking missions. The assessment shall— 
(1) describe current and emerging require-
ments for the Coast Guard’s polar icebreaking capabilities, taking into account the rapidly changing ice cover in the Arctic environment, national security consider-ations, and expanding commercial activities in the Arctic and Antarctic, including ma-rine transportation, energy development, fishing, and tourism; 
(2) identify potential design, procurement, 
leasing, service contracts, crewing, and tech-nology options that could minimize life- cycle costs and optimize efficiency and reli-ability of Coast Guard polar icebreaker oper-ations in the Arctic and Antarctic; and 
(3) examine— (A) Coast Guard estimates of the procure-
ment and operating costs of a Polar ice-breaker capable of carrying out Coast Guard maritime safety, national security, and stewardship responsibilities including— 
(i) economies of scale that might be 
achieved for construction of multiple ves-sels; and 
(ii) costs of renovating existing polar class 
icebreakers to operate for a period of no less than 10 years. 
(B) the incremental cost to augment the 
design of such an icebreaker for multiuse ca-pabilities for scientific missions; 
(C) the potential to offset such incre-
mental cost through cost-sharing agree-ments with other Federal departments and agencies; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9238 December 10, 2015 
(D) United States polar icebreaking capa-
bility in comparison with that of other Arc-tic nations, and with nations that conduct research in the Arctic. 
(b) I
NCLUDED COSTS.—For purposes of sub-
section (a), the assessment shall include costs incurred by the Federal Government for— 
(1) the lease or operation and maintenance 
of the vessel or vessels concerned; 
(2) disposal of such vessels at the end of the 
useful life of the vessels; 
(3) retirement and other benefits for Fed-
eral employees who operate such vessels; and 
(4) interest payments assumed to be in-
curred for Federal capital expenditures. 
(c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—For purposes of com-
paring the costs of such alternatives, the Academy shall assume that— 
(1) each vessel under consideration is— (A) capable of breaking out McMurdo Sta-
tion and conducting Coast Guard missions in the Antarctic, and in the United States ter-ritory in the Arctic (as that term is defined in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Pol-icy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111)); and 
(B) operated for a period of 30 years; (2) the acquisition of services and the oper-
ation of each vessel begins on the same date; and 
(3) the periods for conducting Coast Guard 
missions in the Arctic are of equal lengths. 
(d) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating 
cost pursuant to subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences may utilize informa-tion from other Coast Guard reports, assess-ments, or analyses regarding existing Coast Guard Polar class icebreakers or for the ac-quisition of a polar icebreaker for the Fed-eral Government. 
SEC. 605. PENALTY WAGES. 
(a) F OREIGN AND INTERCOASTAL VOYAGES .— 
Section 10313(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘all claims in a class action 
suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the seamen’’ and inserting 
‘‘the seaman’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘class action’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, by a 
seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
(b) C
OASTWISE VOYAGES .—Section 10504(c) 
of such title is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘all claims in a class action 
suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the seamen’’ and inserting 
‘‘the seaman’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘class action’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, by a 
seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
SEC. 606. RECOURSE FOR NONCITIZENS. 
Section 30104 of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—’’ before 
the first sentence; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) R ESTRICTION ON RECOVERY FOR NON-
RESIDENT ALIENS EMPLOYED ON FOREIGN PAS-
SENGER VESSELS .—A claim for damages or 
expenses relating to personal injury, illness, or death of a seaman who is a citizen of a foreign nation, arising during or from the en-gagement of the seaman by or for a pas-senger vessel duly registered under the laws of a foreign nation, may not be brought under the laws of the United States if— 
‘‘(1) such seaman was not a permanent 
resident alien of the United States at the time the claim arose; ‘‘(2) the injury, illness, or death arose out-
side the territorial waters of the United States; and 
‘‘(3) the seaman or the seaman’s personal 
representative has or had a right to seek compensation for the injury, illness, or death in, or under the laws of— 
‘‘(A) the nation in which the vessel was 
registered at the time the claim arose; or 
‘‘(B) the nation in which the seaman main-
tained citizenship or residency at the time the claim arose. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION DEFINED .—As used in 
subsection (b), the term ‘compensation’ means— 
‘‘(1) a statutory workers’ compensation 
remedy that complies with Standard A4.2 of Regulation 4.2 of the Maritime Labour Con-vention, 2006; or 
‘‘(2) in the absence of the remedy described 
in paragraph (1), a legal remedy that com-plies with Standard A4.2 of Regulation 4.2 of the Maritime Labour Convention, 2006, that permits recovery for lost wages, pain and suffering, and future medical expenses.’’. 
SEC. 607. COASTWISE ENDORSEMENTS. 
(a) ‘‘E LETTRA III’’.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 
12112 and 12132, of title 46, United States Code, and subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may issue a certificate of documentation with a coast-wise endorsement for the vessel M/V Elettra III (United States official number 694607). 
(2) L
IMITATION ON OPERATION .—Coastwise 
trade authorized under a certificate of docu-mentation issued under paragraph (1) shall be limited to the carriage of passengers and equipment in association with the operation of the vessel in the Puget Sound region to support marine and maritime science edu-cation. 
(3) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS OF CER -
TIFICATE .—A certificate of documentation 
issued under paragraph (1) shall expire on the earlier of— 
(A) the date of the sale of the vessel or the 
entity that owns the vessel; 
(B) the date any repairs or alterations are 
made to the vessel outside of the United States; or 
(C) the date the vessel is no longer oper-
ated as a vessel in the Puget Sound region to support the marine and maritime science education. 
(b) ‘‘F/V R
ONDYS ’’.—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 12132 of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may issue a certifi-cate of documentation with a coastwise en-dorsement for the F/V Rondys (O.N. 291085) 
SEC. 608. INTERNATIONAL ICE PATROL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes the current operations to perform the Inter-national Ice Patrol mission and on alter-natives for carrying out that mission, in-cluding satellite surveillance technology. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVES .—The report required by 
subsection (a) shall include whether an alter-native— 
(1) provides timely data on ice conditions 
with the highest possible resolution and ac-curacy; 
(2) is able to operate in all weather condi-
tions or any time of day; and 
(3) is more cost effective than the cost of 
current operations. SEC. 609. ASSESSMENT OF OIL SPILL RESPONSE 
AND CLEANUP ACTIVITIES IN THE GREAT LAKES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration and the head of any other agency the Commandant deter-mines appropriate, shall conduct an assess-ment of the effectiveness of oil spill response activities specific to the Great Lakes. Such assessment shall include— 
(1) an evaluation of new research into oil 
spill impacts in fresh water under a wide range of conditions; and 
(2) an evaluation of oil spill prevention and 
clean up contingency plans, in order to im-prove understanding of oil spill impacts in the Great Lakes and foster innovative im-provements to safety technologies and envi-ronmental protection systems. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Congress a report on the results of the assessment required by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 610. REPORT ON STATUS OF TECHNOLOGY 
DETECTING PASSENGERS WHO HAVE FALLEN OVERBOARD. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) describes the status of technology for 
immediately detecting passengers who have fallen overboard; 
(2) includes a recommendation to cruise 
lines on the feasibility of implementing technology that immediately detects pas-sengers who have fallen overboard, factoring in cost and the risk of false positives; 
(3) includes data collected from cruise lines 
on the status of the integration of the tech-nology described in paragraph (2) on cruise ships, including— 
(A) the number of cruise ships that have 
the technology to capture images of pas-sengers who have fallen overboard; and 
(B) the number of cruise lines that have 
tested technology that can detect passengers who have fallen overboard; and 
(4) includes information on any other 
available technologies that cruise ships could integrate to assist in facilitating the search and rescue of a passenger who has fallen overboard. 
SEC. 611. VENUE. 
Section 311(d) of the Magnuson-Stevens 
Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1861(d)) is amended by striking the second sentence and inserting ‘‘In the case of Hawaii or any possession of the United States in the Pacific Ocean, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii, except that in the case of Guam and Wake Island, the appro-priate court is the United States District Court for the District of Guam, and in the case of the Northern Mariana Islands, the ap-propriate court is the United States District Court for the District of the Northern Mar-iana Islands.’’. 
SEC. 612. DISPOSITION OF INFRASTRUCTURE RE-
LATED TO E–LORAN. 
(a) D ISPOSITION OF INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 681. Disposition of infrastructure related to 
E–LORAN 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not 
carry out activities related to the disman-tling or disposal of infrastructure comprising 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9239 December 10, 2015 
the LORAN–C system until the date on 
which the Secretary provides to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate notice of a determination by the Sec-retary that such infrastructure is not re-quired to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant ca-pability in the event the Global Positioning System signals are disrupted. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) does not 
apply to activities necessary for the safety of human life. 
‘‘(c) D
ISPOSITION OF PROPERTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On any date after the no-
tification is made under subsection (a), the Administrator of General Services, acting on behalf of the Secretary, may, notwith-standing any other provision of law, sell any real and personal property under the admin-istrative control of the Coast Guard and used for the LORAN–C system, subject to such terms and conditions that the Secretary be-lieves to be necessary to protect government interests and program requirements of the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF PROCEEDS .— 
‘‘(A) A VAILABILITY OF PROCEEDS .—The pro-
ceeds of such sales, less the costs of sale in-curred by the General Services Administra-tion, shall be deposited as offsetting collec-tions into the Coast Guard ‘Environmental Compliance and Restoration’ account and, without further appropriation, shall be avail-able until expended for— 
‘‘(i) environmental compliance and res-
toration purposes associated with the LORAN–C system; 
‘‘(ii) the costs of securing and maintaining 
equipment that may be used as a backup to the Global Positioning System or to meet any other Federal navigation requirement; 
‘‘(iii) the demolition of improvements on 
such real property; and 
‘‘(iv) the costs associated with the sale of 
such real and personal property, including due diligence requirements, necessary envi-ronmental remediation, and reimbursement of expenses incurred by the General Services Administration. 
‘‘(B) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  
AND RESTORATION ACTIVITIES .—After the com-
pletion of activities described in subpara-graph (A), the unexpended balances of such proceeds shall be available for any other en-vironmental compliance and restoration ac-tivities of the Coast Guard.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘681. Disposition of infrastructure related to 
E–LORAN.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .— 
(A) Section 229 of the Howard Coble Coast 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3040), and the item relating to that section in section 2 of such Act, are repealed. 
(B) Subsection 559(e) of the Department of 
Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–83; 123 Stat. 2180) is repealed. 
(b) A
GREEMENTS TODEVELOP BACKUP POSI-
TIONING , NAVIGATION , AND TIMING SYSTEM .— 
Section 93(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semi-colon at the end of paragraph (23), by strik-ing the period at the end of paragraph (24) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following the following: 
‘‘(25) enter into cooperative agreements, 
contracts, and other agreements with Fed-eral entities and other public or private enti-ties, including academic entities, to develop a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event 
Global Positioning System signals are dis-rupted, which may consist of an enhanced LORAN system.’’. 
SEC. 613. PARKING. 
Section 611(a) of the Howard Coble Coast 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3064) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Through September 
30, 2017, additional parking made available under paragraph (2) shall be made available at no cost to the Coast Guard or members and employees of the Coast Guard.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ) and the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California (Mr. H UNTER ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4188. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Authoriza-
tion Act of 2015, is a product of bipar-tisan efforts to reauthorize the Coast Guard through fiscal year 2017. The House passed similar legislation by a voice vote in May. 
The bill makes several reforms to 
Coast Guard authorities, as well as laws governing shipping and naviga-tion. Specifically, the bill supports Coast Guard servicemembers, improves Coast Guard mission effectiveness, en-hances oversight of the Coast Guard programs, encourages job growth in the maritime sector by cutting regulatory burdens on job creators, strengthens maritime drug enforcement laws, and increases coordination with partner na-tions, further strengthening port secu-rity. It does all this in a way that al-lows this to be brought under suspen-sion in a bipartisan way. 
I want to commend Ranking Mem-
bers D
EFAZIO and G ARAMENDI for their 
efforts in getting us to this point and, of course, the leadership of Chairman S
HUSTER . 
I also want to thank the men and 
women of the U.S. Coast Guard for the tremendous job they do for our Nation. Coast Guard servicemembers place their lives at risk on a daily basis to save those in danger, ensure the safety and security of our ports and water-ways, and protect our environmental resources. 
b1515 
They do all this on aging, obsolete 
cutters, and aircraft, some of which were first commissioned in World War II. 
Passing H.R. 4188 will help rebuild 
and strengthen the Coast Guard. It will also demonstrate the strong support Congress has for the men and women of 
the Coast Guard and the deep apprecia-tion we have for the sacrifices that they make for our Nation. 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 
4188. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, December 10, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 4188, the ‘‘Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 2015,’’ which was introduced on December 8, 2015. 
H.R. 4188 contains provisions within the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forgo action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 10, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. I appreciate your cooperation in expediting the consideration of this legislation on the House floor. 
As you know, the Parliamentarians were 
not able to render an official decision as to the jurisdictional claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology may have had. I agree that the absence of a decision on this bill will not prejudice any claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology may have had or may have to this or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving provisions in this legislation on which the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology has a valid jurisdictional claim. 
I will include our letters on H.R. 4188 in the 
Congressional Record during House floor consideration of the bill. Again, I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation, and I look forward to working with the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative proc-ess. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9240 December 10, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I am pleased to be here again at the 
end of another year to rise and join Chairman H
UNTER , for whom I have 
great respect. We have been able to get some stuff done. 
I thank the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. H
UNTER ) for bringing this 
bill to the floor today to authorize the funding of the United States Coast Guard and to advance new policy ini-tiatives to strengthen the prospects for the U.S. flag and U.S. maritime indus-try. 
H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Reauthor-
ization Act of 2015, is carefully crafted bipartisan legislation developed over the course of several months of nego-tiation within this House and with that other body. It is deserving of robust support from Members of both sides of the aisle. I urge its quick passage by the House today. 
I want to thank Chairman H
UNTER  
for all the leadership and the coopera-tive spirit in working with me and our other Democratic Members. He ad-dressed our concerns. They were han-dled and taken care of in the bill. 
The willingness of Chairman H
UNTER  
and his outstanding staff and members of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee to col-laborate and work through the several nettlesome issues is very, very much appreciated. 
That is not to say this bill does not 
contain some items which I might have some lingering concerns about, but they are few. As is the case with every piece of legislation I don’t personally draft all by myself, this bill has those minor issues. 
I am sure, if the chairman were to 
draft it all by himself, it would be per-fect, also. But we did it together, and it came out quite well. 
I am extremely pleased that this leg-
islation would provide stable and suffi-cient authorized funding levels for the Coast Guard for the next 2 years. The importance of budget stability cannot be overstated. The Coast Guard is pressed daily to meet the demands of its 11 statutory missions. 
The last thing the Coast Guard needs 
is to face recurrent budget uncertain-ties, a circumstance which would leave the service’s leadership unable to know exactly what resources and capabilities they have available to address port and harbor security, illegal drug interdic-tion, search and rescue, and law en-forcement actions, along with many other important activities. 
I am also pleased this legislation 
continues to move the ball down the field in the effort to strengthen and re-capitalize a new fleet of Polar-class heavy icebreakers for the Coast Guard, and a cheer goes up between the chair-man and myself if we can get that done. 
It is clear that we are at the advent 
of Arctic operations for the Coast Guard, and it is vital that the service has the icebreaking capabilities it will 
need to operate safely and effectively in this very unforgiving maritime envi-ronment. 
The bill will advance the completion 
of the materiel assessment of the Polar Sea to determine, finally, if this heavy icebreaker can be returned to service. 
Additionally, this legislation author-
ized funding to allow the Coast Guard to maintain progress in developing re-quirements and preliminary design for a new heavy icebreaker. So we will fig-ure out, hopefully, this next year which way we will go. 
I am also pleased that this legisla-
tion includes language that will con-tinue to preserve the remaining LORAN–C infrastructure until such time as the administration makes a final decision on whether or not to build out an enhanced LORAN or e- LORAN infrastructure to provide a re-liable, land-based, low-frequency backup navigation timing signal to back up GPS, the Global Positioning System. 
For several years, we have known 
that the relatively weak, high-fre-quency GPS signal is fairly easy to cor-rupt, to degrade, or altogether disrupt, stop. 
For this reason, the Secretary of De-
fense, Ash Carter, has called GPS a po-tential single source of failure for im-portant national defense assets. It is also a major liability across 16 sectors of critical infrastructure. 
If Russia, China, and the EU have 
land-based GPS backup systems, the question is: Why does the United States not have one? 
This administration needs to make a 
decision now. At least language in this legislation ensures that we will have available the option of re-purposing what remains of the LORAN–C infra-structure for an e-LORAN system of the future. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I have al-
ready said it twice. I will say it a third time. To Chairman H
UNTER and his 
staff, we like working with you and we like you, too. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I enjoy 
working with the gentleman from Cali-fornia as well. It is a strange situation when we actually get stuff done. It is a California thing. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my friend from California (Mr. H
UNTER ), the chairman of the Coast 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, for yielding me time. I also want to thank both him and the Transportation Committee chairman himself, B
ILLSHUSTER , for their work 
on this legislation. 
This bill ensures the safety and secu-
rity of our maritime borders and mari-time interests around the globe. 
The Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology shares jurisdiction with the Transportation and Infra-
structure Committee over important research and development programs carried out by the Coast Guard. 
These programs improve search and 
rescue, navigation, marine safety, ma-rine environmental protection enforce-ment of laws and treaties, ice oper-ations, oceanographic research, and de-fense readiness. 
The bill also authorizes funding to 
help acquire a new Polar icebreaker and requires a study of alternatives for 
conducting icebreaking operations. 
The Coast Guard’s icebreakers are 
critical to the United States missions in the polar regions, which include im-portant research supported by the Na-tional Science Foundation. 
I look forward to the results of the 
study this bill calls for on cost-effec-tive alternatives for icebreaking. This will help us ensure taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and efficiently. 
Again, I thank Chairman H
UNTER and 
Chairman S HUSTER for taking the ini-
tiative with this critical legislation. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume, as long as it is less than 3 minutes, to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), 
the ranking member of the committee. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I want to congratulate Chairman 
HUNTER , Ranking Member G ARAMENDI , 
and talk just briefly about how impor-tant this legislation is. 
The Coast Guard, first off, is now 
going to get 2 years of budget cer-tainty. That has been a real problem. It is pretty hard to run a military or-ganization that large on something that creates short-term uncertainty with your budget, particularly when they have to begin to plan for acquir-ing more major assets with larger ships. 
In particular, we have just been talk-
ing about the icebreakers. I went up to Seattle to visit the Polar Sea in its de-crepitude. But the interesting thing I found is that it is an absolutely unique hull design. The ice band contains ma-terials that are no longer manufac-tured. They are superior to current technologies. 
There is substantial thought that 
this ship could be renovated using the existing hull with a modern ship, mod-ern engines, and electronics. The ship has now been hulled. The hull is being evaluated, and we are going to do a cost-benefit analysis. 
If we were to go down that path—and 
I believe it will prove to be the best path—then that would provide addi-tional spare parts for its sister ship, which is the only one we have got working, and then would set a tem-plate for rehabilitating that ship later. 
The Russians have about two dozen 
icebreakers. Five, I believe, are nuclear powered. 
The Chinese are building two large 
icebreakers. The United States of America is down to one 45-year-old heavy icebreaker, which has an Ant-arctic mission, which means, for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.026 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9241 December 10, 2015 
next 6 months after it comes back, it is 
in dry dock and being repaired. 
We do not have any longer the capa-
bility of deploying north and south with heavy icebreakers, despite the fact that the Northwest Passage long dreamed of is about to open. 
So for the United States of America 
maritime power to not have at least two heavy icebreakers, if not a half a dozen, is absolutely absurd, penny- wise, pound-foolish stupidity, on the part of former Congresses. I am glad that this Congress has seen the light and we are beginning to move forward to re-institute that program. 
The gentleman from California has 
been particularly persistent and out-spoken about the LORAN–C system. I believe it is absolutely critical that we maintain this infrastructure until we know what alternatives we are going to have. I think it is a critical national security asset. 
And then, finally, to the more every-
day national security-oriented duties of the Coast Guard in this bill, there is a particular provision that is incred-ibly important to the State of Oregon and the State of South Carolina and to hundreds of people who make their liv-ing on the ocean out of those two ports. 
The Port of Newport, mid-coast Or-
egon, has an air rescue facility. They do half the rescues in the mid-coast. Oregon has extremely cold water year- round. We have some of the roughest bar entrances in the United States, and rescue time is critical in terms of sav-ing lives. 
The Coast Guard has been under-
funded by Congress, and we are begin-ning to rectify that. But in a budget- cutting mode last year, with no discus-sion with anyone, they proposed to close Newport and close Charleston. 
Last year, in the omnibus bill at the 
end of the year, we put in place a 1- year prohibition on the closure. This bill extends the statutory prohibition on closing either of those two stations for 2 years and then puts in place a very different and meaningful process, should they ever wish to think about closing critical air rescue stations in the future. 
First, it requires them to develop a 
program to manage their airframes and learn about and figure about how we are going to replace our helicopter fleets, which are about at the same point as these icebreakers. So they need that plan. They have to develop that. 
Then, if they wish to close an indi-
vidual station, the Secretary of Home-land Security will have to make a number of findings, that it wouldn’t jeopardize life and safety and degrade rescue capabilities, a pretty long list. 
Then, if the Secretary makes that de-
termination, the Secretary would have to go forward in a public process to take input from those communities. 
Then, if the Secretary further de-
cided, after going through that, that this was necessary and prudent and wouldn’t jeopardize lives and safety at sea, that future Secretary would have 
to submit the proposal to the Congress. 
So we have effectively safeguarded 
the Newport and the Charleston sta-tions in this legislation, and I believe we have safeguarded them for all time. 
I believe, also, Congress should give 
the Coast Guard adequate funding so they can replenish and rebuild their air fleet and they don’t have to struggle and close stations that they know could potentially lead to loss of life. 
So there are many, many things to 
recommend in this legislation. I would expect Congress to nearly, if not to-tally, unanimously improve it on this side. And then, hopefully, we can get the Senate to finally act because we need this done by January 1. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for their work in mov-ing the Coast Guard bill forward. 
Transportation is one of the most bi-
partisan bills in this Congress. I am just so proud that we are really moving this Congress forward and putting the American people back to work. 
The Coast Guard personnel serve this 
country and do a wonderful job, and I truly appreciate the hard work and dedication of these fine servicemem-bers. 
The Coast Guard has been protecting 
our shores for more than 200 years and has done an outstanding job. The Coast Guard was the first agency to react to the terrorist attacks on September 11 and provide critical assistance during the devastation of Hurricane Katrina. This bill provides the resources and policy provisions that the Coast Guard needs to continue their critical mis-sion. 
Assisting migrants and stopping drug 
shipments at sea, search-and-rescue missions, monitoring our ports, and protecting our homeland are just a few of the vital services that the Coast Guard provides, all of which is critical to my home State of Florida, where 14 deepwater ports and 1,200 miles of coastline are the gateway to America. 
b1530 
This legislation also includes impor-
tant provisions I have long championed that bring maritime laws into the mod-ern era and recognize the positive changes that have taken place in em-ployment rights. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank 
the men and women serving the Coast Guard for their hard work and their vigilance in protecting our country. This is a good bill, and it will allow the Coast Guard to continue protecting our Nation. 
I strongly encourage its passing in 
both the House and the Senate and for the President to sign it into law. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire as to how much time remains. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) has 7 minutes remaining. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), my col-
league. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, as a 
co-chairman of the House Coast Guard Caucus and the Representative from southeastern Connecticut with a deep connection to the Coast Guard, I rise in strong support of the Coast Guard au-thorization bill and the hard work of Chairman H
UNTER and Ranking Mem-
ber G ARAMENDI . 
Every single day, the men and 
women of our Coast Guard are oper-ating around the country and around the world to enforce our laws and pro-tect our country. This bill provides them the tools and support they need to do this important work. 
In particular, I want to highlight a 
specific provision in this bill, section 219, that I was pleased to work with my colleague from Connecticut, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , and committee staff to 
bolster the National Coast Guard Mu-seum. 
Despite a history that reaches back 
to the founding of our Nation, the Coast Guard is the only armed service without a national museum to high-light its heritage. Indeed, the Coast Guard this year is celebrating its 225th anniversary, and it is actually older than the U.S. Navy. Thankfully, efforts are underway to change this. 
The nonprofit National Coast Guard 
Museum Association is building na-tional support and funding for a new museum in New London, Connecticut. When completed, Mr. Speaker, this fa-cility will be a tribute to all who have served and those who serve today in the Coast Guard, and I am proud to support their efforts. 
Section 219 ensures that the Coast 
Guard can provide support to preserve and display its historical artifacts that will be a key part of the museum. This language opens the vault of the Coast Guard’s rich treasure of maritime arti-facts from America’s oldest maritime fleet to be displayed for learning and understanding by the American public and the world. 
This is a huge boost to the effort to 
create a long-overdue museum and sends a powerful signal that this effort has the backing of Congress, the Fed-eral Government, and the Coast Guard. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Com-
mandant Admiral Zukunft; former Commandant Papp, who is his prede-cessor; Joann Burdian; Brittany Pa-netta; and Kent Reinhold in the Coast Guard legislative office for the work that they have done with my office on this and other critical Coast Guard issues and, above all else, for their service to our Nation. 
I congratulate Chairman H
UNTER and 
Ranking Member G ARAMENDI for their 
strong advocacy for our Coast Guard and our Nation’s maritime industry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.027 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9242 December 10, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the 
bill. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I am 
prepared to close. 
Mr. Speaker, to my colleague Mr. 
HUNTER and those who have assisted in 
the drafting of the bill, particularly our staff, I want to thank you for mak-ing all of this possible. 
This bill, which does extend the au-
thorization for the Coast Guard, also provides very, very important ele-ments, most of which you have heard here today. I would urge its passing. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rank-
ing Member G
ARAMENDI and all the 
staff who worked so hard on this, and, again, the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Chair-
man S HUSTER for their help, leadership, 
and support on this. 
Explanation of Sec. 310. Atlantic Coast Port 
Access Route Study. This section would re-quire the Coast Guard to complete its on- going Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study (PARS) by April 2016. This provision was in-cluded in H.R. 1987 because the House was concerned about the impacts on navigation safety from the construction of certain offshore renewable energy projects. The Study will as-sist the federal government, as well as stake-holders, to understand potential impacts and whether the siting of these projects could pose hazards to safe navigation, especially projects built in or near vessel traffic routes. 
The Coast Guard’s Atlantic Coast PARS 
working group has developed standards and a methodology for assessing potential impacts on navigation safety including high, medium and low or minimal impacts. The purpose of the study and the reason for developing stand-ards and methodologies is to assist in future determinations of waterway suitability for pro-posed development projects. 
When the Atlantic Coast PARS began, it ex-
cluded the waters in and around Nantucket Sound. These waters are heavily traveled by commercial vessels, fishing and recreational vessels as well as passenger and freight fer-ries. Because of increased vessel traffic and the potential impacts to navigation from any future development, this section would direct the Coast Guard to complete a separate port access route study of Nantucket Sound using the new standards and methodologies devel-oped by the Coast Guard’s working group. The Atlantic Coast PARS will help the Coast Guard determine whether they should revise current regulations to improve navigation safe-ty by establishing safety fairways, traffic sepa-ration zones or new vessel routing. The Nan-tucket Sound PARS is intended to guide deci-sion-makers to ensure that any future develop-ment in Nantucket Sound will have minimal impact and low risk to navigational safety. This section would require the completion of the Nantucket Sound PARS by December 
I urge the passage of H.R. 4188. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. 
H
UNTER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4188. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 3094 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I am a co-
sponsor of H.R. 3094, and I ask unani-mous consent that my name be with-drawn as a cosponsor of H.R. 3094. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY CBRNE DEFENSE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3875) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3875 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; Table of contents. 
Sec. 2. CBRNE Office. Sec. 3. Chemical Division. Sec. 4. Biological Division. Sec. 5. Nuclear Division. Sec. 6. Explosives Division. Sec. 7. Savings provisions. Sec. 8. Clerical amendments. 
SEC. 2. CBRNE OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following new title: 
‘‘TITLE XXII—CBRNE OFFICE 
‘‘Subtitle A—Chemical, Biological, 
Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office 
‘‘SEC. 2201. CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, RADIO-
LOGICAL, NUCLEAR, AND EXPLO-SIVES OFFICE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Department a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office (referred to in this title as the ‘CBRNE Of-fice’). The CBRNE Office shall be comprised of the Chemical Division, the Biological Di-vision, the Nuclear Division, and the Explo-sives Division. The CBRNE Office may in-clude a Health Division. 
‘‘(b) M
ISSION OF OFFICE .—The mission of 
the CBRNE Office is to coordinate, strength-en, and provide chemical, biological, radio-logical, nuclear, and explosives (CBRNE) ca-pabilities in support of homeland security. 
‘‘(c) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Office 
shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nu-clear, and Explosives Office (referred to in 
this title as the ‘Assistant Secretary’), who shall be appointed by the President by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Sec-
retary shall— 
‘‘(1) develop, coordinate, and maintain 
overall CBRNE strategy and policy for the Department; 
‘‘(2) develop, coordinate, and maintain for 
the Department periodic CBRNE risk assess-ments; 
‘‘(3) serve as the primary Department rep-
resentative for coordinating CBRNE activi-ties with other Federal departments and agencies; 
‘‘(4) provide oversight for the Department’s 
preparedness for CBRNE threats; 
‘‘(5) provide support for operations during 
CBRNE threats or incidents; and 
‘‘(6) carry out such other responsibilities 
as the Secretary determines appropriate, consistent with this title. 
‘‘(e) O
THER OFFICERS .—The Director of the 
Chemical Division, the Director of the Bio-logical Division, the Director of the Nuclear Division, and the Director of the Explosives Division shall report directly to the Assist-ant Secretary. 
‘‘SEC. 2202. COMPOSITION OF THE CBRNE OF-
FICE. 
‘‘The Secretary shall transfer to the 
CBRNE Office, the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) The Office of Health Affairs as in ex-
istence on the day before the date of the en-actment of this title, including the Chief Medical Officer authorized under section 516, and the National Biosurveillance Integration Center authorized under section 316. 
‘‘(2) The Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-
fice authorized under title XIX, as in exist-ence on the date before the date of the enact-ment of this title (and redesignated as the Nuclear Division). 
‘‘(3) CBRNE threat awareness and risk as-
sessment activities of the Science and Tech-nology Directorate. 
‘‘(4) The CBRNE functions of the Office of 
Policy and the Office of Operations Coordi-nation. 
‘‘(5) The Office for Bombing Prevention of 
the National Protection and Programs Direc-torate, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 2203. HIRING AUTHORITY. 
‘‘In hiring personnel for the CBRNE Office, 
the Secretary shall have the hiring and man-agement authorities provided in section 1101 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (5 U.S.C. 3104 note; Public Law 105–261), except that the term of appointments for employees under subsection (c)(1) of such section may not exceed five years before granting any ex-tension under subsection (c)(2) of such sec-tion. 
‘‘SEC. 2204. GRANTS, COOPERATIVE AGREE-
MENTS, AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS AND CONTRACTS. 
‘‘The Assistant Secretary, in carrying out 
the responsibilities under this title, may dis-tribute funds through grants, cooperative agreements, and other transactions and con-tracts. 
‘‘SEC. 2205. TERRORISM RISK ASSESSMENTS. 
‘‘(a) T ERRORISM RISKASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall, in coordination with relevant Depart-ment components and other appropriate Fed-eral departments and agencies, develop, co-ordinate, and update periodically terrorism risk assessments of chemical, biological, ra-diological, and nuclear threats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.029 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9243 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(2) C OMPARISON .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall develop, coordinate, and update peri-odically an integrated terrorism risk assess-ment that assesses all of the threats referred to in paragraph (1) and, as appropriate, ex-plosives threats, and compares each such threat against one another according to their relative risk. 
‘‘(3) I
NCLUSION IN ASSESSMENT .—Each ter-
rorism risk assessment under this subsection shall include a description of the method-ology used for each such assessment. 
‘‘(4) U
PDATES .—Each terrorism risk assess-
ment under this subsection shall be updated not less often than once every two years. 
‘‘(5) P
ROVISION TO CONGRESS .—The Assist-
ant Secretary shall provide a copy of each risk assessment under this subsection to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate not later than 30 days after completion of each such assessment. 
‘‘(b) M
ETHODOLOGY .—In developing the ter-
rorism risk assessments under subsection (a), the Assistant Secretary, in consultation with appropriate Federal departments and agencies, shall— 
‘‘(1) assess the proposed methodology to be 
used for such assessments; and 
‘‘(2) consider the evolving threat to the 
United States as indicated by the intel-ligence community (as such term is defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))). 
‘‘(c) U
SAGE .—The terrorism risk assess-
ments required under subsection (a) shall be used to inform and guide allocation of re-sources for chemical, biological, radio-logical, and nuclear threat activities of the Department. 
‘‘(d) I
NPUT AND SHARING .—The Assistant 
Secretary shall, for each terrorism risk as-sessment under subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) seek input from national stakeholders 
and other Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial officials involved in efforts to counter chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats; 
‘‘(2) ensure that written procedures are in 
place to guide the development of such as-sessments, including for input, review, and implementation purposes, among relevant Federal partners; 
‘‘(3) share such assessments with Federal, 
State, local, tribal, and territorial officials with appropriate security clearances and a need for the information in the classified versions of such assessments; and 
‘‘(4) to the maximum extent practicable, 
make available an unclassified version of such assessments for Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial officials involved in prevention and preparedness for chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear events. 
‘‘SEC. 2206. CBRNE COMMUNICATIONS AND PUB-
LIC MESSAGING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with the Assistant Secretary, shall develop an overarching risk commu-nication strategy for terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents or explosives that pose a high risk to homeland security, and shall— 
‘‘(1) develop threat-specific risk commu-
nication plans, in coordination with appro-priate Federal departments and agencies; 
‘‘(2) develop risk communication messages, 
including pre-scripted messaging to the ex-tent practicable; 
‘‘(3) develop clearly defined interagency 
processes and protocols to assure coordi-nated risk and incident communications and information sharing during incident re-sponse; ‘‘(4) engage private and nongovernmental 
entities in communications planning, as ap-propriate; 
‘‘(5) identify ways to educate and engage 
the public about CBRNE threats and con-sequences; 
‘‘(6) develop strategies for communicating 
using social and new media; and 
‘‘(7) provide guidance on risk and incident 
communications for CBRNE events to State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, and other stakeholders, as appropriate. 
‘‘(b) C
OMMUNICATION DURING RESPONSE .— 
The Secretary shall provide appropriate timely, accurate information to the public, governmental partners, the private sector, and other appropriate stakeholders in the event of a suspected or confirmed terrorist attack or other high consequence event uti-lizing chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents or explosives that pose a high risk to homeland security. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EVELOPMENT EFFORTS .—Not later 
than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on current and future efforts of the Department to develop the communication strategy required under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) F
INALIZATION .—Not later than two 
years after the date the report required under paragraph (1) is submitted, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate the communication strategy re-quired under subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 2207. CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, RADIO-
LOGICAL, NUCLEAR, AND EXPLO-SIVES INTELLIGENCE AND INFOR-MATION SHARING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary of 
Intelligence and Analysis of the Department 
shall— 
‘‘(1) support homeland security-focused in-
telligence analysis of terrorist actors, their claims, and their plans to conduct attacks involving chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear materials or explosives against the United States; 
‘‘(2) support homeland security-focused in-
telligence analysis of global infectious dis-eases, public health, food, agricultural, and veterinary issues; 
‘‘(3) support homeland security-focused 
risk analysis and risk assessments of the homeland security hazards described in para-graphs (1) and (2) by providing relevant quan-titative and nonquantitative threat informa-tion; 
‘‘(4) leverage existing and emerging home-
land security intelligence capabilities and structures to enhance prevention, protec-tion, response, and recovery efforts with re-spect to a chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, or explosives attack; 
‘‘(5) share appropriate information regard-
ing such threats to appropriate State, local, tribal, and territorial authorities, as well as other national biosecurity and biodefense stakeholders; and 
‘‘(6) perform other responsibilities, as as-
signed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION .—Where appropriate, 
the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis shall coordinate with the heads of other relevant Department components, in-cluding the Assistant Secretary, members of the intelligence community, including the National Counter Proliferation Center and the National Counterterrorism Center, and other Federal, State, local, tribal, and terri-torial authorities, including officials from high-threat areas, to enable such entities to 
provide recommendations on optimal infor-mation sharing mechanisms, including expe-ditious sharing of classified information, and on how such entities can provide information 
to the Department. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion and annually thereafter for five years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on— 
‘‘(A) the intelligence and information shar-
ing activities under subsections (a) and (b) and of all relevant entities within the De-partment to prevent, protect against, pre-pare for, respond to, mitigate, and recover from terrorist attacks and other high con-sequence events utilizing chemical, biologi-cal, radiological, or nuclear agents or explo-sives that pose a high risk to homeland secu-rity; and 
‘‘(B) the Department’s activities in accord-
ance with relevant intelligence strategies. 
‘‘(2) A
SSESSMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION .— 
Each report required under paragraph (1) shall also include— 
‘‘(A) a description of methods established 
to assess progress of the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis in implementing this section; and 
‘‘(B) such assessment of such progress. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) I NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term 
‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL BIOSECURITY AND BIODEFENSE  
STAKEHOLDERS .—The term ‘national biosecu-
rity and biodefense stakeholders’ means offi-cials from Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial authorities and individuals from the private sector who are involved in efforts to prevent, protect against, prepare for, re-spond to, mitigate, and recover from a bio-logical attack or other phenomena that may have serious health consequences for the United States, including infectious disease outbreaks.’’. 
(b) A
FTER ACTION AND EFFICIENCIES RE-
VIEW.—Not later than one year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Chemical, Bio-logical, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explo-sives Office of the Department of Homeland Security (established pursuant to section 2201 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section), shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report that— 
(1) reviews the functions and responsibil-
ities of the Chemical, Biological, Radio-logical, Nuclear, and Explosives Office of the Department (established pursuant to section 2201 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section) to identify and eliminate areas of unnecessary duplication; 
(2) provides a detailed accounting of the 
management and administrative expendi-tures and activities of the Office, including expenditures related to the establishment of the CBRNE Office, such as expenditures asso-ciated with the utilization of the Secretary’s authority to award retention bonuses pursu-ant to Federal law; 
(3) identifies any potential cost savings 
and efficiencies within the CBRNE Office or its divisions; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.011 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9244 December 10, 2015 
(4) identifies opportunities to enhance the 
effectiveness of the management and admin-istration of the CBRNE Office to improve operational impact and enhance efficiencies. 
(c) C
HEMICAL , BIOLOGICAL , RADIOLOGICAL , 
NUCLEAR AND EXPLOSIVES RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall assess the organizational structure of the management and execution of the Department of Homeland Security’s chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development ac-tivities, and shall develop and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate at the time the President sub-mits the budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for the fiscal year that follows the issuance of the Comptroller Gen-eral review required pursuant to subsection (d) a proposed organizational structure for the management and execution of such chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development ac-tivities. 
(2) O
RGANIZATIONAL JUSTIFICATION .—The 
Secretary of Homeland Security shall in-clude in the assessment required under para-graph (1) a thorough justification and ration-alization for the proposed organizational structure for management and execution of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development ac-tivities, including the following: 
(A) A discussion of the methodology for de-
termining such proposed organizational structure. 
(B) A comprehensive inventory of chem-
ical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and ex-plosives research and development activities of the Department of Homeland Security and where each such activity will be located within or outside such proposed organiza-tional structure. 
(C) Information relating to how such pro-
posed organizational structure will facilitate and promote coordination and requirements generation with customers. 
(D) Information relating to how such pro-
posed organizational structure will support the development of chemical, biological, ra-diological, nuclear, and explosives research and development priorities across the De-partment. 
(E) If the chemical, biological, radio-
logical, nuclear, and explosives research and development activities of the Department are not co-located in such proposed organiza-tional structure, a justification for such sep-aration. 
(F) The strategy for coordination between 
the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology and the Assistant Secretary for the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office on chemical, biologi-cal, radiological, nuclear, and explosives re-search and development activities. 
(G) Recommendations for necessary statu-
tory changes. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON ACTION .—The Secretary 
of Homeland Security may not take any ac-tion to reorganize the structure referred to in paragraph (1) unless the Secretary re-ceives prior authorization from the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate permitting any such action. 
(d) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
REVIEW OF CHEMICAL , B IOLOGICAL , R ADIO-LOGICAL , N UCLEAR , AND EXPLOSIVES RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a review of the organizational structure of the De-partment of Homeland Security’s manage-ment and execution of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives re-search and development activities. 
(2) S
COPE.—The review required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the organizational 
structure for the management and execution of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development ac-tivities of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, including identification of any over-lap or duplication of effort. 
(B) Recommendations to streamline and 
improve the organizational structure of the Department’s management and execution of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development ac-tivities. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the review required under this subsection. 
(e) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION ANA-
LYZED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY TO STATE , LOCAL , TRIBAL , AND PRI-
VATE ENTITIES WITHRESPONSIBILITIES RELAT -
ING TO HOMELAND SECURITY .—Paragraph (8) 
of section 201(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘and to agencies of State’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘to State, local, tribal, terri-torial, and appropriate private entities with such responsibilities, and, as appropriate, to the public, in order to assist in preventing, protecting against, preparing for, responding to, mitigating, and recovering from terrorist attacks against the United States.’’. 
(f) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2) of section 103(a) (6 
U.S.C. 113(a)), by striking ‘‘Assistant Sec-retary for Health Affairs, the Assistant Sec-retary for Legislative Affairs, or the Assist-ant Secretary for Public Affairs,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Legislative Af-fairs or the Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs,’’; 
(2) in section 302 (6 U.S.C. 182)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (13) and 
(14) as paragraphs (14) and (15), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (12) the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(13) collaborating with the Assistant Sec-
retary for the Chemical, Biological, Radio-logical, Nuclear, and Explosives Office on all chemical, biological, and explosives research and development activities;’’; 
(3) in subsection (b) of section 307 (6 U.S.C. 
187), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) CBRNE 
DEFENSE .—The Director shall 
coordinate with the Assistant Secretary for the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nu-clear, and Explosives Office on all chemical, biological, and explosives research and devel-opment activities.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (c) of section 516 (6 U.S.C. 
321e)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘, including the health impacts of chemical, biological, radiological, and nu-clear agents and explosives’’ after ‘‘natural disasters’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) coordinating the Department’s policy, 
strategy, and preparedness for pandemics and emerging infectious diseases;’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Under 
Secretary for Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for the Chem-ical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office’’. 
SEC. 3. CHEMICAL DIVISION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XXII of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new subtitle: 
‘‘Subtitle B—Chemical Division 
‘‘SEC. 2211. CHEMICAL DIVISION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the CBRNE Office a Chemical Division, headed by a Director of the Chemical Divi-sion (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Di-rector’). 
‘‘(b) M
ISSION AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The 
Director shall be responsible for coordi-nating departmental strategy and policy re-lating to terrorist attacks and other high- consequence events utilizing chemical agents that pose a high risk to homeland se-curity, including the following: 
‘‘(1) Developing and maintaining the De-
partment’s strategy against chemical threats. 
‘‘(2) Serving as the Department representa-
tive for chemical threats and related activi-ties with other Federal departments and agencies. 
‘‘(3) Providing oversight of the Depart-
ment’s preparedness, including operational requirements, for chemical threats. 
‘‘(4) Enhancing the capabilities of Federal, 
State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ments, and private entities as appropriate, against chemical threats. 
‘‘(5) Evaluating and providing guidance to 
Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, and private entities as appro-priate, on detection and communication technology that could be effective in ter-rorist attacks and other high-consequence events utilizing chemical agents. 
‘‘(6) Supporting and enhancing the effec-
tive sharing and use of appropriate informa-tion generated by the intelligence commu-nity (as such term is defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))), law enforcement agencies, other Federal, State, local tribal, and terri-torial governments, and foreign govern-ments, on chemical threats. 
‘‘SEC. 2212. DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director may, sub-
ject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, partner with high-risk urban areas or facilities to conduct demonstration projects to enhance, through Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, and private entities, capabilities of the United States to counter terrorist attacks and other high-consequence events utilizing chemical agents that pose a high risk to homeland security. 
‘‘(b) G
OALS .—The Director may provide 
guidance and evaluations for all situations and venues at risk of terrorist attacks and other high-consequence events utilizing chemical agents, such as at ports, areas of mass gathering, and transit facilities, and may— 
‘‘(1) ensure all high-risk situations and 
venues are studied; and 
‘‘(2) ensure key findings and best practices 
are made available to State, local, tribal, and territorial governments and the private sector. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.011 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9245 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(c) C ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Di-
rector shall notify the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate not later than 30 days before initiating a new demonstration project.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an as-sessment of the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s programs and activities related to terrorist attacks and other high-consequence events utilizing chemical agents that pose a high risk to homeland security. 
SEC. 4. BIOLOGICAL DIVISION. 
Title XXII of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act and as amended by section 3 of this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subtitle: 
‘‘Subtitle C—Biological Division 
‘‘SEC. 2221. BIOLOGICAL DIVISION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the CBRNE Office a Biological Division, headed by a Director of the Biological Divi-sion (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Di-rector’). 
‘‘(b) M
ISSION AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The 
Office shall be responsible for coordinating departmental strategy and policy relating to terrorist attacks and other high-consequence events utilizing biological agents that pose a high risk to homeland security, including the following: 
‘‘(1) Developing and maintaining the De-
partment’s strategy against biological threats. 
‘‘(2) Serving as the Department representa-
tive for biological threats and related activi-ties with other Federal departments and agencies. 
‘‘(3) Providing oversight for the Depart-
ment’s preparedness, including operational requirements, for biological threats. 
‘‘(4) Enhancing the capabilities of Federal, 
State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ments, and private entities as appropriate, against biological threats. 
‘‘(5) Supporting and enhancing the effec-
tive sharing and use of appropriate informa-tion generated by the intelligence commu-nity (as such term is defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))), law enforcement agencies, other Federal, State, local, tribal, and terri-torial governments, and foreign govern-ments, on biological threats. 
‘‘(6) Achieving a biological detection pro-
gram. 
‘‘(7) Maintaining the National Biosurveil-
lance Integration Center, authorized under section 316.’’. 
SEC. 5. NUCLEAR DIVISION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XXII of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act and as amended by sections 3 and 4 of this Act, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following new subtitle: 
‘‘Subtitle D—Nuclear Division 
‘‘SEC. 2231. NUCLEAR DIVISION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
include within the CBRNE Office the Nuclear Division under title XIX, headed by the Di-rector of the Nuclear Division (in this sub-title referred to as the ‘Director’) pursuant to section 1901. 
‘‘(b) M
ISSION AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—In ad-
dition to the responsibilities specified in title XIX, the Director shall also be respon-sible for coordinating departmental strategy and policy relating to terrorist attacks and other high-consequence events utilizing nu-
clear or other radiological materials, and for coordinating Federal efforts to detect and protect against the unauthorized importa-tion, possession, storage, transportation, de-velopment, or use of a nuclear explosive de-vice, fissile material, or radiological mate-rial in the United States, and to protect against an attack using such devices or ma-terials against the people, territory, or inter-ests of the United States, in accordance with title XIX.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Title XIX of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 is amended— 
(1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ DO-
MESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ NUCLEAR DIVISION ’’; 
(2) in section 1901 (6 U.S.C. 591)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
DOMESTIC  
NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ’’ and inserting 
‘‘NUCLEAR DIVISION ’’; 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘There 
shall be established in the Department a Do-mestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and insert-ing ‘‘There is in the Department a Nuclear Division, located in the CBRNE Office’’; and 
(C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Director 
for Domestic Nuclear Detection, who shall be appointed by the President’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Nuclear Division’’; 
(3) in subsection (a) of section 1902 (6 U.S.C. 
592)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting after ‘‘responsible for’’ the 
following: ‘‘coordinating departmental strat-egy and policy relating to terrorist attacks and other high-consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials, and for’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘to protect’’ and inserting 
‘‘protecting’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (11), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Do-mestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Nuclear Division’’; 
(4) by repealing section 1903 (6 U.S.C. 593); (5) in section 1906 (6 U.S.C. 596)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Domestic Nuclear Detec-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘the Nuclear Division’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7) of’’; 
and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (6) and (7) of’’; 
(6) in section 1907 (6 U.S.C. 596a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Annual’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘Biennial’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘each year’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘every two years’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘previous year’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘previous two years’’; 
(D) in the heading of subsection (a), by 
striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IEN-
NIAL’’; and 
(E) subsection (b)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘odd- 
numbered’’ after ‘‘each’’; and 
(iii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘annual’’ 
and inserting ‘‘biennial’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following new 
section: 
‘‘SEC. 1908. DOMESTIC IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
GLOBAL NUCLEAR DETECTION AR-CHITECTURE. 
‘‘In carrying out the mission of the Office 
under subparagraph (A) of section 1902(a)(4), the Director of the Nuclear Division shall 
provide support for planning, organization, equipment, training, exercises, and oper-ational assessments to Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments to assist such governments in implementing radio-logical and nuclear detection capabilities in the event of terrorist attacks or other high- 
consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high 
risk to homeland security. Such capabilities shall be integrated into the enhanced global nuclear detection architecture referred to in such section 1902(a)(4), and shall inform and be guided by architecture studies, tech-nology needs, and research activities of the Office.’’. 
(c) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, 
regulation, or rule to the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office or the Director for Domes-tic Nuclear Detection of the Department of Homeland Security shall be deemed to be a reference to the Nuclear Division or the Di-rector of the Nuclear Division, respectively, of the Department. 
SEC. 6. EXPLOSIVES DIVISION. 
Title XXII of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act and as amended by sections 3, 4, and 5 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subtitle: 
‘‘Subtitle E—Explosives Division 
‘‘SEC. 2241. EXPLOSIVES DIVISION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
within the CBRNE Office an Explosives Divi-sion, headed by a Director of the Explosives Division (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Director’). 
‘‘(b) M
ISSION AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The 
Director shall be responsible for coordi-nating departmental strategy and policy re-lating to terrorist attacks and other high- consequence events utilizing explosives that pose a high risk to homeland security, in-cluding the following: 
‘‘(1) Developing and maintaining the De-
partment’s strategy against explosives threats. 
‘‘(2) Serving as the Department representa-
tive for explosives threats and related activi-ties with other Federal departments and agencies. 
‘‘(3) Providing oversight of the Depart-
ment’s preparedness, including operational requirements, for explosives threats. 
‘‘(4) Enhancing the capabilities of Federal, 
State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ments, and private entities as appropriate, to counter terrorist attacks and other high- consequence events utilizing explosives. 
‘‘(5) Evaluating and providing guidance to 
Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments and appropriate private enti-ties on detection and communication tech-nology that could be effective during ter-rorist attacks or other high-consequence events utilizing explosives. 
‘‘(6) Supporting and enhancing the effec-
tive sharing and use of appropriate informa-tion generated by the intelligence commu-nity (as such term is defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))), law enforcement agencies, other Federal, State, local, tribal, and terri-torial government agencies, and foreign gov-ernments, on explosives threats.’’. 
SEC. 7. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
Nothing in this Act shall change the au-
thority of the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to lead the emergency management system of the United States. Nothing in this Act shall alter the responsibility of the Chief Medical Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to serve as the principal advisor to the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency on medical and public health issues pursuant to paragraph (1) of section 516(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321e(c)). 
SEC. 8. CLERICAL AMENDMENTS. 
The table of contents in section 1(b) of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.011 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9246 December 10, 2015 
(1) by striking the item relating to title 
XIX and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘TITLE XIX—NUCLEAR DIVISION’’; 
(2) by striking the item relating to section 
1901 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1901. Nuclear Division.’’; 
(3) by striking the item relating to section 
1903; 
(4) by adding after the item relating to sec-
tion 1907 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1908. Domestic Implementation of the 
global nuclear detection archi-tecture.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘TITLE XXII—CBRNE OFFICE 
‘‘Subtitle A—Chemical, Biological, 
Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office 
‘‘Sec. 2201. Chemical, Biological, Radio-
logical, Nuclear, and Explosives Office. 
‘‘Sec. 2202. Composition of the CBRNE Of-
fice. 
‘‘Sec. 2203. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 2204. Grants, cooperative agreements, 
and other transactions and con-tracts. 
‘‘Sec. 2205. Terrorism risk assessments. ‘‘Sec. 2206. CBRNE communications and 
public messaging. 
‘‘Sec. 2207. Chemical, biological, radio-
logical, nuclear, and explosives intelligence and information sharing.’’. 
‘‘Subtitle B—Chemical Division 
‘‘Sec. 2211. Chemical Division. 
‘‘Sec. 2212. Demonstration projects.’’. 
‘‘Subtitle C—Biological Division 
‘‘Sec. 2221. Biological Division.’’. 
‘‘Subtitle D—Nuclear Division 
‘‘Sec. 2231. Nuclear Division.’’. 
‘‘Subtitle E—Explosives Division 
‘‘Sec. 2241. Explosives Division.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this bill, the Department of Home-land Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015. 
The threat from weapons of mass de-
struction is real and growing. We have seen groups like ISIS make makeshift chemical weapons; and on the battle-field last summer, a laptop reportedly retrieved from an ISIS hideout in Syria contained plans for weaponizing bu-bonic plague and documents discussing advantages of using biological weap-ons. They have also boasted about plans to smuggle radiological material into the United States. With recent FBI stings in places like Moldova, we know that there are sellers ready to supply the ingredients for these tools of terror, which brings us to the pur-
pose of this legislation before us today. 
Mr. Speaker, the Department of 
Homeland Security must play a leading role in defending our homeland from CBRNE threats. Departments and agencies across the United States Gov-ernment have centralized their weap-ons of mass destruction programs to provide clear focal points for dealing with this threat. Within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, however, leadership, expertise, personnel, and re-sources related to chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosive threats are disbursed across numerous organizations within DHS head-quarters. By consolidating offices with-in the DHS headquarters with responsi-bility for CBRNE, H.R. 3875 will ensure better coordination within the Depart-ment and interagency. 
Mr. Speaker, we are living in dan-
gerous times, and we must ensure the Federal Government is prepared to ad-dress these threats. This bill will en-sure that the Department of Homeland Security is able to do so. 
Before I close, I would like to thank 
Chairmen S
HUSTER and S MITH for their 
cooperation in moving this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this important legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 8, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-
cerning H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Home-land Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015’’. This legislation includes matters that I be-lieve fall within the rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
In order to expedite Floor consideration of 
H.R. 3875, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure agrees to forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consid-eration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s rule X jurisdiction. 
I request that you please place a copy of 
this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congres-sional Record. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, December 8, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Transportation and Infrastructure 
Committee, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER , Thank you for 
your interest in H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your cooperation in allow-ing the bill to move expeditiously under sus-pension of the House Rules on December 8, 2015. Because your assertion of jurisdictional interest was raised after the report for H.R. 3875 was filed, the Parliamentarians were not 
able to render an official decision as to any jurisdictional claim the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee may have had. 
I agree that the absence of a decision on 
this bill will not prejudice any claim the Transportation and Infrastructure Com-mittee may have had, or may have with re-spect to similar measures in the future. 
A copy of this letter will be entered into 
the Congressional Record. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, December 8, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Home-land Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015,’’ which your Committee reported on Novem-ber 16, 2015. 
H.R. 3875 contains provisions within the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, December 8, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH, Thank you for your 
interest in H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your cooperation in allow-ing the bill to move expeditiously under sus-pension of the House Rules on December 8, 2015. Because your assertion of jurisdictional interest was raised after the report for H.R. 3875 was filed, the Parliamentarians were not able to render an official decision as to any jurisdictional claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology may have had. 
I agree that the absence of a decision on 
this bill will not prejudice any claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology may have had, or may have with re-spect to similar measures in the future. 
A copy of this letter will be entered into 
the Congressional Record. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.011 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9247 December 10, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3875, the Department of Homeland Se-curity CBRNE Defense Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, we were here 2 days 
ago, and I said that the American peo-ple are looking for the homeland to be safe. As I stand here today in the back-drop of a recent classified briefing for many Members, I again say that the issue of homeland security is not a par-tisan issue. 
I am very grateful to Mr. M
CCAUL 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, the 
ranking member, for their bipartisan-ship and the bipartisanship of this committee. Working alongside the other jurisdictional committees—that includes my other committee, Judici-ary, that has, as their ranking mem-ber, Mr. C
ONYERS , and chairman, Mr. 
GOODLATTE , and many other commit-
tees—our commitment should be to se-cure the American people. 
So, in this instance, pursuant to the 
fiscal year 2013 Consolidated and Fur-ther Continuing Appropriations Act, the Department of Homeland Security was directed to evaluate its activities related to preventing and responding to threats posed by chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosive, CBRNE, weapons and to determine whether there were ways to improve coordination of those activities. 
Nearly 2 years later, DHS submitted 
its report to Congress and requested that certain activities and offices with-in the Department be consolidated to create a center of gravity for the DHS CBRNE activities. 
H.R. 3875 seeks to implement much of 
the Department’s proposal. In par-ticular, the bill would bring the Office of Health Affairs, the Domestic Nu-clear Detection Office, the Office of Bombing Prevention, the chemical and biological risk assessment activities Science and Technology Directorate, and staff from the Office of Policy and Office of Coordination Operations to-gether in a single office, headed by a new assistant secretary. 
I distinctly remember being in some 
of the meetings and hearings that drew about some of these coordinated activi-ties, and I believe the new assistant secretary will be a very effective tool for making America safer. 
During committee consideration of 
the measure, the committee accepted an amendment authored by Ranking Member T
HOMPSON to protect the mis-
sions of the offices brought together and prevent some of the disruption that could be caused by this kind of re-organization. 
The amendment acknowledges that 
this reorganization will likely neces-sitate new expenditures. For instance, DHS may need to utilize retention bo-nuses to retain highly skilled, much- sought-after nuclear and biodefense ex-perts who otherwise would leave DHS because of their lowered position and reduced prospects for advancement. I believe we should do that. 
Ranking Member T
HOMPSON ’s amend-
ment also protects the role of the Chief Medical Officer as a leader within the 
Department on public health and med-ical issues by preserving the CMO’s di-rect line to the Secretary. 
The amendment allows for the estab-
lishment of a health division within the new office which could serve as a base of operations for the Chief Med-ical Officer’s public health activities. 
I might comment very briefly further 
on this. We have found that we live in a situation where, whether it is a nat-ural disaster, but in this instance a ter-rorist situation that comes about, there is certainly major need for co-ordinated health activities that a per-son briefed, informed, and trained under DHS, with the expertise, can give to local entities and States. 
For example, a hospital in my com-
munity, St. Joseph Medical Center, is the only hospital in a very intense downtown urban center. We would be interested in making sure that all of those health systems work. 
As a nation, we cannot afford to have 
focus and attention toward the CBRNE mission diminished as a result of the unavoidable staff upheaval and infight-ing associated within any organization of this order. 
Accordingly, I am pleased that H.R. 
3875, as amended, will help bolster the Department’s ability to carry out this reorganization without diminishing its ability to continue to carry out its CBRNE mission. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak in sup-
port of H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Home-land Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015.’’ 
As a Senior Member of the Homeland Secu-
rity Committee, I served as Ranking Member of the Border and Maritime Subcommittee dur-ing the last Congress and in a previous Con-gress chaired the Subcommittee on Transpor-tation Security. 
It is important that the House take up the 
issue of how the WMD programs within the Department of Homeland Security are man-aged, which is why I am an original sponsor of the bill. 
Events over the last Congress make it clear 
that Congress should be even more vigilant in providing for the protection of the United States. 
Congress should be mindful of the: United 
States’ leadership in the effort to forge an en-forceable and verifiable nuclear agreement with Iran; deadliness of chemical weapons when they were used during the Syrian con-flict against unarmed men, women, and chil-dren; and arrival of Ebola in Dallas, Texas and the cases that were treated around the nation. 
The bill authorizes an Office of Chemical, 
Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explo-sives (CBRNE) Defense within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). 
Departments and agencies across the U.S. 
government have centralized their weapons of mass destruction (WMD) defense programs to provide clear focal points for dealing with this threat. 
However, DHS responsibilities in the chem-
ical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and ex-plosives areas continue to be spread across many offices in the Department with varying authorities and functions, affecting strategic di-rection as well as interdepartmental and inter-agency coordination. This bill will bring DHS into line with the De-
fense Department, State Department, CIA, and FBI, which each have a lead office or bu-reau charged with defending America against chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives (CBRNE) threats. 
This is the result of many years of oversight 
by the Committee on Homeland Security on the Department’s management of CBRNE ac-tivities. 
The bill authorizes a CBRNE Office, led by 
a Presidentially-appointed Assistant Secretary. 
The bill directs the Secretary to include with-
in the new CBRNE Office: the Office of Health Affairs; the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office; risk assessment activities and personnel of the Science and Technology Directorate; CBRNE activities and personnel of the Office of Policy and Operations Coordination and Planning; and the Office for Bombing Prevention. 
The bill provides specific responsibilities of 
the Assistant Secretary and needed structure for the management of CBRNE activities. 
DHS provided its proposal for consolidation 
of CBRNE activities to the Committee in June. 
The Subcommittees on Emergency Pre-
paredness, Response, and Communications; and Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a hearing in July on the Department’s proposal. 
I urge my colleagues on in the House to join 
me in supporting this important step forward. 
Our work is not yet done, but we are cre-
ating the groundwork for a safer and more re-silient WMD deterrent, detection, and remedi-ation federal homeland effort. 
I appreciate the Homeland Security Commit-
tee’s interest in my bill H.R. 85, Terrorism Pre-vention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. 
Like Chairman M
CCAUL, and Ranking Mem-
ber T HOMPSON , I regard securing our nation’s 
critical infrastructure from terrorist threats as a top national and homeland security priority. 
I share the understanding regarding how im-
portant it is to draft legislation that addresses the cyber threat posed by computer viruses and worms designed to destroy or cripple in-dustrial control systems that sustain critical in-frastructure is a serious challenge. 
RECOMMENDATION : SUPPORT  
Fixing a Broken Bureaucracy—H.R. 3875 in-
creases transparency and accountability at DHS by bringing the Department’s fragmented WMD defense programs under one roof and putting a lead official in charge. 
Most security agencies (the Defense De-
partment, State Department, CIA, and FBI) have a lead office or bureau charged with using their resources to defend America against chemical, biological, radiological, nu-clear, and explosives (CBRNE) threats. 
But DHS does not—its WMD defense pro-
grams are scattered across multiple offices, a fractured approach that weakens our ability to confront these dangers on the frontlines. 
The disorganization creates inefficiency, 
generates confusion about who is in charge at DHS, makes interagency collaboration more difficult, and drives away top talent. 
The CBRNE Defense Act combines six sep-
arate offices and programs into one central CBRNE Office at DHS headquarters, led by a senior official who reports directly to the Sec-retary. 
Elevating a Critical Mission—H.R. 3875 cre-
ates a stronger, unified office equipped to keep the nation safe from WMD threats, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.033 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9248 December 10, 2015 
it ensures these issues will always stay on the 
Department’s ‘‘front burner.’’ 
America faces persistent risk from terrorists 
and rogue states that want to threaten our people with weapons of mass destruction. 
But under the current structure at DHS, im-
portant WMD defense efforts can get lost in the bureaucratic noise. 
By consolidating these programs, the legis-
lation will keep WMD challenges on the radar of top officials. 
It will also allow DHS to conduct its CBRNE 
activities more strategically and effectively. 
Streamlining Government—H.R. 3875 helps 
prevent taxpayer dollars from being wasted— and aims to reduce overlap and duplication wherever possible. 
Hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars 
have been spent on failed CBRNE programs at DHS that were ill-planned and lacked effec-tive oversight and management. 
This legislation ensures DHS programs for 
combating WMD threats will be better coordi-nated and more closely monitored at the high-est levels of the Department. 
The bill simplifies the Secretary’s ability to 
oversee the Department’s WMD defense ac-tivities by consolidating standalone offices and streamlining the reporting structure. 
I also creates the possibility of long-term 
savings by allowing the merged offices to combine their administrative functions. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
more speakers. If the gentlewoman from Texas has no further speakers, I am prepared to close once the gentle-woman does. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman very much for his leadership. I do not have any further speakers, but I would like to close and thank the committee as well for con-sidering a bill that is now being re-viewed—I want to thank the com-mittee—H.R. 85, Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, which I hope contributes to all of our discussions about securing Amer-ica. 
This bill, Mr. Speaker, in particular, 
H.R. 3875, would consolidate important CBRNE activities within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. I am hope-ful that this reorganization will im-prove DHS’ ability to carry out its mis-sion in this space. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, the diversity in 
the terrorist landscape is unprece-dented. There are actors with aspira-tions to hit Western targets with dead-ly conventional weapons. There are also actors that are actively seeking to secure radiological and other non-conventional weaponry to exact max-imum death, destruction, and chaos. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity, first established after 9/11, has been designated and dictated to by the American people to keep them safe. It has an important role to play to ad-dress these threats. It is my great hope that this reorganization will help DHS take its CBRNE efforts to the next level. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me first thank my 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle, Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi, for their coordina-
tion on this bill. I think this com-mittee, probably more than any other one, has operated in a very bipartisan fashion. I am proud of that, as a chair-man. I think in matters of national se-curity, that is how we should operate, to reach across the aisle to get good things done for the American people to make them safer. So let me just say thank you for that. 
I don’t have to remind you, Mr. 
Speaker, the threats are real out there. We got a classified briefing on San Bernardino, the pipe bombs that were manufactured. In Dabiq Magazine, ISIS’ latest publication, they discuss the ease with which to move a nuclear device through transnational criminal organizations into the Western Hemi-sphere: through Mexico and across our southwest border. That is precisely the kind of threat that this bill is designed to stop. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3875, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1545 
DHS SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 
REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3578) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002, to strengthen and make improvements to the Directorate of Science and Technology of the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3578 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Science 
and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT 
OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 is amended— 
(1) in section 301 (6 U.S.C. 181)— (A) by striking ‘‘There’’ and inserting the 
following new subsection: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) M ISSION .—The Directorate of Science 
and Technology shall be the primary re-search, development, testing, and evaluation arm of the Department, responsible for co-
ordinating the research, development, test-ing, and evaluation of the Department to strengthen the security and resiliency of the United States. The Directorate shall— 
‘‘(1) develop and deliver knowledge, anal-
yses, and innovative solutions that are re-sponsive to homeland security capability gaps and threats to the homeland identified by components and offices of the Depart-ment, the first responder community, and the Homeland Security Enterprise (as such term is defined in section 322) and that can be integrated into operations of the Depart-ment; 
‘‘(2) seek innovative, system-based solu-
tions to complex homeland security prob-lems and threats; and 
‘‘(3) build partnerships and leverage tech-
nology solutions developed by other Federal agencies and laboratories, State, local, and tribal governments, universities, and the pri-vate sector.’’; 
(2) in section 302 (6 U.S.C. 182)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology, shall’’ and inserting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall carry out the mission de-scribed in subsection (b) of section 301 and shall’’; 
(B) in subsection (a), as so amended by sub-
paragraph (A) of this paragraph— 
(i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and serv-
ing as the senior scientific advisor to the Secretary’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘national’’; (II) by striking ‘‘biological,,’’ and inserting 
‘‘biological,’’; and 
(III) by inserting ‘‘that may serve as a 
basis of a national strategy’’ after ‘‘terrorist threats’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary for In-
telligence and Analysis and the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘components and offices of the De-partment’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘terrorist’’ before 
‘‘threats’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘except 
that such responsibility does not extend to human health-related research and develop-ment activities’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘including coordinating with relevant com-ponents and offices of the Department appro-priate to— 
‘‘(A) identify and prioritize technical capa-
bility requirements and create solutions that include researchers, the private sector, and operational end users, and 
‘‘(B) develop capabilities to address issues 
on research, development, testing, evalua-tion, technology, and standards for the first responder community, except that such responsibility does not ex-tend to the human health-related research and development activities;’’. 
(v) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘bio-
logical,,’’ and inserting ‘‘biological,’’; 
(vi) by amending paragraph (12) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(12) coordinating and integrating all re-
search, development, demonstration, testing, and evaluation activities of the Department, including through a centralized Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.014 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9249 December 10, 2015 
clearinghouse established pursuant to para-
graph (1) of section 313(b) for information re-lating to technologies that would further the mission of the Department, and providing advice, as necessary, regarding major acqui-sition programs;’’. 
(vii) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(viii) in paragraph (14), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(ix) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(15) establishing a process that— ‘‘(A) includes consideration by Directorate 
leadership, senior component leadership, first responders, and outside expertise; 
‘‘(B) is strategic, transparent, and repeat-
able with a goal of continuous improvement; 
‘‘(C) through which research and develop-
ment projects undertaken by the Directorate are assessed on a regular basis; and 
‘‘(D) includes consideration of metrics to 
ensure research and development projects meet Directorate and Department goals and inform departmental budget and program planning; 
‘‘(16) developing and overseeing the admin-
istration of guidelines for periodic external review of departmental research and devel-opment programs or activities, including through— 
‘‘(A) consultation with experts, including 
scientists and practitioners, regarding the research and development activities con-ducted by the Directorate of Science and Technology; and 
‘‘(B) biennial independent, external re-
view— 
‘‘(i) initially at the division level; or ‘‘(ii) when divisions conduct multiple pro-
grams focused on significantly different sub-jects, at the program level; and 
‘‘(17) partnering with components and of-
fices of the Department to develop and de-liver knowledge, analyses, and innovative so-lutions that are responsive to identified homeland security capability gaps and threats to the homeland and raise the science-based, analytic capability and capac-ity of appropriate individuals throughout the Department by providing guidance on how to better identify homeland security capability gaps and threats to the homeland that may be addressed through a technological solu-tion and by partnering with such compo-nents and offices to— 
‘‘(A) support technological assessments of 
major acquisition programs throughout the acquisition lifecycle; 
‘‘(B) help define appropriate technological 
requirements and perform feasibility anal-ysis; 
‘‘(C) assist in evaluating new and emerging 
technologies against homeland security ca-pability gaps and terrorist threats; 
‘‘(D) support evaluation of alternatives; ‘‘(E) improve the use of technology Depart-
ment-wide; and 
‘‘(F) provide technical assistance in the de-
velopment of acquisition lifecycle cost for technologies; 
‘‘(18) acting as a coordinating office for 
technology development for the Department by helping components and offices define technological requirements, and building partnerships with appropriate entities (such as within the Department and with other Federal agencies and laboratories, State, local, and tribal governments, universities, and the private sector) to help each such component and office attain the technology solutions it needs; 
‘‘(19) coordinating with organizations that 
provide venture capital to businesses, par-ticularly small businesses, as appropriate, to assist in the commercialization of innova-tive homeland security technologies that are expected to be ready for commercialization 
in the near term and within 36 months.’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF RESPONSIBILITIES .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this subsection, the Under Sec-retary for Science and Technology shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a re-port on the implementation of paragraphs (2) (including how the policy and strategic plan under such paragraph may serve as a basis for a national strategy referred to in such paragraph), (11), (12), (13), (16), and (17) of subsection (a).’’; 
(3) in section 303(1) (6 U.S.C. 183(1)), by 
striking subparagraph (F); 
(4) in section 305 (6 U.S.C. 185)— (A) by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting the 
following new subsection: 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) C ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—The Sec-
retary shall review and revise, as appro-priate, the policies of the Department relat-ing to personnel conflicts of interest to en-sure that such policies specifically address employees of federally funded research and development centers established pursuant to subsection (a) who are in a position to make or materially influence research findings or agency decision making.’’; 
(5) in section 306 (6 U.S.C. 186)— (A) in subsection (c), by adding at the end 
the following new sentence: ‘‘If such regula-tions are issued, the Under Secretary shall report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate prior to such issuance.’’; and 
(B) by amending subsection (d) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(d) P
ERSONNEL .—In hiring personnel for 
the Directorate of Science and Technology, the Secretary shall have the hiring and man-agement authorities described in section 1101 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (5 U.S.C. 3104 note; Public Law 105–261). The term of appointments for employees under subsection (c)(1) of such section may not ex-ceed five years before the granting of any ex-tension under subsection (c)(2) of such sec-tion.’’; 
(6) in section 308 (6 U.S.C. 188)— (A) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and nuclear 
countermeasures or detection’’ and inserting ‘‘nuclear, and explosives countermeasures or detection (which may include research into remote sensing and remote imaging)’’; and 
(II) by adding after clause (xiv) the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(xv) Cybersecurity.’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (D) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(D) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this subparagraph and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of 
this section. Each such report shall— 
‘‘(i) indicate which center or centers have 
been designated pursuant to this section; 
‘‘(ii) describe how such designation or des-
ignations enhance homeland security; 
‘‘(iii) provide information on any decisions 
to revoke or modify such designation or des-ignations; 
‘‘(iv) describe research that has been 
tasked and completed by each center that has been designated during the preceding 
year; 
‘‘(v) describe funding provided by the Sec-
retary for each center under clause (iv) for that year; and 
‘‘(vi) describe plans for utilization of each 
center or centers in the forthcoming year.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) T
EST, EVALUATION , ANDSTANDARDS DI-
VISION .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Directorate of Science and Tech-nology a Test, Evaluation, and Standards Di-vision. 
‘‘(2) D
IRECTOR .—The Test, Evaluation, and 
Standards Division shall be headed by a Di-rector of Test, Evaluation, and Standards, who shall be appointed by the Secretary and report to the Under Secretary for Science and Technology. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES , AUTHORITIES , AND 
FUNCTIONS .—The Director of Test, Evalua-
tion, and Standards— 
‘‘(A) through the Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology, serve as an adviser to the Secretary and the Under Secretary of Management on all test and evaluation or standards activities in the Department; and 
‘‘(B) shall— ‘‘(i) establish and update as necessary test 
and evaluation policies for the Department, 
including policies to ensure that operational testing is done at facilities that already have relevant and appropriate safety and material certifications to the extent such facilities are available; 
‘‘(ii) oversee and ensure that adequate test 
and evaluation activities are planned and conducted by or on behalf of components and offices of the Department with respect to major acquisition programs of the Depart-ment, as designated by the Secretary, based on risk, acquisition level, novelty, com-plexity, and size of any such acquisition pro-gram, or as otherwise established in statute; 
‘‘(iii) review major acquisition program 
test reports and test data to assess the ade-quacy of test and evaluation activities con-ducted by or on behalf of components and of-fices of the Department, including test and evaluation activities planned or conducted pursuant to clause (ii); and 
‘‘(iv) review available test and evaluation 
infrastructure to determine whether the De-partment has adequate resources to carry out its testing and evaluation responsibil-ities, as established under this title. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Test, Evaluation, 
and Standards Division is not required to carry out operational testing of major acqui-sition programs. 
‘‘(5) E
VALUATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE TECHNOLOGIES .—The Director of Test, 
Evaluation, and Standards may evaluate technologies currently in use or being devel-oped by the Department of Defense to assess whether such technologies can be leveraged to address homeland security capability gaps.’’; 
(7) in section 309(a) (6 U.S.C. 189(a)), by 
adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN FUNDS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, any funds provided to a Department of Energy national laboratory by the Department may not be treated as an assisted acquisition.’’; 
(8) in section 310 (6 U.S.C. 190), by adding at 
the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) S
UCCESSOR FACILITY .—Any successor 
facility to the Plum Island Animal Disease Center, including the National Bio and Agro- Defense Facility (NBAF) under construction as of the date of the enactment of this sub-section, which is intended to the replace the Plum Island Animal Disease Center shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.015 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9250 December 10, 2015 
subject to the requirements of this section in 
the same manner and to the same extent as the Plum Island Animal Disease Center under this section.’’; 
(9) in section 311 (6 U.S.C. 191)— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘20 members’’ and inserting 
‘‘not fewer than 15 and not more than 30’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘academia, national labs, 
private industry, and’’ after ‘‘representatives of’’; 
(ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) S
UBCOMMITTEES .—The Advisory Com-
mittee may establish subcommittees that focus on research and development chal-lenges, as appropriate.’’; 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘on a ro-
tating basis’’ before the period at the end; 
(ii) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-
nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); and 
(iii) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘be appointed’’ and inserting ‘‘serve’’; 
(C) in subsection (e), in the second sen-
tence, by striking ‘‘the call of’’; 
(D) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the first sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘render’’ and inserting 
‘‘submit’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘Congress’’ and inserting 
‘‘the appropriate congressional committees’’; 
(II) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘, 
and incorporate the findings and rec-ommendations of the Advisory Committee subcommittees,’’ before ‘‘during’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) striking ‘‘render’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
mit’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘Congress’’ and inserting 
‘‘the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate’’; 
(E) in subsection (i), by inserting ‘‘, except 
that the Advisory Committee shall file a charter with Congress every two years in ac-cordance with subsection (b)(2) of such sec-tion (14)’’; 
(F) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘2008’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2020’’; 
(10) in section 313 (6 U.S.C. 193)— (A) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (b) the 
following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF PROGRAM .—The Sec-
retary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall use the program established under subsection (a) to— 
‘‘(1) enhance the cooperation between com-
ponents and offices of the Department on projects that have similar goals, timelines, or outcomes; 
‘‘(2) ensure the coordination of tech-
nologies to eliminate unnecessary duplica-tion of research and development; 
‘‘(3) ensure technologies are accessible for 
component and office use on a Department website; and 
‘‘(4) carry out any additional purpose the 
Secretary determines necessary.’’; 
(11) by adding after section 317 (6 U.S.C. 
195c) the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 318. IDENTIFICATION AND PRIORITIZATION 
OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall establish a process to de-fine, identify, prioritize, fund, and task the 
basic and applied homeland security re-search and development activities of the Di-rectorate of Science and Technology to meet the needs of the components and offices of the Department, the first responder commu-nity, and the Homeland Security Enterprise (as such term is defined in section 322). 
‘‘(b) P
ROCESS .—The process established 
under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) be responsive to near-, mid-, and long- 
term needs, including unanticipated needs to address emerging terrorist threats; 
‘‘(2) utilize gap analysis and risk assess-
ment tools where available and applicable; 
‘‘(3) include protocols to assess— ‘‘(A) off-the-shelf technology to determine 
if an identified homeland security capability gap or threat to the homeland can be ad-dressed through the acquisition process in-stead of commencing research and develop-ment of technology to address such capa-bility gap or threat; and 
‘‘(B) communication and collaboration for 
research and development activities pursued by other executive agencies, to determine if technology can be leveraged to identify and address homeland security capability gaps or threats to the homeland and avoid unneces-sary duplication of efforts; 
‘‘(4) provide for documented and validated 
research and development requirements; 
‘‘(5) strengthen first responder participa-
tion to identify and prioritize homeland se-curity technological gaps, including by— 
‘‘(A) soliciting feedback from appropriate 
national associations and advisory groups representing the first responder community and first responders within the components and offices of the Department; and 
‘‘(B) establishing and promoting a publicly 
accessible portal to allow the first responder community to help the Directorate of Science and Technology develop homeland security research and development goals; 
‘‘(6) institute a mechanism to publicize the 
Department’s homeland security technology priorities for the purpose of informing Fed-eral, State, and local governments, first re-sponders, and the private sector; 
‘‘(7) establish considerations to be used by 
the Directorate in selecting appropriate re-search entities, including the national lab-oratories, federally funded research and de-velopment centers, university-based centers, and the private sector, to carry out research and development requirements; 
‘‘(8) incorporate feedback derived as a re-
sult of the mechanism established in section 323, ensuring the Directorate is utilizing reg-ular communication with components and offices of the Department; and 
‘‘(9) include any other criteria or measures 
the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology considers necessary for the identi-fication and prioritization of research re-quirements. 
‘‘SEC. 319. DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORATE 
STRATEGY AND RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PLAN. 
‘‘(a) S TRATEGY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall develop and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a strat-egy to guide the activities of the Directorate of Science and Technology. Such strategy shall be updated at least once every five years and shall identify priorities and objec-tives for the development of science and technology solutions and capabilities ad-dressing homeland security operational needs. Such strategy shall include the co-ordination of such priorities and activities 
within the Department. Such strategy shall take into account the priorities and needs of stakeholders in the Homeland Security En-terprise (as such term is defined in section 322). In developing such strategy, efforts shall be made to support collaboration and avoid unnecessary duplication across the Federal Government. Such strategy shall be risk-based and aligned with other strategic guidance provided by— 
‘‘(A) the National Strategy for Homeland 
Security; 
‘‘(B) the Quadrennial Homeland Security 
Review; and 
‘‘(C) any other relevant strategic planning 
documents, as determined by the Under Sec-retary. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The strategy required 
under paragraph (1) shall be prepared in ac-cordance with applicable Federal require-ments and guidelines, and shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) An identification of the long-term 
strategic goals, objectives, and metrics of the Directorate, including those to address terrorist threats. 
‘‘(B) A technology transition strategy for 
the programs of the Directorate. 
‘‘(C) Short- and long-term strategic goals, 
and objectives for increasing the number of designations and certificates issued under subtitle G of title VIII, including cybersecu-rity technologies that could significantly re-duce, or mitigate the effects of, cybersecu-rity risks (as such term is defined in sub-section (a)(1) of the second section 226, relat-ing to the national cybersecurity and com-munications integration center), without compromising the quality of the evaluation of applications for such designations and cer-tificates. 
‘‘(b) F
IVE-YEAR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall develop, and update at least once every five years, a five- year research and development plan for the activities of the Directorate of Science and Technology. The Under Secretary shall de-velop the first such plan by the date that is not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each five-year research 
and development plan developed and revised under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(A) define the Directorate of Science and 
Technology’s research, development, testing, and evaluation activities, priorities, per-formance metrics, and key milestones and deliverables for, as the case may be, the five- fiscal-year period from 2016 through 2020, and for each five-fiscal-year period thereafter; 
‘‘(B) describe, for the activities of the 
strategy developed under subsection (a), the planned annual funding levels for the period covered by each such five-year research and development plan; 
‘‘(C) indicate joint investments with other 
Federal partners where applicable, and en-hanced coordination, as appropriate, with or-ganizations as specified in paragraph (19) of section 302; 
‘‘(D) analyze how the research programs of 
the Directorate support achievement of the strategic goals and objectives identified in the strategy required under subsection (a); 
‘‘(E) describe how the activities and pro-
grams of the Directorate meet the require-ments or homeland security capability gaps or threats to the homeland identified by cus-tomers within and outside of the Depart-ment, including the first responder commu-nity; and 
‘‘(F) describe the policies of the Direc-
torate regarding the management, organiza-tion, and personnel of the Directorate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.015 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9251 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(3) S COPE.—The Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall ensure that each five-year research and development plan developed and revised under subsection (a)— 
‘‘(A) reflects input from a wide range of 
stakeholders; and 
‘‘(B) takes into account how research and 
development by other Federal, State, private sector, and nonprofit institutions contrib-utes to the achievement of the priorities identified in each plan, and avoids unneces-sary duplication with such efforts. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .—The Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an an-nual report for seven years beginning not later than one year after the date of the de-velopment of the initial five-year research and development plan under paragraph (1) on the status and results to date of the imple-mentation of such plan and the updates to such plan, including— 
‘‘(A) a summary of the research and devel-
opment activities for the previous fiscal year in each mission area, including such activi-ties to address homeland security risks, in-cluding threats, vulnerabilities, and con-sequences, and a summary of the coordina-tion activities undertaken by the Direc-torate of Science and Technology for compo-nents and offices of the Department, to-gether with the results of the process speci-fied in paragraph (15) of section 302; 
‘‘(B) clear links between the Directorate’s 
budget and each mission area or program, in-cluding those mission areas or programs to address homeland security risks, including threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences, specifying which mission areas or programs fall under which budget lines, and clear links between Directorate coordination work and priorities and annual expenditures for such work and priorities, including joint invest-ments with other Federal partners, where applicable; 
‘‘(C) an assessment of progress of the re-
search and development activities based on the performance metrics and milestones set forth in such plan; and 
‘‘(D) any changes to such plan. 
‘‘SEC. 320. MONITORING OF PROGRESS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall establish and utilize a system to track the progress of the research, development, testing, and evalua-tion activities undertaken by the Direc-torate of Science and Technology, and shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and customers of such activities, at a min-imum on a biannual basis, regular updates on such progress. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In order to provide 
the progress updates required under sub-section (a), the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall develop a system that— 
‘‘(1) monitors progress toward project mile-
stones identified by the Under Secretary; 
‘‘(2) maps progress toward deliverables 
identified in each five-year research and de-velopment plan required under section 319(b); 
‘‘(3) generates up-to-date reports to cus-
tomers that transparently disclose the sta-tus and progress of research, development, testing, and evaluation efforts of the Direc-torate of Science and Technology; and 
‘‘(4) allows the Under Secretary to report 
the number of products and services devel-oped by the Directorate that have been 
transitioned into acquisition programs and resulted in successfully fielded technologies. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION METHODS .— 
‘‘(1) E XTERNAL INPUT , CONSULTATION , AND 
REVIEW .—The Under Secretary for Science 
and Technology shall implement procedures to engage outside experts to assist in the evaluation of the progress of research, devel-opment, testing, and evaluation activities of the Directorate of Science and Technology, including through— 
‘‘(A) consultation with experts, including 
scientists and practitioners, to gather inde-pendent expert peer opinion and advice on a project or on specific issues or analyses con-ducted by the Directorate; and 
‘‘(B) periodic, independent, external review 
to assess the quality and relevance of the Di-rectorate’s programs and projects. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPONENT FEEDBACK .—The Under 
Secretary for Science and Technology shall establish a formal process to collect feed-back from customers of the Directorate of Science and Technology on the performance of the Directorate that includes— 
‘‘(A) appropriate methodologies through 
which the Directorate can assess the quality and usefulness of technology and services de-livered by the Directorate; 
‘‘(B) development of metrics for measuring 
the usefulness of any technology or service provided by the Directorate; and 
‘‘(C) standards for high-quality customer 
service. 
‘‘SEC. 321. HOMELAND SECURITY SCIENCE AND 
TECHNOLOGY FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, act-
ing through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and the Under Secretary for Management, shall establish a fellows pro-gram, to be known as the Homeland Security Science and Technology Fellows Program (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’), under which the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, in coordination with the Of-fice of University Programs of the Depart-ment, shall facilitate the placement of fel-lows in relevant scientific or technological fields for up to two years in components and offices of the Department with a need for sci-entific and technological expertise. 
‘‘(b) U
TILIZATION OF FELLOWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Under the Program, the 
Department may employ fellows— 
‘‘(A) for the use of the Directorate of 
Science and Technology; or 
‘‘(B) for the use of a component or office of 
the Department outside the Directorate, under a memorandum of agreement with the head of such a component or office under which such component or office will reim-burse the Directorate for the costs of such employment. 
‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Under an agree-
ment referred to in subparagraph (B) of para-graph (1)— 
‘‘(A) the Under Secretary for Science and 
Technology and the Under Secretary for Management shall— 
‘‘(i) solicit and accept applications from in-
dividuals who are currently enrolled in or who are graduates of postgraduate programs in scientific and engineering fields related to the promotion of securing the homeland or critical infrastructure sectors; 
‘‘(ii) screen applicants and interview them 
as appropriate to ensure that such applicants possess the appropriate level of scientific and engineering expertise and qualifications; 
‘‘(iii) provide a list of qualified applicants 
to the heads of components and offices of the Department seeking to utilize qualified fel-lows; 
‘‘(iv) subject to the availability of appro-
priations, pay financial compensation to such fellows; ‘‘(v) coordinate with the Chief Security Of-
ficer to facilitate and expedite provision of security and suitability clearances to such fellows, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(vi) otherwise administer all aspects of 
the employment of such fellows with the De-partment; and 
‘‘(B) the head of the component or office of 
the Department utilizing a fellow shall— 
‘‘(i) select such fellow from the list of 
qualified applicants provided by the Under Secretary; 
‘‘(ii) reimburse the Under Secretary for the 
costs of employing such fellow, including ad-ministrative costs; and 
‘‘(iii) be responsible for the day-to-day 
management of such fellow. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS FROM NONPROFIT ORGA-
NIZATIONS .—The Under Secretary for Science 
and Technology may accept an application under subsection (b)(2)(A) that is submitted by a nonprofit organization on behalf of indi-viduals whom such nonprofit organization has determined may be qualified applicants under the Program. 
‘‘SEC. 322. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall support re-search, development, testing, evaluation, and transition of cybersecurity technology, including fundamental research to improve the sharing of information, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, consistent with current law. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The research and devel-
opment supported under subsection (a) shall serve the components of the Department and shall— 
‘‘(1) advance the development and accel-
erate the deployment of more secure infor-mation systems; 
‘‘(2) improve and create technologies for 
detecting attacks or intrusions, including real-time continuous diagnostics and real- time analytic technologies; 
‘‘(3) improve and create mitigation and re-
covery methodologies, including techniques and policies for real-time containment of at-tacks, and development of resilient networks and information systems; 
‘‘(4) support, in coordination with the pri-
vate sector, the review of source code that underpins critical infrastructure informa-tion systems; 
‘‘(5) develop and support infrastructure and 
tools to support cybersecurity research and development efforts, including modeling, testbeds, and data sets for assessment of new cybersecurity technologies; 
‘‘(6) assist the development and support of 
technologies to reduce vulnerabilities in in-dustrial control systems; and 
‘‘(7) develop and support cyber forensics 
and attack attribution. 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this 
section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall coordinate activities with— 
‘‘(1) the Under Secretary appointed pursu-
ant to section 103(a)(1)(H); 
‘‘(2) the heads of other relevant Federal de-
partments and agencies, including the Na-tional Science Foundation, the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency, the Infor-mation Assurance Directorate of the Na-tional Security Agency, the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology, the De-partment of Commerce, the Networking and Information Technology Research and Devel-opment Program Office, Sector Specific Agencies for critical infrastructure, and other appropriate working groups estab-lished by the President to identify unmet needs and cooperatively support activities, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(3) industry and academia. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSITION TO PRACTICE .—The Under 
Secretary for Science and Technology shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.015 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9252 December 10, 2015 
support projects through the full life cycle of 
such projects, including research, develop-ment, testing, evaluation, pilots, and transi-tions. The Under Secretary shall identify mature technologies that address existing or imminent cybersecurity gaps in public or private information systems and networks of information systems, identify and support necessary improvements identified during pilot programs and testing and evaluation activities, and introduce new cybersecurity technologies throughout the Homeland Secu-rity Enterprise through partnerships and commercialization. The Under Secretary shall target federally funded cybersecurity research that demonstrates a high prob-ability of successful transition to the com-mercial market within two years and that is expected to have notable impact on the cy-bersecurity of the information systems or networks of information systems of the United States. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-
bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given such term in the second section 226, relating to the national cybersecurity and communica-tions integration center. 
‘‘(2) H
OMELAND SECURITY ENTERPRISE .—The 
term ‘Homeland Security Enterprise’ means relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in homeland security, in-cluding Federal, State, local, and tribal gov-ernment officials, private sector representa-tives, academics, and other policy experts. 
‘‘(3) I
NCIDENT .—The term ‘incident’ has the 
meaning given such term in the second sec-tion 226, relating to the national cybersecu-rity and communications integration center. 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘in-
formation system’ has the meaning given that term in section 3502(8) of title 44, United States Code. 
‘‘SEC. 323. INTEGRATED PRODUCT TEAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish integrated product teams to serve as a central mechanism for the Department to identify, coordinate, and align research and development efforts with departmental mis-sions. Each team shall be managed by the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and the relevant senior leadership of oper-ational components, and shall be responsible for the following: 
‘‘(1) Identifying and prioritizing homeland 
security capability gaps or threats to the homeland within a specific mission area and technological solutions to address such gaps. 
‘‘(2) Identifying ongoing departmental re-
search and development activities and com-ponent acquisitions of technologies that are outside of departmental research and devel-opment activities to address a specific mis-sion area. 
‘‘(3) Assessing the appropriateness of a 
technology to address a specific mission area. 
‘‘(4) Identifying unnecessary redundancy in 
departmental research and development ac-tivities within a specific mission area. 
‘‘(5) Informing the Secretary and the an-
nual budget process regarding whether cer-tain technological solutions are able to ad-dress homeland security capability gaps or threats to the homeland within a specific mission area. 
‘‘(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—Not later 
than two years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate informa-tion on the impact and effectiveness of the mechanism described in subsection (a) on re-search and development efforts, component relationships, and how the process has in-
formed the research and development budget and enhanced decision making, including ac-quisition decision making, at the Depart-ment. The Secretary shall seek feedback from the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, Under Secretary for Manage-ment, and the senior leadership of oper-ational components regarding the impact and effectiveness of such mechanism and in-clude such feedback in the information pro-vided under this subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 324. HOMELAND SECURITY-STEM SUMMER 
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall establish a Homeland Security-STEM internship pro-gram (in this section referred to as the ‘pro-gram’) to carry out the objectives of this subtitle. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM .—The program shall provide 
students with exposure to Department mis-sion-relevant research areas, including threats to the homeland, to encourage such students to pursue STEM careers in home-land security related fields. Internships of-fered under the program shall be for up to ten weeks during the summer. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall develop cri-teria for participation in the program, in-cluding the following: 
‘‘(1) At the time of application, an intern 
shall— 
‘‘(A) have successfully completed not less 
than one academic year of study at an insti-tution of higher education in a STEM field; 
‘‘(B) be enrolled in a course of study in a 
STEM field at an institution of higher edu-cation; and 
‘‘(C) plan to continue such course of study 
or pursue an additional course of study in a STEM field at an institution of higher edu-cation in the academic year following the in-ternship. 
‘‘(2) An intern shall be pursuing career 
goals aligned with the Department’s mission, goals, and objectives. 
‘‘(3) Any other criteria the Under Sec-
retary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATION .—The program shall be 
administered in cooperation with the univer-sity-based centers for homeland security under section 308. Interns in the program shall be provided hands-on research experi-ence and enrichment activities focused on Department research areas. 
‘‘(e) A
CADEMIC REQUIREMENTS ; O PER-
ATION .—The Under Secretary for Science and 
Technology shall determine the academic re-quirements, other selection criteria, and standards for successful completion of each internship period in the program. The Under Secretary shall be responsible for the design, implementation, and operation of the pro-gram. 
‘‘(f) R
ESEARCH MENTORS .—The Under Sec-
retary for Science and Technology shall en-sure that each intern in the program is as-signed a research mentor to act as counselor and advisor and provide career-focused ad-vice. 
‘‘(g) O
UTREACH TO CERTAIN UNDER -REP-
RESENTED STUDENTS .—The Under Secretary 
for Science and Technology shall conduct outreach to students who are members of groups under-represented in STEM careers to encourage their participation in the pro-gram. 
‘‘(h) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘institution 
of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), except that the term does not include institutions de-scribed in subparagraph (C) of such section 102(a)(1).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this section. 
(c) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 317 the fol-lowing new items: 
‘‘Sec. 318. Identification and prioritization 
of research and development. 
‘‘Sec. 319. Development of Directorate strat-
egy and research and develop-ment plan. 
‘‘Sec. 320. Monitoring of progress. ‘‘Sec. 321. Homeland Security Science and 
Technology Fellows Program. 
‘‘Sec. 322. Cybersecurity research and devel-
opment. 
‘‘Sec. 323. Integrated product teams. ‘‘Sec. 324. Homeland Security-STEM sum-
mer internship program.’’. 
(d) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .—Section 831 of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking the last 
sentence; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) P
RIOR APPROVAL .—In any case in 
which a component or office of the Depart-ment seeks to utilize the authority under this section, such office or component shall first receive prior approval from the Sec-retary by providing to the Secretary a pro-posal that includes the rationale for the use of such authority, the funds to be spent on the use of such authority, and the expected outcome for each project that is the subject of the use of such authority. In such a case, the authority for evaluating the proposal may not be delegated by the Secretary to anyone other than the Under Secretary for Management.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report detailing the projects for which the authority granted by subsection (a) was used, the rationale for such use, the funds spent using such authority, the extent of cost-sharing for such projects among Fed-eral and non-federal sources, the extent to which use of such authority has addressed a homeland security capability gap or threat to the homeland identified by the Depart-ment, the total amount of payments, if any, that were received by the Federal Govern-ment as a result of the use of such authority during the period covered by each such re-port, the outcome of each project for which such authority was used, and the results of any audits of such projects.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(e) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a training program for acquisitions staff in the use of other transaction author-ity to help ensure the appropriate use of such authority. 
‘‘(f) O
THER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘other 
transaction authority’ means authority under subsection (a).’’. 
(e) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION .—Paragraph 
(2) of subsection (a) of the second section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.015 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9253 December 10, 2015 
U.S.C. 148; relating to the national cyberse-
curity and communications integration cen-ter) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) I
NCIDENT .—The term ‘incident’ means 
an occurrence that actually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful authority, the in-tegrity, confidentiality, or availability of in-formation on an information system, or ac-tually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful authority, an information system.’’. 
(f) GAO S
TUDY OF UNIVERSITY -BASED CEN-
TERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study to assess the univer-sity-based centers for homeland security pro-gram authorized by section 308(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 188(b)(2)), and provide recommendations to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate for ap-propriate improvements. 
(2) S
UBJECT MATTERS .—The study required 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A review of the Department of Home-
land Security’s efforts to identify key areas of study needed to support the homeland se-curity mission, and criteria that the Depart-ment utilized to determine those key areas for which the Department should maintain, establish, or eliminate university-based cen-ters. 
(B) A review of the method by which uni-
versity-based centers, federally funded re-search and development centers, and Depart-ment of Energy national laboratories receive tasking from the Department of Homeland Security, including a review of how univer-sity-based research is identified, prioritized, and funded. 
(C) A review of selection criteria for desig-
nating university-based centers and a weighting of such criteria. 
(D) An examination of best practices from 
other agencies’ efforts to organize and use university-based research to support their missions. 
(E) A review of the Department of Home-
land Security’s criteria and metrics to meas-ure demonstrable progress achieved by uni-versity-based centers in fulfilling Depart-ment taskings, and mechanisms for deliv-ering and disseminating the research results of designated university-based centers with-in the Department and to other Federal, State, and local agencies. 
(F) An examination of the means by which 
academic institutions that are not des-ignated or associated with the designated university-based centers can optimally con-tribute to the research mission of the Direc-torate of Science and Technology of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
(G) An assessment of the interrelationship 
between the different university-based cen-ters and the degree to which outreach and collaboration among a diverse array of aca-demic institutions is encouraged by the De-partment of Homeland Security, particularly with historically Black colleges and univer-sities and minority-serving institutions. 
(H) A review of any other essential ele-
ments of the programs determined in the conduct of the study. 
(g) P
RIZE AUTHORITY .—The Under Sec-
retary for Science and Technology of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall utilize, as appropriate, prize authority granted pur-suant to current law. 
(h) P
ROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING .—No 
funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section. Such section and amendments shall be carried out using 
amounts otherwise appropriated or made available for such purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3578, the DHS 
Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, makes tar-geted adjustments and strategic im-provements to the ways in which the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Technology Directorate, or DHS S&T, carries out its responsibility to conduct research and development. These strategic improvements will strengthen the Directorate and address some of its well-documented chal-lenges. 
DHS S&T monitors the Nation’s 
evolving threats and makes use of technological advancements to develop and deliver solutions to meet the crit-ical needs of the DHS components. 
The legislation we are considering 
today provides a clear mission state-ment for the Directorate and it codifies S&T’s portfolio review process. This process engages key leadership and stakeholders to ensure that research and development meets the Directorate and Department goals. 
Amendments considered at both the 
subcommittee and full committee fur-ther strengthen this legislation, in-cluding Mr. R
ICHMOND ’s amendment to 
codify integrated product teams, a mechanism that will support the Direc-torate’s ability to identify, coordinate, and align research and development ef-forts with departmental missions. 
H.R. 3578 also ensures that the Direc-
torate identifies technical capability requirements and creates solutions with researchers and the private sec-tor. It also bolsters S&T’s role as coor-dinator of research and development across the Department. 
This bill requires additional trans-
parency by requiring S&T to link its budget with mission areas and pro-grams. 
Cybersecurity research and develop-
ment is essential to support DHS’ ef-forts to secure the dot-gov domain. The seriousness of this mission received heightened awareness after the OPM breach compromised the highly sen-sitive and personal information of over 20 million Americans. H.R. 3578 bolsters S&T’s cybersecu-
rity research and development by en-suring sector specific agencies for crit-ical infrastructure are included in the coordination of cybersecurity research and development and by codifying the Transition to Practice program to sup-port the lifecycle of cyber projects, in-cluding research, development, testing, evaluation, and transition. 
S&T is the primary research arm of 
the Department, managing the basic and applied research and development of science and technology for DHS’ operational components. S&T’s work includes supporting research and devel-opment for technologies to benefit first responders, the Nation’s border and maritime security, cybersecurity, and chemical and biological defenses. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the gentleman from Texas, Chairman S
MITH, of the Science, Space, and Tech-
nology Committee for his support in moving this legislation forward. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation would 
strengthen the important role and work of the Directorate to meet both the scientific and technological secu-rity needs of our Nation. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, December 4, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 3578, the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015,’’ which your Committee ordered re-ported on September 30, 2015. 
H.R. 3578 contains provisions within the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. However, in consideration of your request to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego formal consideration of H.R. 3578. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I appreciate that the Committee on Home-
land Security has consulted with the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology and the two Committees have reached agree-ment on the final text of H.R. 3578. I under-stand you acknowledge the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s jurisdic-tion over the legislation and that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security agrees to work with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to develop and enact an addi-tional homeland security research and devel-opment measure early in 2016. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.015 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9254 December 10, 2015 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, December 4, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 3578, the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’ I acknowledge that by forgoing action on this legislation your Committee is not diminishing or altering its jurisdiction. 
I also concur with you that forgoing action 
on this bill does not in any way prejudice the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology with respect to its jurisdictional pre-rogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. Furthermore, I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation. 
In addition, I agree that the Committee on 
Homeland Security will continue to work with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to develop additional legislation addressing homeland security research and development in early 2016. 
I will include copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of 
this measure on the House floor. I appreciate your cooperation regarding HR. 3578, and I 
look forward to working with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, 
Committee on Homeland Security. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise to support H.R. 3578, the De-
partment of Homeland Security Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015. 
First, I want to say to the gentleman 
from Texas, thank you so very much for your leadership. Again, we have a great opportunity working together, along with your ranking member, Mr. R
ICHMOND , and the chairman of the full 
committee, Mr. M CCAUL, and, as well, 
Mr. T HOMPSON . I believe we are con-
tinuously building blocks of security for the American people. 
Research and development is a key 
component of the Department of Home-land Security’s mission to make Amer-ica more secure and better able to pre-vent, respond to, and recover from nat-ural disasters and terrorist acts. 
In the constantly evolving threat 
landscape, technology-based force mul-tipliers are essential for managing our borders, safeguarding cyberspace, and making sure we are resilient in the face of disasters. 
H.R. 3578 will improve the way the 
Science and Technology Directorate serves its customers within the Depart-ment in the first responder community in three ways. 
Before I say that, let me indicate to 
the chairman, we understand that we are looking at generational gaps. Ter-rorists are young. People who wish to undermine the landscape of cybersecu-rity can use, if I might say, these young minds, these technocrats, to do things that we may have never heard of, so our system must be resilient. First, this bill requires S&T to en-
gage in strategic planning and priority- setting exercises that will assist Con-gress in measuring the management ef-fectiveness and utility of the research and technologies it funds. This kind of self-assessment will make S&T a more effective partner to its customers and will help make its program more effi-cient. 
Second, H.R. 3578 directs S&T to 
evaluate its university programs and collaborative agreements and assess its efforts to broaden outreach to diverse institutions, which may have a unique expertise to add to S&T’s ongoing work. 
Given the current fiscal challenges, 
it is critical that we maximize the way we leverage the capabilities of knowl-edge-rich universities, and this provi-sion will help S&T do just that. In fact, I believe that the universities are our richest source of talent, and not only for the researchers and the professors, but certainly the students who are young, who are there to do good, of whom we can utilize both their talents, their approach, and their intellect. 
Finally, the bill encourages carefully 
targeted venture capital investments in the homeland security enterprise that can accelerate product develop-ment and add mission critical capabili-ties quickly and efficiently. 
These targeted investments will help 
put better technologies into the hands of DHS boots-on-the-ground State and local first responders soon. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3578 codifies exist-
ing practices at S&T that are working and will make S&T a stronger, more reliable partner in the homeland secu-rity mission. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this important bipartisan legislation, and, as well, I continue to look forward to working with this subcommittee, among others, to begin to look at the cyber space and the cybersecurity in-frastructure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), my friend and col-
league. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my friend and colleague from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) for his work on 
this legislation, for his earlier generous 
comments, and for yielding me time as well. I also want to thank both him and the gentleman from Texas, M
I-
CHAEL MCCAUL, the full committee 
chairman, for their work on this legis-lation. 
The Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology shares jurisdiction with the Homeland Security Com-mittee over the research and develop-ment programs carried out by the De-partment of Homeland Security. In the case of this bill, H.R. 3578, it is the R&D of the Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Di-rectorate, which was established by legislation that originated in the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. The Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology, likewise, shares juris-diction of the bill we just considered, H.R. 3875. That bill will assess and plan DHS research and development of chemical, biological, radiological, nu-clear, and explosives defenses. 
Next year, the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology ex-pects to continue to advance science and technology efforts to counter ter-rorist threats to the homeland. 
In anticipation of today’s legislation, 
our committee exercised its jurisdic-tion by holding two hearings. In Sep-tember of 2014, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Re-search and Technology Subcommittee held a joint DHS S&T Directorate over-sight hearing with Homeland Secu-rity’s Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies Subcommittee. 
The hearing focused on a series of 
Government Accountability Office re-views that found serious problems with management and coordination of R&D within the Department of Homeland Security. This includes fragmented and overlapping R&D programs and mil-lions of taxpayer dollars spent on du-plicative R&D projects. 
The GAO recommended that the S&T 
Directorate develop stricter policies and guidance to help define, oversee, coordinate, and track R&D across the Department of Homeland Security. 
The Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology conducted a follow-up oversight hearing on October 27 of this year. At that hearing, Under Secretary Brothers described the progress made in its implementation of the GAO’s rec-ommendations and updated us on the S&T Directorate’s initiatives to help DHS meet the full spectrum of threats. 
The legislation before the House 
today reflects the work of the members of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Homeland Security to help the S&T Di-rectorate meet a broad range of home-land security challenges by stretching the technological envelope. 
The bill establishes a clear mission 
for the Directorate, updates its respon-sibilities, and requires strategy and R&D plans to prioritize addressing 
homeland threats. It also authorizes targeted cybersecurity R&D projects and creates new S&T integrated prod-uct teams to develop technological so-lutions to meet the Department’s mis-sion areas and address threats to the homeland. 
Last week’s horrifying terrorist at-
tack in San Bernardino, California, just days after a terrorist attack in Paris, reminds us that this legislation is ultimately about defending the American people and our country from terrorists. 
Again, I thank Chairman M
CCAULfor 
taking the initiative with this critical legislation, and I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) as well. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.020 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9255 December 10, 2015 
In order to meet the needs of those 
on the front line of homeland security activities from Customs and Border Protection and the Transportation Se-curity to local first responders, the Science and Technology Directorate must rapidly develop and deliver inno-vative solutions that advance DHS’ mission. 
I am convinced that the whole mat-
ter of cyber technology are the new frontier of terrorism and that this De-partment must be, as it has been, very well prepared with human personnel being on the front lines of the first re-sponders, and must give them extra tools through S&T to help to further the mission of the security of this Na-tion. It is a complex and difficult mis-sion. 
H.R. 3578 puts S&T on a pathway to 
making smarter and quicker R&D in-vestment in technology and tools that help our first responders do their jobs better and more effectively. 
With that, I ask my colleagues to 
support H.R. 3578, and I thank the pro-ponent of this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I thank the gentlewoman for her sup-
port and leadership in connection with this bill. I would also like to thank Chairman M
CCAULand Ranking Mem-
ber T HOMPSON for their leadership in 
moving this important bill forward. 
Mr. Speaker, threats in technologies 
are always changing. This bill will help DHS S&T find strategic and focused technology options and innovative so-lutions to address homeland security capability gaps and threats to our homeland. 
I, once again, urge all of my col-
leagues to support H.R. 3578, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3578, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1600 
STATE AND LOCAL CYBER 
PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3869) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require State and local coordination on cybersecu-rity with the national cybersecurity and communications integration cen-ter, and for other purposes, as amend-
ed. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3869 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State and 
Local Cyber Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. STATE AND LOCAL COORDINATION ON CY-
BERSECURITY WITH THE NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY AND COMMUNICA-TIONS INTEGRATION CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The second section 226 of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148; relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) S
TATE AND LOCAL COORDINATION ON CY-
BERSECURITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Center shall, to the 
extent practicable— 
‘‘(A) assist State and local governments, 
upon request, in identifying information sys-tem vulnerabilities; 
‘‘(B) assist State and local governments, 
upon request, in identifying information se-curity protections commensurate with cy-bersecurity risks and the magnitude of the potential harm resulting from the unauthor-ized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modi-fication, or destruction of— 
‘‘(i) information collected or maintained 
by or on behalf of a State or local govern-ment; or 
‘‘(ii) information systems used or operated 
by an agency or by a contractor of a State or local government or other organization on behalf of a State or local government; 
‘‘(C) in consultation with State and local 
governments, provide and periodically up-date via a web portal tools, products, re-sources, policies, guidelines, and procedures related to information security; 
‘‘(D) work with senior State and local gov-
ernment officials, including State and local Chief Information Officers, through national associations to coordinate a nationwide ef-fort to ensure effective implementation of tools, products, resources, policies, guide-lines, and procedures related to information security to secure and ensure the resiliency of State and local information systems; 
‘‘(E) provide, upon request, operational and 
technical cybersecurity training to State and local government and fusion center ana-lysts and operators to address cybersecurity risks or incidents; 
‘‘(F) provide, in coordination with the 
Chief Privacy Officer and the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the De-partment, privacy and civil liberties training to State and local governments related to cybersecurity; 
‘‘(G) provide, upon request, operational and 
technical assistance to State and local gov-ernments to implement tools, products, re-sources, policies, guidelines, and procedures on information security by— 
‘‘(i) deploying technology to assist such 
State or local government to continuously diagnose and mitigate against cyber threats and vulnerabilities, with or without reim-bursement; 
‘‘(ii) compiling and analyzing data on 
State and local information security; and 
‘‘(iii) developing and conducting targeted 
operational evaluations, including threat and vulnerability assessments, on the infor-mation systems of State and local govern-ments; 
‘‘(H) assist State and local governments to 
develop policies and procedures for coordi-nating vulnerability disclosures, to the ex-tent practicable, consistent with inter-
national and national standards in the infor-mation technology industry, including standards developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology; and 
‘‘(I) ensure that State and local govern-
ments, as appropriate, are made aware of the tools, products, resources, policies, guide-lines, and procedures on information secu-rity developed by the Department and other appropriate Federal departments and agen-cies for ensuring the security and resiliency of Federal civilian information systems. 
‘‘(2) T
RAINING .—Privacy and civil liberties 
training provided pursuant to subparagraph (F) of paragraph (1) shall include processes, methods, and information that— 
‘‘(A) are consistent with the Department’s 
Fair Information Practice Principles devel-oped pursuant to section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’ or the ‘Privacy Act’); 
‘‘(B) reasonably limit, to the greatest ex-
tent practicable, the receipt, retention, use, and disclosure of information related to cy-bersecurity risks and incidents associated with specific persons that is not necessary, for cybersecurity purposes, to protect an in-formation system or network of information systems from cybersecurity risks or to miti-gate cybersecurity risks and incidents in a timely manner; 
‘‘(C) minimize any impact on privacy and 
civil liberties; 
‘‘(D) provide data integrity through the 
prompt removal and destruction of obsolete or erroneous names and personal informa-tion that is unrelated to the cybersecurity risk or incident information shared and re-tained by the Center in accordance with this section; 
‘‘(E) include requirements to safeguard 
cyber threat indicators and defensive meas-ures retained by the Center, including infor-mation that is proprietary or business-sen-sitive that may be used to identify specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisi-tion; 
‘‘(F) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures as-sociated with specific persons to the greatest extent practicable; and 
‘‘(G) ensure all relevant constitutional, 
legal, and privacy protections are ob-served.’’. 
(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—Not later 
than two years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the national cybersecurity and communications integration center of the Department of Homeland Security shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate informa-tion on the activities and effectiveness of such activities under subsection (g) of the second section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148; relating to the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center), as added by subsection (a) of this section, on State and local informa-tion security. The center shall seek feedback from State and local governments regarding the effectiveness of such activities and in-clude such feedback in the information re-quired to be provided under this subsection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.039 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9256 December 10, 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The need to address cybersecurity at 
the State and local levels is of the ut-most importance. From our local DMV offices and courthouses to our critical infrastructure, the exploitable vulnera-bilities and possible consequences are alarming. 
Yet, in the cybersecurity realm, 
State and local governments often do not have access to the technical capa-bilities and training that the Federal Government does. 
My bill, H.R. 3869, the State and 
Local Cyber Protection Act, is a crit-ical step in the resolution of this prob-lem. 
In 2010, the National Governors Asso-
ciation released a statement on the im-portance of cybersecurity in protecting the ability of Federal, State, and local governments to perform their vital functions. 
They stated: ‘‘Due to the breadth and scope of the 
State role in entitlement services, fa-cilitating travel and commerce, regu-latory oversight, licensing and citizen services, states gather, process, store, and share extensive amounts of per-sonal information. From cradle to grave, the states are the nexus of iden-tity information for individuals. This makes the states prime targets for ex-ternal and internal cyber threats.’’ 
Cybersecurity is a shared responsi-
bility involving all levels of govern-ment and the private sector. While much has been done over the last sev-eral years to improve the Nation’s cy-bersecurity, a number of challenges re-main. This bill would allow State and local governments access to the assist-ance, training, and tools, voluntarily and upon request, that are required to secure our Nation’s information sys-tems at every level. 
This bill instructs the National Cy-
bersecurity and Communications Inte-gration Center, the NCCIC, at the De-partment of Homeland Security to co-ordinate with States and locals on se-curing their information systems. 
The NCCIC will do so by assisting in 
the identification of system vulnerabil-ities and possible solutions for State and local information security sys-tems. 
They will be developing a Web portal 
to communicate available tools for States and locals, providing technical training for State and local cybersecu-rity analysts, providing assistance and implementing cybersecurity tools upon request, providing privacy and civil lib-
erties training, and informing States and locals on the current cybersecurity guidelines already developed at the Federal level. 
Lastly, the State and Local Cyber 
Protection Act would require the NCCIC to seek feedback from State and local governments once the law is im-plemented and voluntary assistance has begun in order to gauge the effec-tiveness of these efforts and to ensure that progress is being made. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has a substantial responsibility to States and locals in the cyber realm as State and local systems host a wide range of sensitive PII and critical in-frastructure data, making them espe-cially attractive for cyberattacks. By reinforcing the relationship between DHS and State and local governments, we are supporting and urging for the continued development of cyber protec-tion for our State and local govern-ments. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3869, the 
State and Local Cyber Protection Act of 2015. 
Let me first of all thank the gen-
tleman from Texas for his leadership in working on this legislation, to again acknowledge our chairs—Mr. M
CCAUL 
and Mr. T HOMPSON —and also to ac-
knowledge Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. 
RICHMOND for their leadership on this 
issue. 
Mr. Speaker, the threat of the cyber 
attack is growing, and the damage caused by those attacks, whether it is the theft of personally identifiable in-formation or the disruption of oper-ations, is becoming more costly. 
FEMA has identified cybersecurity as 
an area for national improvement in its National Preparedness Report every year since it was first published in 2012. That finding is based, in large part, on State self-assessments reflecting a lack of confidence in cybersecurity capabili-ties. The threat posed by criminal and terrorist hackers continues to evolve even as State and local governments work to gain a stronger footing in the cybersecurity mission area. 
Let me say that this country con-
tinues to grow, continues to increase its population, and continues to be-come dependent on the cybersecurity infrastructure. Helping to engage State and local entities by training is a cru-cial, crucial action, if I might applaud the gentleman, but also say it is a very important mission for both the Home-land Security Department and the Committee on Homeland Security. The Department of Homeland Security has resources and capabilities that, when shared with State and local govern-ments, can help them step up their games. H.R. 3869, the State and Local Cyber 
Protection Act of 2015, would codify on-going efforts by instructing the Na-tional Cybersecurity and Communica-tions Integration Center, the NCCIC, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to coordinate with State and local governments and to, upon request, pro-vide assistance to secure their informa-
tion systems. 
Information systems run water enti-
ties in our communities. I remember visiting one that was up on the Web, if you will, that could be altered by a cyber attack. This legislation would codify DHS’ ongoing coordination ef-fort to give assurances to State and local governments that DHS stands ready to partner with them to protect their network. 
Under this bill, DHS is authorized to 
assist State and local governments to deploy technology capable of diag-nosing and mitigating against cyber threats and vulnerabilities. 
H.R. 3869 authorizes DHS to provide 
training to State and local entities re-garding integrating policies to protect privacy and civil liberties into their cybersecurity efforts. 
It is increasingly important that all 
levels of government be capable of identifying information system vulner-abilities and of protecting them from unauthorized access, disclosure, and disruption of data. 
I will say to the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. H
URD) that we have always, 
as a committee, been reminded of pri-vacy and civil liberties issues while also protecting the American people. 
To build that capability, the Federal Government has a role to play in as-sisting State and local entities by pro-viding both technical training on cy-bersecurity and guidance on potential privacy and civil liberties implications. 
Mr. Speaker, many stakeholders 
throughout the country have told us this bill is a vital, much-needed step in advancing national cybersecurity capa-bilities. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
H.R. 3869. 
Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 3869, the State 
and Local Cyber Protection Act. 
As a Senior Member of the Homeland Secu-
rity Committee, and Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and Investigations I am well aware of the terrorism and criminal risks to our nation’s critical infra-structure, civilian and privacy computer net-works. 
For this reason, I introduced H.R. 85, the 
Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, which directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to work with critical infra-structure owners and operators and state, local, and territorial to take proactive steps to address All Hazards that would impact: na-tional security; economic stability; public health and safety; and/or any combination of these. 
This nation is presented with new chal-
lenges in confronting threats to our national security, and cybersecurity. 
Critical infrastructure remains an essential 
area that must receive the needed attention to protect it against all threats and all-hazards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.042 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9257 December 10, 2015 
Post-9/11 established the need to anticipate 
unexpected threats from a variety of sources. The nation must plan to be a step ahead of our enemies in order to effectively detect, deter, and defend against terrorist attacks in whatever form they may arise, including cyberattacks to our nation’s critical infrastruc-ture. 
It is for these reasons that I proposed H.R. 
85, the Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infra-structure Protection Act of 2015. This bill should it become law would greatly assist in our nation’s ability to protect critical infrastruc-ture from the worse effects of cyber-attacks. 
The nation must be adequately prepared to 
fight cyber terrorism just as vigorously as we combat other form of terrorism carried out through physical violence. We can be pre-pared to meet and defeat cyber terrorism threats with legislative efforts like H.R. 85, which would offer tools to effectively address terrorist attacks against critical infrastructure. 
The Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infra-
structure Protection Act directs the Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS) to: 
(1) better engage critical infrastructure own-
ers and operators as volunteers for the pur-pose of coordination of communication among state, local, tribal, and territorial entities for the purpose of taking proactive steps to manage risk and strengthen the security and resilience of the nation’s critical infrastructure against terrorist attacks; 
(2) establish terrorism prevention policy to 
engage with international partners to strength-en the security and resilience of domestic crit-ical infrastructure and critical infrastructure lo-cated outside of the United States; 
(3) make available research findings and 
guidance to federal civilian agencies for the identification, prioritization, assessment, reme-diation, and security of their internal critical in-frastructure to assist in the prevention, medi-ation, and recovery from terrorism events. 
The bill sets forth the terrorism protection 
responsibilities of the Department of Home-land Security as it relates to the Department’s responsibility to protection and defends civilian agencies and private sector networks from cyber-attacks. 
H.R. 85, Terrorism Prevention and Critical 
Infrastructure Protection Act also provides guidance to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity regarding actions to be taken to: 
(1) facilitate the timely exchange of terrorism 
threat and vulnerability information as well as information that allows for the development of a situational awareness capability for federal civilian agencies during terrorist incidents; 
(2) implement an integration and analysis 
function for critical infrastructure that includes operational and strategic analysis on terrorism incidents, threats, and emerging risks; and 
(3) support greater terrorism cyber security 
information sharing by civilian federal agencies with the private sector that protects constitu-tional privacy and civil liberties rights. 
Finally the bill directs the National Research 
Council to evaluate how well DHS is meeting the objectives of this Act. 
I thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking 
Member T HOMPSON for their support and col-
laboration in working with me to improve the bill for consideration by the Full Committee and ultimately the House of Representatives as we work to ensure safety, security, resil-iency, trustworthiness of vital critical infrastruc-ture networks, while at the same time ensuring that data used for this purpose does not un-
dermine the privacy and civil liberties of Amer-icans. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no further requests for time, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
In closing, I include for the R
ECORD  
an article dated October 19 from The Hill newspaper on boosting power grid defenses against ISIS. 
[From The Hill, Oct. 19, 2015] 
JACKSON LEEPUSHES TOBOOST POWER -GRID 
DEFENSES AGAINST ISIS 
(By Katie Bo Williams) 
Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D–Texas) on Fri-
day called for action on a bill bolstering power-grid cybersecurity after a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) official said the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) is try-ing to hack American electrical power com-panies. 
‘‘No solace should be taken in the fact that 
ISIS has been unsuccessful,’’ Jackson Lee said. ‘‘ISIS need only be successful once to have catastrophic impact on regional elec-tricity supply.’’ 
Caitlin Durkovich, assistant secretary for 
infrastructure protection at DHS, told en-ergy firm executives at an industry con-ference in Philadelphia last week that ISIS ‘‘is beginning to perpetrate cyberattacks.’’ 
Law enforcement officials speaking at the 
same event indicated that the group’s efforts have so far been unsuccessful, thanks in part to a Balkanized power grid and an unsophis-ticated approach. 
‘‘Strong intent. Thankfully, low capa-
bility,’’ said John Riggi, a section chief at the FBI’s cyber division. ‘‘But the concern is that they’ll buy that capability.’’ 
Jackson Lee, a senior member of the House 
Homeland Security Committee and ranking member on the Judiciary Committee’s Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, in January in-troduced the Terrorism Prevention and Crit-ical Infrastructure Protection Act. 
The bill directs DHS to work with critical 
infrastructure companies to boost their cyber defenses against terrorist attacks, part of a swath of legislation that has attempted to codify the agency’s responsibilities in that area. 
Late last year, the Senate passed its 
version of the House-passed National Cyber-security and Critical Infrastructure Protec-tion Act. 
The bill officially authorized an already- 
existing cybersecurity information-sharing hub at DHS. 
Although a deadly attack on power plants 
or the electric grid—a ‘‘cyber Pearl Har-bor’’—is still only a hypothetical, experts warn critical infrastructure sites are in-creasingly at risk, as electric grids get smarter. 
National Security Agency Director Mi-
chael Rogers told lawmakers last fall that China and ‘‘one or two’’ other countries would be able to shut down portions of crit-ical U.S. infrastructure with a cyberattack. Researchers suspect Iran to be on that list. 
In August, DHS announced the creation of 
a new subcommittee dedicated to preventing attacks on the power grid. 
The new panel is tasked with identifying 
how well the department’s lifeline sectors are prepared to meet threats and recover from a significant cyber event. 
The committee will also provide rec-
ommendations for a more unified approach to state and local cybersecurity. ‘‘There is a great deal that has been done 
and is being done now to secure our net-works,’’ Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told the House Judiciary Com-mittee in July. ‘‘There is more to do.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
State and local governments have been struggling to keep pace with the evolv-ing threats posed by cyber breaches. They just cannot do it alone. We have the resources. This Department was crafted and designed to be able to reach out beyond these parameters to ensure that local governments and State gov-ernments felt that they were secure. 
I believe that the enactment of H.R. 
3869 would send a clear message about our commitment to helping State and local governments address the peren-nial cybersecurity challenges that per-meate their providing services for their constituents, which have been identi-fied every year, according to the Na-tional Preparedness Report. 
In having formerly chaired this infra-
structure committee, I know that the need still remains great and that we have an opportunity to keep building and improving on that resource. 
Again, I urge my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3869. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I concur with the gentlewoman. Once 
again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3869. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The ques-
tion is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) that 
the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3869, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to assist State and local coordination on cyber-security with the national cybersecu-rity and communications integration center, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER IDENTIFICA-
TION OF EMERGENCY NEEDS IN DISASTER SITUATIONS 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2795) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the effectiveness and avail-ability of first responders before, dur-ing, or after a terrorist threat or event, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2795 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.022 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9258 December 10, 2015 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Re-
sponder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations’’ or the ‘‘FRIENDS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH MAY IMPACT 
FIRST RESPONDERS DURING A TER-RORIST EVENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that describes select State and local pro-grams and policies, as appropriate, related to the preparedness and protection of first re-sponders. The report may include informa-tion on— 
(1) the degree to which such programs and 
policies include consideration of the pres-ence of a first responder’s family in an area impacted by a terrorist attack; 
(2) the availability of personal protective 
equipment for first responders; 
(3) the availability of home Medkits for 
first responders and their families for bio-logical incident response; and 
(4) other related factors. 
(b) C
ONTEXT .—In preparing the report re-
quired under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States may, as appro-priate, provide information— 
(1) in a format that delineates high risk 
urban areas from rural communities; and 
(2) on the degree to which the selected 
State and local programs and policies in-cluded in the report were developed or are being executed with funding from the De-partment of Homeland Security, including grant funding from the State Homeland Se-curity Grant Program or the Urban Area Se-curity Initiative under sections 2002 and 2003, respectively, of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603 and 604). 
(c) H
OMELAND SECURITY CONSIDERATION .— 
After issuance of the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider the report’s findings and assess its applicability for Federal first responders. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today to support H.R. 2795, the 
First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situa-tions. 
Our country continues to be resilient 
because of the men and women who keep us safe every day by putting their lives on the line. We can thank them by ensuring they have sufficient re-sources to do their jobs. H.R. 2795 will take a national snap-
shot of the current policies and pro-grams that support first responders and their families in the event of a ter-rorist attack. 
By requiring the Government Ac-
countability Office to report this na-tional snapshot to Congress and to the Department of Homeland Security, we will have a better understanding of the support surrounding our first respond-ers and their families. 
Both the National Association of 
State Emergency Medical Services Of-ficials and the International Associa-tion of Fire Chiefs are endorsing this legislation because it promotes the critical work our first responders are always prepared to do despite the chal-lenges they face. Events like the Ebola scare that hit the U.S. in 2014 alerted us to the impact these events have not only had on our first responders, but also on their families. 
I thank Ms. J
ACKSON LEEfor intro-
ducing this legislation and for working with the Committee on Homeland Se-curity to promote this important issue. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2795, the 
First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situa-tions, or the FRIENDS Act, as we have been very happy to call it as we have crafted it. 
First responders are our Nation’s he-
roes. We know that we are gathering together in these final weeks to make sure that we pass the 9/11 health bill that provided for those who stood in the face of danger during the tragedy of 9/11. 
We know that first responders run 
into burning buildings, that they res-cue people trapped by dangerous floods, that they put themselves in harm’s way to protect others, and that, as we well know in these times, they deal with terrorism. 
Just last week, in San Bernardino, 
we saw brave first responders hero-ically pursue two individuals who were fleeing from the scene of a deadly at-tack at an office holiday party. 
We also know that, at the site of that 
incident, we saw a massive number of 
first responders who were going toward the building. Not knowing the threat or whether or not the individuals who had created this massacre were still there or how many there were, they ran toward the building. 
To do their jobs, first responders 
must leave their homes and families while the rest of us cling to ours. Whether it was to deal with the after-math of a terrorist attack, like the at-tacks of September 11, or to give sup-port during a catastrophic disaster, like Hurricane Katrina, first respond-ers bravely leave home to save others. 
I had firsthand experiences of both of 
those incidences, one, a natural dis-aster and, one, a terrorist act. I watched as firefighters stayed day 
after day after day and would not re-move themselves because they were en-gaged in recovering their colleagues— their brothers and sisters—and those others who had perished. They stayed day after day. 
That was a great hardship on those 
families. We know the stories. We know that some of them were dealing with situations in which they may have been the only parent or the only guardian. 
In the situation of Katrina, I saw the 
Coast Guard stay in the area time after time and the National Guard and other first responders come from all over the country and from even all over the world to be able to help those who were in need, and they stayed a very long time. 
Unfortunately, today first responders 
are asked to answer the call to action without knowing whether their fami-lies will be safe as they work to rescue others. Our first responders deserve better. 
b1615 
The FRIENDS Act directs the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office to con-duct a comprehensive review of policies and programs designed to ensure that first responders are able to do their job safely and effectively by assessing, among other things, measures to en-sure first responder families are safe and the availability of personal protec-tive equipment is there. 
During committee consideration of 
the FRIENDS Act, my friend from New York (Mr. H
IGGINS ) offered an amend-
ment to authorize GAO to evaluate the availability of home med kits for first responders and their families in assess-ing the preparedness of first respond-ers, maybe even being able to take care of their neighborhood or their family or themselves in the course of these disasters. I am pleased to support the Higgins amendment, and I believe it adds to the bill. 
H.R. 2759 also directs GAO to distin-
guish policies available in high-risk urban areas, which may be better resourced, and rural areas where ef-forts to ensure preparedness for first 
responders and their families may re-quire creative leveraging of resources. Many of those areas have volunteer fire departments and volunteers who need the assistance from this act. This pro-vision will ensure that the information included in the report will be applica-ble and adaptable by various commu-nities across the country as they work to better protect their protectors and to give them the support system that they need. 
Additionally, the FRIENDS Act di-
rects the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to review GAO’s findings and as-sess whether policies identified could be applicable to Federal first respond-ers. The FRIENDS Act has been en-dorsed by the International Associa-tion of Fire Chiefs, as well as the Na-tional Association of State EMS Offi-cials, and the International Emergency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.024 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9259 December 10, 2015 
Management Society, along with oth-
ers. 
Before I conclude, I would like to 
thank Ranking Member T HOMPSON and 
Chairman M CCAUL for their help in 
bringing this important legislation to the floor. Let me also thank the rank-ing member and chairman of the emer-gency preparedness committee and all of jurisdictional committees that helped contribute to this. Let me also acknowledge the staffs on both sides of the aisle who were enormously effec-tive in helping to bring about this bill. 
I want to thank Mr. H
OYER , who for 
many, many years was a co-chair of the Congressional Fire Service Caucus on which I participated with him over those years, for his stated support of this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the 
Homeland Security, and the author and spon-sor, I am proud to rise in strong support of H.R. 2795, the ‘‘First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations of 2015,’’ or the ‘‘FRIENDS Act.’’ 
I thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking 
Member T HOMPSON for their cooperation, as-
sistance, and support in shepherding this im-portant legislation to the floor. 
I appreciate Congressman P
AYNE , the Rank-
ing Member of the Homeland Security Sub-committee on Emergency Preparedness, Re-sponse, and Communications, for his original co-sponsorship and strong support of the FRIENDS Act. 
The FRIENDS Act embodies the important 
and fundamental idea that we have an obliga-tion to ensure that the first responders who protect our loved ones in emergencies have the peace of mind that comes from knowing that their loved ones are safe while they do their duty. 
The FRIENDS Act, which reflects stake-
holder input and bipartisan collaboration with the Majority, is an example of what can be achieved for the American people when Mem-bers of Congress put the public interest ahead of partisan interests. 
I thank the International Association of Fire 
Chiefs, the National Association of State EMS Officials, and the International Emergency Management Society for their valuable assist-ance and input regarding the FRIENDS Act. 
I thank Kay Goss; the President of the Inter-
national Emergency Management Society, who provided technical assistance during the bill’s drafting process on the work of first re-sponders to prepare for catastrophic events. 
Kay Goss was Associate FEMA Director in 
charge of National Preparedness, Training, and Exercises during the Clinton Administra-tion, the first woman confirmed by the Senate to serve in that position. 
I am passionate about the work of those 
who dedicate themselves to public service. 
I hold in high regard the service of fire-
fighters, law enforcement officers, emergency response technicians, nurses, emergency room doctors, and the dozens of other profes-sionals who are the ultimate public servants. 
Few persons outside their ranks truly under-
stand why and how first responders are able to do what they do every day—voluntarily and cheerfully risk placing their lives in harm’s way to save a stranger. 
First responders, whether as law enforce-
ment officers, fire fighters, search and rescue workers, or emergency medical technicians 
make our lives safer, often at considerable risk to their personal safety. 
H.R. 2795 provides Congress an opportunity 
to let our first responders know that we do recognize and understand that they have fami-lies and loved ones who they must leave be-hind when they are called to duty. 
The GAO study that will be provided as a 
result of this bill will shed light on what is being done by local and state governments to address the needs of first responder families when threats like Hurricanes Sandy, Hugo, and Katrina hit communities, or when a ter-rorist attack like the ones seen in New York and Boston occur. 
The report called for by the FRIENDS Act 
will also provide information on the availability of personal protective equipment for first re-sponders. 
The issue of personal protective equipment 
was an acute problem for front line first re-sponders during last year’s Ebola crisis. 
First responders including EMTs, emer-
gency room doctors and nurses, as well as law enforcement and fire department profes-sionals who responded to emergencies were in need of guidance on how to effectively treat a person with Ebola without becoming in-fected. 
I joined members of the House Committee 
on Homeland Security in a Full Committee field hearing last year in Dallas, Texas, shortly after the first case of Ebola was diagnosed in the United States. 
That patient, Eric Duncan, lived in the Dal-
las area and was treated at a local hospital, but died of the illness. 
As a result of coming in contact with Mr. 
Duncan two nurses at the hospital where he was treated became ill with the disease. 
During the Dallas field hearing, I brought to 
the attention of the House Homeland Security Committee a letter from National Nurses United transmitting the results of a survey of nurses, which found that: 
1. Nearly 80 percent of respondents agreed 
that their hospital had not communicated to them any policy regarding potential admission of patients infected by Ebola; 
2. 85 percent of respondents agreed that 
their hospital had not provided education on Ebola to enable nurses to interact with pa-tients safely; 
3. One-third of respondents reported that 
their hospital had insufficient supplies of eye protection (face shields or side shields with goggles) and fluid resistant/impermeable gowns; and 
4. Nearly 40 percent of respondents agreed 
that their hospital did not have plans to equip isolation rooms with plastic covered mat-tresses and pillows and to discard all linens after use; fewer than 1 in 10 respondents re-ported that they were aware their hospital had such a plan in place. 
The Centers for Disease Control and a few 
hospitals around the country with infectious disease units knew the right protocols and had the right protective gear to be used when treating an Ebola patient. 
Ebola in the United States was a frightening 
thought for many, but I think we saw the best of what first responders do each day—our doctors and nurses went to work and treated the sick and did what they always do—take care of those in need. 
In unanimously reported the FRIENDS Act 
favorably to the House, the Homeland Security Committee voted to support first responders 
and the people who love them and need them most, their families. 
The FRIENDS Act will help ensure that our 
healthcare workers, EMTs, firefighters, law en-forcement, and other local, state, and federal first responders can answer the call of duty secure in the knowledge that they will have what they need in the way of health kits or an emergency response plan to enable them to perform their duty and return home safely to their families and loved ones. 
The GAO’s comprehensive review of the 
range of policies and programs in place at the State level to address the preparedness and protection of first responders will also delin-eate high risk urban areas from rural commu-nities; and the degree to which selected state policies were developed or executed with funding from the DHS Grant Programs or Urban Area Security Initiative authorized by 
the Homeland Security Act. 
The GAO Report’s focus on the presence of 
the family of first responders in an area af-fected by a terrorist attack and the availability of personal protective equipment is essential. 
This will be the first report that focuses on 
the family as a critical factor that should be considered in the work of first responders dur-ing times of crisis such as a terrorist attack or public emergency. 
The issue of families in areas that may be 
impacted by terrorist attack or other crisis was highlighted by the Ebola crisis in Dallas, Texas last year. 
According to Dallas County Judge Clay Jen-
kins, who managed the crisis, one of the chief concerns of first responders was keeping their families safe. 
Judge Jenkins recounted that discrimination 
against first responders and their families was a real concern because it was known that EMTs and the firefighters accompanying them responded to the home of the first known Ebola victim in the United States, Eric Dun-can. 
People were so fearful for themselves and 
their children’s health regarding possible means of contracting Ebola they did not want their children attending a school with the child of first responders who might come into con-tact with Ebola victims. 
For this reason, Judge Jenkins requested 
the Commissioner of Public Health, the top Ebola expert in the United States, and the Dallas County Medical Society explain to the public that there was a zero percent chance of transmission of Ebola in that scenario. 
In Dallas County and around the nation first 
responders expressed concerns regarding their lack of knowledge about the disease, as well as not having the right type of protective equipment to ensure their safety in managing the care of possible Ebola victims. 
These are certainly factors that one would 
expect to weigh on a first responder called to respond to a terrorist attack or unprecedented emergency. 
The bravery or dedication of first responders 
is not in question—they are the people who run into burning buildings to save people whom they may never have met. 
The FRIENDS Act is a small token of the 
nation’s gratitude and appreciation for all first responders do keep us safe. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I wish to acknowledge 
and thank Natalie Matson and her colleagues on the Homeland Security Committee’s major-ity staff, Moira Bergin and her colleagues with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.048 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9260 December 10, 2015 
the Minority staff, and Lillie Coney of my per-
sonal staff for their technical expertise and great work on H.R. 2795. 
I urge all Members to support the nation’s 
first responders and vote to pass H.R. 2795, the FRIENDS Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no further speakers, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
am prepared to close since I have no further speakers, and I yield myself the remaining time. 
One of the things that we wanted to 
do in the course of this legislation is to make sure that the stakeholders were fully informed and thought this would be a constructive addition to their abil-ity to serve the public and to be on call and to be away for long periods of time from their families, which they have been called to do. 
As I begin to reflect, I reflected on 
the wildfires in the West, the enormous flooding that we have had, and cer-tainly we cannot forget the issues deal-ing with terrorism. The terrorism in-vestigations, as individuals who are victims are buried in California, the first responders, law enforcement, and others are still on the job investigating what is occurring. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I include a series of 
letters into the R
ECORD from the Na-
tional Organization of Black Law En-forcement Executives, who are indi-cating the importance of this legisla-tion; a letter from the Office of the Mayor of the City of Houston, Mayor Annise Parker, who indicates that as first responders risk their lives in re-sponding to terrorist attacks and other emergencies, they and their families are at increased risk; from the Houston Professional Fire Fighters, Association Local 341, who have written on behalf of the 3,800 men and women of the Houston Fire Department, indicating the need for this legislation to protect their families; from the National Asso-ciation of State EMS Officials, the International Association of Fire Chiefs on behalf of nearly 11,000 fire service leaders for introducing this leg-islation that would provide adequate preparedness for their families; and an article which is entitled ‘‘Family Versus Duty: Personal and Family Pre-paredness Law Enforcement Organiza-tional Resilience.’’ 
NATIONAL ORGANIZATION OF  
BLACK LAWENFORCEMENT EXECUTIVES , 
Alexandria, VA, December 9, 2015. 
Hon. S HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCONGRESSWOMAN JACKSON LEE: On be-
half of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE), our Executive Board, local chapters, and mem-bers, I am writing to express support for H.R. 2795, the First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act. Our nation’s first respond-ers risk their lives in responding to terrorist attacks, natural disasters, and other emer-gencies. Consequently, they and their fami-lies may be at increased risk due to expo-sures they face in responding to disasters. Directing the Government Accountability 
Office to prepare a report that examines the preparedness and protection of first respond-ers and their families, including an assess-ment of the grant funding available, will serve an important function by evaluating existing resources to protect first responders and their families and the need for addi-tional resources. 
NOBLE feels that it is important that we 
equip our first responders to protect our communities while also ensuring that their 
families are safe. 
Sincerely, 
D
WAYNE A. C RAWFORD , 
Executive Director, 
NOBLE. 
OFFICE OF THE MAYOR , 
CITY OF HOUSTON , 
Houston, TX, December 7. 2015. 
Hon. S HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCONGRESSWOMAN JACKSON LEE: I am 
writing to express my support for H.R. 2795, the First Responder Identification of Emer-gency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act. Our nation’s first respond-ers risk their lives in responding to terrorist attacks and other emergencies, and they and their families may be at increased risk be-cause of exposure they face in responding to disasters. Directing the Government Ac-countability Office to prepare a report that examines the preparedness and protection of first responders and their families, including an assessment of the grant funding available, will serve an important function by evalu-ating existing resources to protect first re-sponders and their families and the need for additional resource. 
We live in challenging times with the 
threat of terrorist attacks, and it is critical that we are prepared and that we best equip our first responders to protect our cities while at the same time ensuring that their families are safe. 
Thank you for advancing this important 
legislation. 
Sincerely, 
A
NNISE D. P ARKER , 
Mayor. 
HOUSTON PROFESSIONAL FIRE 
FIGHTERS ASSOCIATION LOCAL 341, 
Houston, TX, December 7, 2015. 
Hon. S HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
House of Representatives, Rayburn House Office 
Building, Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE JACKSON LEE, On 
behalf of the 3,800 men and women of the Houston Professional Fire Fighters Associa-tion, IAFF Local 341, I thank you for your leadership on H.R. 2795, the First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Dis-aster Situations (FRIENDS) Act. 
HPFFA members and our families appre-
ciate your commitment to helping ensure that first responders’ families will be pre-pared in the event of large-scale natural dis-asters, health crises, or terrorist attacks. 
Thank you for introducing the FRIENDS 
Act. 
Please let us know if you need anything 
else. 
Sincerely, 
A
LVIN W. W HITE, JR., 
President. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
STATE EMS O FFICIALS , 
Falls Church, VA, September 28, 2015. 
Re: Expressing Support for the Jackson Lee 
Amendment in the Nature of a Sub-stitute to H.R. 2795. 
Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. M
ARTHA MCSALLY , 
Chairman, Subcommittee on Emergency Pre-
paredness, Response, and Communications, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. B
ENNIE G. T HOMPSON , 
Ranking Member, House Committee on Home-
land Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. D
ONALD M. P AYNE , 
Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Emergency 
Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. 
We are writing to express our support for 
the Jackson Lee Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute titled, the ‘‘Families of Re-sponders Identification of Emergency Needs in Designated Situations’’ or the ‘‘FRIENDS Act.’’ This bill would provide an important report on the state of family support plan-ning for the families of first responders. 
We believe that Federal family support 
planning is important to homeland security because this area of continuity of operations planning addresses the health and safety needs of first responder families during ter-rorist attacks or incidents as well as other emergencies. The FRIENDS Act will be an important first step in engaging the first re-sponder community on the role of family in preparedness and continuity of operations. 
The FRIENDS Act would also engage first 
responder organizations to get their perspec-tives on best practices in family support planning programs on the local and state levels. 
For these reasons, we support the 
FRIENDS Act of 2015. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULR. P ATRICK , 
President. 
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
FIRECHIEFS , 
Fairfax, VA, November 3, 2015. 
Hon. S HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE JACKSON LEE: On 
behalf of the nearly 11,000 fire service leaders of the International Association of Fire Chiefs (IAFC), I would like thank you for in-troducing your substitute amendment to H.R. 2795, the First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act. The IAFC supports this leg-
islation, because it will examine an impor-tant issue facing the nation’s first respond-ers during a major terrorist attack: adequate preparedness for the first responders’ fami-lies. 
During a major terrorist attack, fire, law 
enforcement and EMS officials will be called upon to take heroic actions to protect the public and provide fire and emergency med-ical response. In the case of a large-scale in-cident or biological attack, the families of these first responders also will be at risk. Based on the experience of IAFC members during the response to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and last year’s response to poten-tial Ebola incidents in the United States, I know that the welfare of the first respond-ers’ families weighs heavily on them as they serve the public. It is important that federal, state, and local officials make plans to pro-vide for the safety of first responders’ fami-lies in order to ensure strong morale among 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.030 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9261 December 10, 2015 
local fire, law enforcement, and EMS offi-
cials during a major terrorist attack. 
The IAFC thanks the House Homeland Se-
curity Committee for considering this sub-stitute amendment to H.R. 2795. It would di-rect the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to examine planning for first respond-ers’ families during terrorist attacks. We urge the GAO to highlight effective plans, so that other jurisdictions can learn from them. We also support Representative Higgins’ amendment to make minor changes to the bill, including examining the use of med-kits for first responders’ families. 
Thank you for introducing this important 
legislation. The IAFC urges the House Home-land Security Committee to pass both this substitute amendment and the Higgins amendment. We look forward to working with you to pass this legislation in the House of Representatives. 
Sincerely, 
F
IRECHIEF RHODA MAEKERR, 
EFO, CFO, MPA, 
President and Chair of the Board. 
FAMILY VS . DUTY: PERSONAL AND FAMILY  
PREPAREDNESS FOR LAWENFORCEMENT OR-
GANIZATIONAL RESILIENCE  
It has been more than four years since Hur-
ricane Katrina opened our eyes to the per-sonal struggles faced by law enforcement of-ficers in the wake of disaster. The law en-forcement response to Hurricane Katrina brought to the forefront the challenges that ensue when the intended responders become victims. Many law Enforcement Officers had to make the choice between their responsi-bility to their families and their duties as police officers. As law enforcement officers, how do we balance the needs and safety of our families with our duty to respond in a crisis? As employers and managers of law en-forcement officers what are our responsibil-ities to our employees and their families in developing and maintaining personal and family preparedness? What steps can be taken by organizations to increase employee and family preparedness of law enforcement personnel? 
This article provides an overview of per-
sonal and family preparedness of police offi-cers and its relationship to law enforcement organizational readiness. The role of the law enforcement agency in developing and sup-porting personal and family preparedness will also be reviewed. The overall goal of this article is to develop the general elements of an effective program for law enforcement agencies that advances the personal and fam-ily preparedness of law enforcement officers to increase the likelihood that officers will report in emergency situations. 
HURRICANE KATRINA : PREPAREDNESS AND  
ORGANIZATIONAL EFFECTIVENESS  
The New Orleans Police Department 
(NOPD) faced a multitude of challenges in ef-forts to respond to the impact of Hurricane Katrina that resulted in an ‘‘almost total loss of police capabilities in New Orleans.’’ The official reports crafted in the wake of the disaster identify several issues that led to the ‘‘collapse of law enforcement.’’ These identified problems included ‘‘missing police officers led to a law enforcement manpower shortage.’’ While there were some officers who were derelict in their duties in failing to report, the vast majority had become vic-tims themselves, or dealt with family crises related to the disaster, making it difficult or impossible to report for duty. There are esti-mates that as much as 5 percent of the NOPD force were stranded at home. Other ele-ments, including the technological failures of electric power grids, communications sys-tems, etc., can be overcome through effec-tive continuity planning. The loss of signifi-cant numbers of personnel through their fail-
ure to report is completely debilitating for the law enforcement function. Regardless of the technological enhancements, policing is accomplished by people, without them there 
is no maintenance of civil order. 
PREVIOUS RESEARCH : ABILITY AND  
WILLINGNESS TO REPORT  
Although the conditions faced by NOPD in 
its efforts to respond to Hurricane Katrina were of a scale not seen in our modern his-tory, ensuring that personnel are willing and able to report for assignment is critical. This is an easier task when notice of the potential crisis, such as an approaching Hurricane, is known for several days in advance. Devel-oping the organizational agility for officers to report in sudden unexpected conditions is more challenging. 
There has been little research conducted 
directly on the ability and willingness of po-lice officers to report in crisis situations. There have been several studies conducted in the public health and healthcare community, and limited studies among firefighters and emergency medical technicians. While there are many parallels that can be drawn across first response organizations, each has unique challenges in different emergency situations that may impact the willingness of respond-ers to report. 
There are two studies that have been con-
ducted on the ability and willingness of law enforcement officers to report in disaster. A 2007 study of police officers in the Wash-ington, DC area by Demme revealed that family preparedness and safety were the de-terminant factors in the ability and willing-ness of law enforcement officers to report for duty in the event of a biological incident. In an unpublished study, Nestal (2005) examined the ability and willingness of police officers in Philadelphia to respond using the Na-tional Planning Scenarios outlined in De-partment of Homeland Security preparedness guidance. The planning scenarios presented fifteen disaster situations that range from natural disasters to terrorist attacks. The study revealed that based on the given sce-nario, 55–66 percent of police officers re-ported they would refuse to adhere to an emergency recall or would consider aban-doning their position based upon concerns for the safety of their family. 
These studies illustrate the importance of 
family preparedness to the resilience of law enforcement agencies in disaster. Although further research is needed, these studies make employee and family preparedness im-possible to ignore in overall agency pre-paredness efforts. 
THE ROLE OF THE EMPLOYER IN EMPLOYEE AND  
FAMILY PREPAREDNESS  
A recent study by Landahl & Cox (2009) ex-
amined the actions being taken by first re-sponse organizations related to employee and family preparedness and the attitudes and opinions of senior leaders on the role of the employer in the development of em-ployee and family preparedness. The study showed that 97 percent of homeland security leaders identified that employee and family preparedness is an essential element to orga-nizational resilience during large-scale emer-gencies. In addition, the results showed that a majority (52.9 percent) reported that orga-nizations should be prepared to assume some responsibility for the care of essential em-ployees and their families. The study con-cluded that ‘‘there is a fundamental dis-connect between problem recognition by homeland security leaders and organiza-tional activities; only 29 percent of partici-pants reported their organizations had con-ducted training in or had written plans to support employees and families during dis-aster.’’ Essentially, the problem has been recog-
nized, but little has been accomplished to-wards a solution. Although the issue of em-ployee and family preparedness was exposed during the response to Hurricane Katrina and recognized through research, the issue remains absent from Department of Home-land Security planning and preparedness guidance. 
IMPLEMENTING POLICY TO INCREASE PERSONAL  
AND FAMILY PREPAREDNESS  
Law enforcement agencies train officers 
for confrontations, teach them how to inves-tigate crimes and help them develop skills to earn promotions. However, as leaders we fail to teach our officers how to prepare their families and themselves if they are called to duty during a crisis. To improve the chances that law enforcement officers will be in a po-sition to make the decision to report in a crisis situation, leaders should develop clear expectations through policy and planning; including a Mission Statement and Strategic Plan. According to Whisenand, the agencies that have gone through difficult times, managerially, have had three things in com-mon. Each of these agencies exhibited signs of a lack of leadership, an absence of a shared vision and their strategic plans were either poorly developed or had not been es-tablished. Therefore, administrators should create a clear policy for their officers so ex-pectations are established before disaster strikes. 
Such a policy should include the following: 
EMERGENCY RECALL GUIDELINES  
Clear emergency recall guidelines allow of-
ficers to understand the methods and expec-tations following the notification of off-duty personnel to return to work. The policy should establish how the decision will be made, how officers will be contacted, report-ing locations, and expected time from notifi-cation to reporting. Notifications may be ac-complished through radio communication, telephone contact, pagers, or media utilizing the Emergency Alert System. These guide-lines also establish who is exempt from re-turning. This may include officers who are on vacation, sick leave, or military duty. 
HOLD -OVER GUIDELINES  
These guidelines establish the process for 
extending the tour of on-duty personnel. This should include the decision process, which personnel may be affected. 
SCHEDULE ASSIGNMENTS  
While maintaining the flexibility to re-
spond to a variety of incidents, expected emergency pre-planned shift assignments should be communicated to personnel. For example, agencies may choose to implement 12-hour A/B platoon shifts. The expectation should be communicated to personnel in order to facilitate personal and family pre-paredness planning. 
LEVELS OF MOBILIZATION  
Levels of mobilization should be estab-
lished to set parameters for how many per-sonnel will report for duty. Will the entire department report or will it be selected divi-sions, or specialized units that will be mobi-lized. 
CIVILIAN SUPPORT STAFF  
Communicating policies and roles for sup-
port staff is critical to emergency oper-ations. They must be included in policies and personal and family preparedness process. 
LOGISTICAL SUPPORT  
Roles and responsibilities for logistical 
support of law enforcement operations in dis-asters need to be clearly defined. The Senate Hurricane Katrina report indicated that there were deficiencies in that there ‘‘did not appear to be any pre-planning for food, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.035 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9262 December 10, 2015 
water, weapons, and medical care.’’ Officer’s 
need to know how they will be supported during disaster operations, will they have off-shift food and lodging available? Con-cerns about on-duty and off-duty support may impact officers’ willingness to report for assignment. The clear articulation and communication of support that officers can expect will allow for personal and family planning, strong support efforts may in-crease response rates. 
FAMILY SUPPORT  
Agencies must determine their level of 
commitment to support officer families and communicate the expected relationship be-tween the organization and families to offi-cers. There is a range of support that agen-cies can provide to families ranging from basic home logistical support to providing a shelter to locate officers’ families during a disaster or an emergency situation. If agen-cies do not plan to provide support to fami-lies, they must communicate this expecta-tion and prepare officers and families to be self-sufficient. The decision to provide no support to families may impact recall and dereliction of duty rates. 
ANTICIPATED EMERGENCIES  
Following their experience in Hurricane 
Katrina, the NOPD took a different approach in preparing officers to report for duty prior to Hurricane Gustav in 2008. NOPD provided employees paid time off to prepare and evac-uate their families if necessary before re-porting for duty. The effectiveness of the strategy on response rates could not be measured as Hurricane Gustav largely missed New Orleans. Pre-incident policies such as time off to prepare should be consid-ered and communicated to personnel. 
POLICY ENFORCEMENT /DISCIPLINE GUIDELINES  
Policy should clearly articulate the con-
sequences when officers elect not to report for duty. Leaders must deal decisively with the issue. The failure of the chief executive to address such cases could erode confidence in their ability to maintain discipline within the department. Failure to enforce can also call into question the importance of such a policy. 
TRAINING AND EXERCISE  
Training in emergency policies should 
occur at least on an annual basis and be rein-forced regularly by supervisory personnel. Training should include instruction in the development of personal and family pre-paredness plans and emergency kits. Emer-gency exercises should include the extension to families, in order for officers to engage their families in the potential impact of agency emergency operations on the home. 
CONCLUSION  
The general public and agency leadership 
have the expectation that law enforcement officers report for duty when significant events or crises occurs. An established policy that includes protocols, training, clear orga-nizational mission, and communication of the expected relationship between agencies and families of officers can help officers pre-pare and facilitate the decision to report for duty. Agency executives must place high or-ganizational value on personal and family preparedness and reinforce it through train-ing, exercise, and the supervision process. Provisions for the safety of officers’ families should be a key component of a plan. Plan-ning and policy development can steer the organizational culture to a culture of pre-paredness that include the families of our most critical asset; our people. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as 
I began, let me thank the first respond-ers of this Nation and thank their fam-ilies for the sacrifice that they make. Our first responders rush into dan-
gerous conditions to protect us. They deserve to have the peace of mind that their families are safe as they coura-geously help others and other families during disaster and crisis. Now, their plate is enhanced. It is fuller dealing with not only these disasters, but the potential of a terrorist act. 
So I want to extend my gratitude to 
all of those who have offered their sup-port, again, in particular, the Inter-national Association of Fire Chiefs for their support in working with us. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
2795. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the remaining time. 
I, once again, urge my colleagues to 
support H.R. 2795. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (H.R. 2795) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2795, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF SENATE AMEND-MENTS TO H.R. 2250, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–378) on the resolution (H. Res. 560) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 3578, by the yeas and nays; 
H.R. 2795, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
DHS SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 
REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3578) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to strengthen and make improvements to the Directorate of Science and Technology of the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 416, nays 0, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 687] 
YEAS—416 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann 
Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.041 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9263 December 10, 2015 
Israel 
Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Aguilar Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Cicilline Emmer (MN) Engel Grayson 
Grijalva Johnson, Sam Kildee McGovern Meadows Nolan 
Polis Rangel Rice (NY) Sessions Sinema 
b1652 
Messrs. CRAWFORD and COURTNEY 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE 
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a 
question of the privileges of the House and offer the following resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
OMACK ). The Clerk will report the res-
olution. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Whereas the safety of the American people 
is urgently at stake; 
Whereas the integrity of the legislative 
process has been seriously undermined by the influence of a powerful lobby, causing the House leadership to prevent the Amer-ican people’s representatives from consid-ering commonsense measures to prevent ter-rorists from purchasing assault weapons and firearms from any licensed firearms dealer in the United States; 
Whereas the first duty of Members of Con-
gress is to protect and defend the American people, and that duty is forsaken by the fail-ure of the House leadership to withstand the influence of a powerful lobby controlled by the gun industry; 
Whereas leaders of terrorist organizations 
have previously urged sympathizers to ex-ploit the United States’ lax gun laws in order to perpetrate domestic terror; 
Whereas suspects on the FBI’s Terrorist 
Watchlist can go into a gun store anywhere in America and buy dangerous firearms of their choosing legally; 
Whereas since 2004, more than 2,000 sus-
pected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States; 
Whereas in that time period, more than 90 
percent of all suspected terrorists who tried to buy a gun in a store in America walked away with his or her weapon of choice; 
Whereas the House leadership ensures the 
ability of suspected terrorists to continue to buy guns and refuses to schedule legislation to close the terror list loophole; 
Whereas since the mass shooting at Sandy 
Hook Elementary school nearly 3 years ago, more than 1,000 mass shootings, 90,000 gun deaths, and 210,000 gun injuries have oc-curred; and 
Whereas mass shootings and gun violence 
are inflicting daily tragedy on communities across America: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That— 
(1) a clear and present danger exists to the 
American people; and 
(2) in order to protect the American people 
and the integrity of the legislative process, upon the adoption of this resolution, the Speaker shall place H.R. 1076, the ‘‘Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Ter-rorists Act’’, as introduced by Congressman Peter King (Republican–NY), on the calendar for an immediate vote. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentlewoman from California wish to present argument on the parliamen-tary question whether the resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House? 
Ms. PELOSI. I do, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California is recog-nized. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, it is 
shocking to the American people that Congress refuses to keep guns out of the hands of those on the FBI’s ter-
rorist watch list. The gun violence epi-demic is a public health crisis that we have a responsibility to address. Fail-ing to meet that responsibility brings dishonor to the House of Representa-tives. 
Public sentiment demands action. 
Eighty percent of Americans support legislation to close the outrageous loophole that puts guns in the hands of people, again, on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. In the last decade, 90 per-cent of those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list who tried to buy guns in America left the store with their weap-ons of choice. 
In closing, in the people’s House, we 
do nothing. We have not even allowed an up-or-down vote. In just over 1,000 days since Sandy Hook, we have seen 1,000 mass killings, 90,000 gun deaths, and 210,000 gun injuries in communities across America. 
By refusing to act, we disgrace the 
House, we dishonor the American peo-ple, and we erode America’s faith in our democracy. We have no right to hold moments of silence without action to end gun violence. Give us an up-or- down vote. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will rule. 
The gentlewoman from California 
seeks to offer a resolution raising a question of the privileges of the House under rule IX. The resolution directs the Speaker to schedule a particular measure for an immediate vote. 
One of the fundamental tenets of rule 
IX, as the Chair most recently ruled on October 8, 2013, is that a resolution ex-pressing a legislative sentiment does not qualify as a question of the privi-leges of the House. 
By calling for a vote on a particular 
measure, the resolution expresses a legislative sentiment in violation of the principles documented in sections 702 and 706 of the House Rules and Man-ual. Accordingly, the resolution does not constitute a question of the privi-leges of the House. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I appeal 
the ruling of the Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to lay the appeal on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to table. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2795. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.031 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9264 December 10, 2015 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 173, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 688] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—173 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Aguilar 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Cicilline Emmer (MN) Engel Grayson Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Johnson, Sam Kildee McGovern Meadows Nolan Rangel 
Rice (NY) Scott (VA) Sessions Sinema 
b1715 
So the motion to table was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER IDENTIFICA-
TION OF EMERGENCY NEEDS IN DISASTER SITUATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia). The unfinished 
business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2795) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may im-pact the effectiveness and availability of first responders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 396, nays 12, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 689] 
YEAS—396 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis 
DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur 
Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.055 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9265 December 10, 2015 
Payne 
Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) 
Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—12 
Amash 
Collins (GA) Gohmert Grothman Harris 
Huelskamp Jones Massie Palazzo 
Sanford Sensenbrenner Stutzman 
NOT VOTING—25 
Aguilar Blackburn Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Cicilline Emmer (MN) Engel Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Johnson, Sam Kildee LaMalfa Lawrence Lewis McGovern Meadows Nolan Pelosi 
Price, Tom Rangel Rice (NY) Scott (VA) Sessions Sinema Webster (FL) 
b1724 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
689, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, on December 10, 
2015, I was unavoidably detained due to on-going issues surrounding the health of my youngest daughter in Minnesota. 
Had I been present and voting on rollcall 
No. 687, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (Suspend the Rules and pass H.R. 3578). 
Had I been present and voting on rollcall 
No. 688, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (Motion to Table). 
Had I been present and voting on rollcall 
No. 689, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (Suspend the Rules and pass H.R. 2795). 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Thursday, December 10, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on 
rollcall vote 688 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 689. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND WORK 
OF ‘‘FEARLESS’’ PHYLLIS GALANTI 
(Mr. BRAT asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life and work of ‘‘Fear-less’’ Phyllis Galanti, an amazing woman and a true American hero. 
On Tuesday, the House passed H.R. 
2693 which honors Phyllis Galanti by naming the arboretum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum. 
When her husband, Paul Galanti, was 
shot down and taken as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam in June 1966, Phyllis did not respond with fear but, instead, became a tireless advocate for American POWs around the world. 
‘‘Fearless Phyllis,’’ as she became 
known, sought an audience with the North Vietnamese leaders, collected al-most half a million letters from the Richmond area, and personally deliv-ered them to the North Vietnamese embassy in Stockholm. She also gave hundreds of policy presentations to leaders like President Nixon and Sec-retary of State Henry Kissinger, be-coming nationally known for her dedi-cation to bringing home POWs. 
Mr. Speaker, after over 7 years of 
separation, Paul and Phyllis were re-united in February of 1973 in Norfolk, Virginia. Even with her husband home, Phyllis continued her work, con-fronting not only Vietnam, but also the Soviet Union and Iran in her tire-less quest to bring our boys home, eventually earning The American Le-gion Service Medal. 
Her dedication to our prisoners of 
war is truly inspirational. We all are grateful that this bill passed the House, and I owe a special thanks to former POW Representative S
AMJOHN-
SON; Veterans Committee Chairman 
JEFF MILLER ; my good friend from 
Richmond, Representative B OBBY  
SCOTT; and the entire Virginia delega-
tion. 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Navy Yard, Wash-
ington, D.C., September 16, 2013: 
Arthur Daniels, age 51. Kenneth Bernard Proctor, 46. 
Aaron Alexis, age 34. Santa Monica, California, June 7, 
2013: 
Carlos Navarro Franco, 68 years old. Margarita Gomez, 68. Samir Zawahri, 55 years old. Marcelo Franco, 26 years old. Christopher Zawahri, 24. Chattanooga, Tennessee, July 16, 
2015: Thomas Sullivan, 40 years old. 
David Wyatt, 35. Randall Smith, 26. Carson Holmquist, 25. Squire Wells, 21 years old. Houston, Texas, August 9, 2015: Dwayne Jackson, 50 years old. Valerie Jackson, 40. Nathaniel Jackson, 13. Honesty Jackson, 11. Dwayne Jackson, Jr., 10. Caleb Jackson, 9. Trinity Jackson, 7. Jonah Jackson, 6. Manchester, Illinois, April 24, 2013: Jo Ann Sinclair, 66 years old. James Roy Ralston, 29. Brittney Lynn Luark, 23. 
f 
b1730 
IRAN HAS VIOLATED THE 
NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this 
week it was revealed that Iran tested medium-range ballistic missiles. By doing so, Iran has now violated the nu-clear deal that was agreed to over ob-jection of a majority of this House in July, which calls on Iran to end its bal-listic missile program for 8 years. 
Iran is also now in violation of two 
United Nations Security Council reso-lutions. Like many of my colleagues in the House, I opposed the Iran nuclear deal because of the likelihood that Iran would cheat and the Obama adminis-tration would refuse to hold them ac-countable and reimpose sanctions. 
So far, there has been no response 
from the Obama administration on snapping back the sanctions into place. Because of that, Iran will continue to enjoy more and more of the plus $100 billion in unfrozen assets that they have not been accessible to. 
If Iran is allowed to break the agree-
ment without consequences, it will only encourage more bad behavior and unrest in the Middle East. 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS DAY 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to celebrate Human Rights Day, the anniversary of the proclama-tion of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was signed in 1948. Today is the 67th anniversary of that, as I just indicated. 
I also just introduced a resolution 
recognizing this anniversary and sup-porting the ideals of human rights. I am pleased to have the support already of 37 of my colleagues as cosponsors of this resolution recognizing Human Rights Day. 
I believe we should take this oppor-
tunity to pause and to honor all those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.043 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9266 December 10, 2015 
struggling across the globe to claim 
the fundamental rights and freedoms that belong to all human beings. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to 
take up my resolution and set aside today to recognize Human Rights Day. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO PROTECT 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as 
I have said today on the floor and yes-terday, the American people expect us to keep them safe. 
Let me thank my colleagues for the 
support they have given the Homeland Security Committee on a number of bills and particularly note the legisla-tion that I introduced, the FRIENDS Act, the sole purpose of which is to en-sure that those who are first respond-ers who have to be away for a period of time, that their families are protected. 
I also think it is an important mo-
ment for bridging and building on law enforcement and community. I have had the opportunity to meet with a number of police chiefs of major cities. We have introduced—J
OHN CONYERS  
and myself, along with a number of Members—the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which really is an opportunity and a bridge to be able to provide an accreditation pathway for the law enforcement agencies to build upon the improvement and the best practices that they may have, includ-ing a medallion for those who have fallen in duty. 
It is also important, as we look for-
ward to the security of this Nation, to recognize the tragedy of San Bernardino. I offer to those families my deepest sympathy. There was a major failure which we need to correct. 
Members of Congress need to come 
together so that we are not behind the terrorist act, but in front of it, to pro-tect the American people. 
f 
CURRENT ISSUES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
PUERTO RICO ’S FINANCIAL CRISIS AND THE WAY  
FORWARD  
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Thank you, Mr. 
Speaker, for the time. 
I would like to begin this evening by 
yielding to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. D
UFFY ), my good friend and 
colleague. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the gentleman yielding. 
Tonight I rise to talk about our 
brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico. 
If you have watched the news re-
cently, you are well aware that there is an economic financial debt crisis tak-ing place right now in Puerto Rico. Our 
American brothers and sisters are going through an incredibly difficult time. 
The island is $73 billion in debt. That 
is 100 percent of their GDP, which is catastrophically high. This debt has had a huge impact on the livelihoods of those who live on the island. 
The unemployment rate is over twice 
what it is on the mainland. It is at 12.4 percent. Forty-eight percent of Ameri-cans on the island are living in pov-erty. Again, half of the island citi-zens—Americans—are living in pov-erty. 
Ten percent of the 3.5 million people 
on the island are leaving and they are coming to the mainland. It is great be-cause they work hard and they have an amazing culture. It is wonderful they are coming. But if you are coming to the mainland, you should be coming because you want to come, not because you don’t have economic opportunity in your home. We don’t want to force people away from their families and their neighbors and their community because they don’t have economic op-portunity. 
We have to stand together in this 
House and stand with our brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico. We can’t turn a blind eye. We have to work with them. We have to work for them so we can address this crisis. 
Yesterday I introduced a pretty sim-
ple and straightforward bill that will help jump-start the Puerto Rican econ-omy, help put people back to work, grow their economy, better paying jobs, and lift people out of poverty. It is very simple. It is called the Puerto Rico Financial Stability and Debt Re-structuring Choice Act, and it has two prongs. 
Prong number one is we are going to 
implement a financial stability board that is going to help the island with the management of its budget, its tax collection, and its finances. 
Prong number two is Puerto Rico can 
access a chapter 9 bankruptcy. By the way, every State in America can access chapter 9. It will be the same rights as every State that we will offer Puerto Rico. It is pretty simple and straight-forward stuff. 
I also think it is important to note 
that no one wants to have a financial stability board shoved down their throat, and the citizens of Puerto Rico don’t want that either. That is why we give them the choice. This doesn’t go into effect unless the Puerto Rican leg-islative assembly approves the finan-cial stability board and the Governor signs it so that they have a say in their future. 
If we do this, we will allow Puerto 
Rico to restructure their debt, to get their finances in order, to grow their economy, and to let people on the is-land start living the American Dream. If we do nothing, if we turn a blind eye and say that we are not going to offer the same bankruptcy option that every State has, we are turning our backs on our fellow American citizens on the is-
land, and that is not who we are. We should stand together. 
Now, there are others who have pro-
posed different solutions for the island, and those solutions involve a bailout without real structural reform. I have got to tell you that, after the 2008 fi-nancial crisis, I think Americans have had it up to here with bailouts. We usu-ally go with bankruptcy and financial reform, and that is what my bill does. 
I would encourage all of my fellow 
Americans in this institution, whether you are a conservative or a liberal, you are a Republican or a Democrat, to note that our brothers and sisters, our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico, are going through tough times, and it is our job to stand with them, not turn our backs. 
If we can pass this bill, it is going to 
be a new day on the island, economic prosperity and opportunity. And then people have a choice to say: Do I want to stay on the island, raise my family on the island, or do I want to leave and come to the mainland? 
The choice is theirs. They won’t be 
forced into that choice just because they don’t have opportunity on the is-land of Puerto Rico. 
I encourage all of my colleagues and 
friends to reach out. Let’s be part of the solution. 
RECOVERING AMERICA  
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, as 
I walked through the airport recently, I noticed a young teenager. She was traveling and was seemingly happy to be involved in whatever activity she was going to. 
She wore a button on her lapel. It 
said: What you do matters. It caught my attention: What you do matters. I liked it. I am not sure what was moti-vating her, but she wanted to commu-nicate an important value to elevate an ideal. I simply admired her willing-ness to take a stand. 
Mr. Speaker, I should say this now, 
though: There is a troubling statistic out there, and a recent survey high-lights this. A majority of Americans do not identify with what America has be-come. Many people feel our country is slipping away. In reality, most want to reclaim the promise of our great Na-tion. 
Contrary to the barrage of nega-
tivity, most people hope for justifiable goals: to regain power over their own lives, to regain power over the govern-ment, and to regain power over their own economic prospects. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the strengths of 
America’s system of government is its capacity for constant replenishment. Opportunities sometimes present themselves unpredictably. That gives us a chance to reassess and realign in new and compelling ways, both to pre-serve important traditions as well as to restore the future promise of our Na-tion. 
A stronger America might be 
glimpsed through what I call four interlocking principles, the first of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.060 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9267 December 10, 2015 
which is government decentralization; 
second, economic inclusion; third, for-eign policy realism; and, fourth, social conservation. 
Let’s take that first point. A return 
to a more decentralized government will restore an important source of America’s strength. When the Federal Government grows beyond its effective purpose, it infringes upon basic liberty, it stifles innovation, it crushes cre-ativity, and it impedes our responsi-bility for one another in the commu-nity. 
A creeping tendency to nationalize 
every conceivable problem and nation-alizing every conceivable discussion erodes the community’s input. While the Federal Government does have an important central role in maintaining the guardrails of societal stability, the rule of law, and a fair opportunity economy, America’s governing system is designed to operate most effectively at varying levels. Those close to an op-portunity or those close to a problem ought to have the first authority to seize the opportunity or to solve the problem. 
Second: economic inclusion. Eco-
nomic inclusion should help America recover from an arthritic economy. You see, Mr. Speaker, when power con-centrates in a Washington Wall Street axis, where the transnational corpora-tion is an emerging ruling entity and where small business—the source of most jobs in America—is suffocated under increasingly complex dictates, the opportunity for a strong and vi-brant marketplace diminishes. A vi-brant market actually expands the space for constructive interdependency and community dynamism, fighting poverty, and driving innovation. 
Third: foreign policy realism. For-
eign policy realism should chart a new course between isolationism and over- interventionism. America has an im-portant leadership role to play on the world stage. Today, however, many Americans are alarmed by an ex-hausted, drifting, and often counter-productive foreign policy. 
After World War II, America was cast 
in the role of the world’s superpower and at great sacrifice. We, as a coun-try, created the space for international order. But now we live in a multi-polar world. Other countries, which we helped empower through our generous sacrifice, must take a seat at the table of responsible nations. 
b1745 
Leveraging America’s strength 
through strategic international part-nerships will help us navigate a 21st century that is marked by ever-shift-ing geopolitical frameworks. 
The fourth point: social conserva-
tion. What does that mean? Social con-servation preserves the condition for order, for opportunity, and for happi-ness. 
We must fight back against dimming 
hope and diminishing opportunity and darkening shadows. A healthy society depends upon more than politics for 
the promotion of sustainable values. America has many mediating institu-tions, as we call it—important civic in-stitutions, if you will—which uphold greater ideas. 
As an example, Mr. Speaker, I am a 
proud, long-time member of the Rotary Club in Lincoln, Nebraska. At every Rotary Club meeting across this coun-try, in which hundreds of thousands of Americans participate, there hangs a banner at the front of the club, and it reads: ‘‘Is it true? Is it fair to all con-cerned? Will it build goodwill and bet-ter friendships? Will it be beneficial to all concerned?’’ 
Perfect. Beautiful. Perhaps we ought 
to hang the banner right here, Mr. Speaker. That is a pretty good game plan. 
As new leadership emerges on the na-
tional stage, perhaps this is the mo-ment to think critically about how we regain the high ground of purposeful government, an opportunity economy, a balanced foreign policy, and a flour-ishing culture in a good society. We need to play all four quarters. 
Ultimately, both the government and 
the marketplace are downstream from our culture; and with a heavy heart, I say this—everyone knows it—Amer-ica’s social fabric is fraying. Many peo-ple are experiencing deepening anxiety about the future direction of the coun-try. The recent attack in San Bernardino has only intensified the feeling. A crazed couple, driven by its twisted religious ideology, murdered indiscriminately those at a social serv-ices center. It is a horrible tragedy and a grotesque irony, and our hearts feel for those who were so gravely harmed. 
A genuine multiculturalism—long a 
hallmark of the American experience— will continue to decay into discord un-less two mutually supporting condi-tions are sustained: a genuine apprecia-tion of organic differences and a bind-ing substructure of universal ideals and shared values. One such value is that we do no harm to others, and a religion that teaches killing is no religion at all. Other important values include trustworthiness, thrift, citizenship, courteousness, and so on. By the way, Mr. Speaker, a helpful list of these ideals, of these virtues, is found in the Boy Scout Law. 
This values crisis is compounding 
this three-part problem of government overreach, economic exclusion, and cultural dislocation. A centralizing government seems decreasingly able to understand, much less address, the needs of its citizens it should serve. In the midst of this divisive political sea-son, partisan dysfunction, and bureau-cratic inertia, it is all hindering the proper progress toward addressing our country’s most pressing problems, and it overshadows important local initia-tives where certain problems can best be solved. Not everything is a Federal issue. A private sector which is consoli-dating corporate power, often under-written by the State, is disenfranchising the small business 
sector. A loss of genuine choice and genuine competition of economic plu-ralism reduces the ability of people to participate, own, and innovate in a marketplace that is truly free and can deliver widespread prosperity. 
A culture of contrasting philoso-
phies, more and more inflamed by caus-tic rhetoric, is contributing to what 
some believe are irreconcilable social divisions. An impoverished account of individualism, of a liberty reduced to autonomous choice and divorced of re-sponsibility creates the conditions for social anarchy, which further creates the conditions for counterproductive government interventions, lawless overreach, and intrusive market ma-nipulations. Then add into this mix a confusing assortment of values choices that are driven more by experimenting elites than by the stability of sound tradition, and you have the recipe for harmful disruption. No wonder there is so much sadness in the world. 
As politicians and the media debate 
policy positions, we must understand that authentic solutions involve a re-turn to essential value propositions. The application of proper principles to these problems would enable us in Washington to better assuage wide-spread and justifiable angst with ap-propriate government policy, with ap-propriate government decentralization, and with dynamic economic inclusion, supported by a hope-filled culture. That is our answer. 
As you enter my State—I live in Ne-
braska—the sign reads: ‘‘. . . the good life.’’ A good life is found in freedom and responsibility. A just and orderly society is founded and sustained by persons who care. What we all do does really matter, just like my young teen-age friend—I would like to call her a ‘‘friend’’—displayed in the airport re-cently. 
Mr. Speaker, late this summer, be-
fore school began, I took my younger children on a family trip to western Nebraska. Near Valentine, Nebraska, which is in an area called the Sandhills, water from the underground aquifer—it is called the Ogallala Aqui-fer—seeps out of the ground and falls dramatically over rock formations and into a stream that then feeds into the Niobrara River. The area is called Fort Falls, and it is a part of the Fort Niobrara National Wildlife Refuge. The stream’s icy cold water flows like a river into the shallow warm water that is running in the Niobrara. What is even more interesting to ponder, as you look around, are the steep slopes on both sides of the beautiful river. On the north bank, rocky hill formations are covered with pine trees. On the south bank, the trees are much dif-ferent. You see the last reach of the eastern deciduous forest, with a mixed variety of plants and hardwood trees just like you would see here in Vir-ginia. It looks like California on one side, and across the river here in Vir-ginia on the other. Right there, where 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.062 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9268 December 10, 2015 
I live in Nebraska, we are the geo-
graphic center of our country, where east meets west. 
As a part of that trip, we also took a 
drive northward into the State of South Dakota, into the Black Hills, to a place called Mount Rushmore. It hap-pened to be the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally that weekend, so I and about 2 million other bikers were on the road. Everyone knows the four faces on Mount Rushmore. Each of the four American Presidents embodied great qualities and faced significant chal-lenges: 
George Washington was a tran-
scendent leader who purposefully walked away from power, giving our early Republic a chance to grow into a vibrant democracy; 
Thomas Jefferson’s life was seem-
ingly full of conflicts and contradic-tions, but his efforts gave rise to the Declaration of Independence, which po-etically expressed an understanding of the dignity and the rights of all per-sons, which so beautifully still informs our culture and our government to this day; 
Abraham Lincoln made a midcourse 
correction in his life. He rejected an early snarky, political, antagonistic attitude and turned toward a vision of that which is noble and good. His rep-utation as a skillful and humble leader extended well beyond the Civil War to many important endeavors, including the development of land grant institu-tions all over this country, like the University of Nebraska; 
Theodore Roosevelt had to rebuild 
his life after his wife died at a young age. His boundless energy, translating into multiple accomplishments, per-haps helped him outpace a haunting melancholy from which he suffered. As an avid hunter, he grew to recognize the importance of wildlife preserva-tion. Beyond the natural places that he preserved, perhaps Roosevelt’s greatest legacy was one of trust busting—break-ing up concentrations of economic power that locked so many Americans out of a fair shot at economic oppor-tunity. 
Four great Presidents. Four men who 
sacrificed greatly to give us what we have today. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, many people in 
the country are experiencing a serious disquiet about all of these challenges that we are facing. They feel discon-nected from the ability to control their own well-being. These concentrations of power are overwhelming the capac-ity of individuals to shape their own environments. Political and economic and cultural cartels are growing more powerful, and, in some ways, they are more hidden and destructive than in Roosevelt’s time. 
Of course, today, political problems 
are on everyone’s mind. This con-centration of power stifles innovation and creativity; and as money flows into the political system, it pays for the po-larization which hinders the ability of our body to find constructive solutions. This transcends, by the way, the cur-
rent partisan divide. 
Our increasingly interconnected 
world offers significant benefits and opportunities to us, but globalization also introduces forces that can leave so many Americans feeling helpless. Transnational corporate conglom-erates, often buttressed by oligarchic political systems, are shrinking the space for genuine choice and competi-tion in the private sphere. As I talked about earlier, the stress of small busi-ness is very real. This concentration of economic power endangers true free market principles, which should be working for the many. 
On a deeper level, America’s political 
disrepair and economic malaise signal an underlying brokenness in our soci-ety, in our culture. Persons—humans— thrive in relationships with our fami-lies and communities in a healthy soci-ety, which creates the preconditions for this human flourishing. Cultural consolidation and social discord have left more and more people, again, feel-ing directionless and feeling alone. Weakening relationships and weak-ening social institutions foreshadow and prefigure political and economic problems. Ultimately, renewing Amer-ica—restoring America’s government and economy—requires reclaiming a vi-brant civil society, which is the true source of our Nation’s strength. 
Mr. Speaker, if you have ever driven 
through those Black Hills, which I spoke of earlier—the one-lane tunnels and winding hairpin turns—they form a very beautiful but a very arduous jour-ney, even without all the motorcycles around you. As you continue that jour-ney, looking for something, an opening then appears in the trees, and you see it—that magnificent piece of art, carved in stone, with four of America’s greatest Presidents. 
Their likenesses are in the rock, 
timeless and unchanging; but the ideals they represent must be reestab-lished in each generation. The renewal of America will depend, in large part, on whether or not we can grasp what these leaders stood for and whether or not we can make the sacrifices nec-essary to reclaim our country’s poten-tial in this time, our time. 
Mr. Speaker, what we all do matters. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 6 p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, December 11, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3740. A letter from the Director, Issuances 
Staff, Office of Policy and Program Develop-ment, Department of Agriculture, transmit-
ting the Department’s final rule — Manda-tory Inspection of Fish of the Order Siluriformes and Products Derived From Such Fish [Docket No.: FSIS-2008-0031] (RIN: 0583-AD36) received December 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3741. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Defense, transmitting notification that the Department intends to assign women to previously closed positions and units across all Services and U.S. Special Op-erations Command, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 652(a); Public Law 109-163, Sec. 541(a)(1); (119 Stat. 3251) and 10 U.S.C. 6035(a); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 573(a)(1); (114 Stat. 1654A-136); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3742. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s semiannual report on the account balance in the Defense Co-operation Account and a listing of personal property contributed, as of September 30, 2015, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2608(i); Public Law 101-403, title II, Sec. 202(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 103-160, Sec. 1105(b)); (107 Stat. 1750); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3743. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s semiannual report on the account balance in the Defense Co-operation Account and a listing of personal property contributed, as of September 30, 2015, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2608(i); Public Law 101-403, title II, Sec. 202(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 103-160, Sec. 1105(b)); (107 Stat. 1750); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3744. A letter from the Comptroller, Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the Of-fice’s annual report on actions taken to carry out Sec. 308 of the Financial Institu-tions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1463 note; Public Law 111-203, Sec. 367(c); (124 Stat. 1556); to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
3745. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s 2013 Report to Congress on Outcome Evaluations of Administration for Native Americans (ANA) Projects, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2992(e); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
3746. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s FY 2015 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101- 576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
3747. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period April 1 through September 30, 2015, pursuant to μ5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. 
Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3748. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s semiannual report to Congress for the period of April 1, 2015, to September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3749. A letter from the Director, Peace 
Corps, transmitting the Corps’ Performance and Accountability Report for Fiscal Year 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3750. A letter from the Acting Adminis-
trator, United States Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.064 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9269 December 10, 2015 
Agency’s Fiscal Year 2015 Agency Financial 
Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3751. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report entitled ‘‘Computation of An-nual Liability Insurance (Including Self-In-surance) Settlement Recovery Threshold’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395y(b)(9)(D); Public Law 112-242, Sec. 202(a)(2); (126 Stat. 2379); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 2406. A bill to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–377, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 560. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the conference report to accom-pany the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–378). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committees on Agriculture, Energy and Commerce, Transportation and In-frastructure, and the Judiciary dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 2406 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. RIGELL (for himself and Mr. 
WELCH ): 
H.R. 4208. A bill to authorize the use of the 
United States Armed Forces against the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Ms. B ASS, Mr. L EWIS, 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL  
of Alabama, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. 
VANHOLLEN ): 
H.R. 4209. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to authorize grants to provide treatment for diabetes in minority communities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PITTENGER: 
H.R. 4210. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to require voting members of the Financial Stability Oversight Council to tes-tify before Congress at least twice each year when requested to do so or to otherwise per-mit certain Members of Congress to attend meetings of the Council whether or not such meetings are open to the public; to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Ms. S
E-
WELL of Alabama): 
H.R. 4211. A bill to require Fannie Mae and 
Freddie Mac to establish procedures for con-sidering certain credit scores in making a determination whether to purchase a resi-dential mortgage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. 
SCHRADER , and Mr. L ANCE ): 
H.R. 4212. A bill to establish a Community- 
Based Institutional Special Needs Plan dem-onstration program to target home and com-munity-based care to eligible Medicare bene-ficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. 
P
IERLUISI , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut, and Mr. S ERRANO ): 
H.R. 4213. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make residents of Puer-to Rico eligible for the earned income tax credit and to provide for equitable treatment for residents of Puerto Rico with respect to the refundable portion of the child tax cred-it; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 4214. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the excise tax and special occupational tax in respect of firearms and to increase the transfer tax on any other weapon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Re-sources, the Judiciary, Energy and Com-merce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
B
ASS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mrs. C APPS , Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. B EYER , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C APUANO , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ECK of Wash-
ington, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L AR-SENof Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
MOULTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  
of New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. N EAL, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Miss R ICEof 
New York, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. S HERMAN , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California, Mr. W ELCH , 
and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 4215. A bill to require regulation of 
wastes associated with the exploration, de-velopment, or production of crude oil, nat-ural gas, or geothermal energy under the Solid Waste Disposal Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself and Mr. 
S
TIVERS ): 
H.R. 4216. A bill to protect the investment 
choices of American investors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BERA: 
H.R. 4217. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to determine eligibility for health insurance subsidies without regard to amounts included in income by reason of conversion to a Roth IRA; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. 
S
MITH of Texas, Mr. B ARLETTA , and 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS ): 
H.R. 4218. A bill to suspend the admission 
to the United States of refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself and 
Mr. M
EEKS ): 
H.R. 4219. A bill to authorize the extension 
of nondiscriminatory treatment (normal trade relations treatment) to the products of Kazakhstan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BUCK (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. L UMMIS , 
Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. T IPTON ): 
H.R. 4220. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 4221. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to restore National SMART Grants for a certain number of award years; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 4222. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to carry out a pilot program under which higher education savings ac-counts are established for the benefit of eli-gible secondary school students; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10DE7.000 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9270 December 10, 2015 
Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for 
herself, Ms. L
EE, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T AKANO , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia): 
H.R. 4223. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to reinstate the authority of the Secretary of Education to make Fed-eral Direct Stafford Loans to graduate and professional students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 4224. A bill to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Olsin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Court-house’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. 
N
ADLER , and Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia): 
H.R. 4225. A bill to amend title 28 of the 
United States Code to authorize the appoint-ment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self and Ms. G
RAHAM ): 
H.R. 4226. A bill to amend the Agricultural 
Act of 2014 to provide relief for agricultural producers adversely impacted by the Ori-ental fruit fly; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 4227. A bill to enhance beneficiary and 
provider protections and improve trans-parency in the Medicare Advantage market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself and 
Mr. L AMALFA ): 
H.R. 4228. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to establish additional require-ments for certain transportation projects with estimated costs of $2,500,000,000 or more, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. 
C
ICILLINE ): 
H.R. 4229. A bill to address the continued 
threat posed by dangerous synthetic drugs by amending the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 4230. A bill to authorize the establish-
ment of the Stonewall National Historic Site in the State of New York as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 4231. A bill to direct the Librarian of 
Congress to obtain a stained glass panel de-picting the seal of the District of Columbia and install the panel among the stained glass panels depicting the seals of States which overlook the Main Reading Room of the Li-brary of Congress Thomas Jefferson Build-ing; to the Committee on House Administra-tion, and in addition to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 4232. A bill to amend the Public Util-
ity Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the consideration by State regulatory au-thorities and nonregulated electric utilities of whether subsidies should be provided for the deployment, construction, maintenance, or operation of a customer-side technology; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. I
SSA, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R OYCE , 
and Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 4233. A bill to eliminate an unused 
lighthouse reservation, provide management consistency by incorporating the rocks and small islands along the coast of Orange County, California, into the California Coastal National Monument managed by the Bureau of Land Management, and meet the original Congressional intent of preserving Orange County’s rocks and small islands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SARBANES: 
H.R. 4234. A bill to establish a demonstra-
tion program to facilitate physician reentry into clinical practice to provide primary health services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Ms. 
M
ATSUI , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. E LLISON , 
and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): 
H.R. 4235. A bill to amend the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to provide for greater spousal protection under defined contribution plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. 
C
ROWLEY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Ms. M ENG, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. 
HASTINGS ): 
H.R. 4236. A bill to promote savings by pro-
viding a tax credit for eligible taxpayers who contribute to savings products and to facili-tate taxpayers receiving this credit and open a designated savings product when they file their Federal income tax returns; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN , Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H. Res. 561. A resolution expressing support 
for support of transgender acceptance; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C OSTA , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S HERMAN , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
H. Res. 562. A resolution recognizing the 
67th anniversary of the Universal Declara-tion of Human Rights and the celebration of ‘‘Human Rights Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. M
EEKS , and Mr. C OHEN ): 
H. Res. 563. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States and the Republic of Belarus should establish full diplomatic rela-tions; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RIGELL: 
H.R. 4208. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 11: To declare 
War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 4209. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution and 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. PITTENGER: 
H.R. 4210. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 1: All legislative Powers 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 4211. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
U.S. Constitution to regulate commerce. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 4212. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 4213. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 4214. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10DE7.100 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9271 December 10, 2015 
Article I of the Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 4215. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 4216. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. BERA: 
H.R. 4217. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Clause 8 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 4218. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—necessary and proper 
clause 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 4219. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. BUCK: 
H.R. 4220. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the com-mon Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 4221. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 4222. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: 
H.R. 4223. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 or Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 4224. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution, which states that Con-gress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 4225. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: 
H.R. 4226. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 4227. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: 
H.R. 4228. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H.R. 4229. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 4230. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clauses 1, 17, and 18. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 4231. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 4232. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 4233. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the 
United States Constitution, which gives Con-gress the ‘‘Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belongings to the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. SARBANES: 
H.R. 4234. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 4235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 4236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, which states that that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises . . .’’ In addition, this legislation is in-troduced pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof.’’ ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 402: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 465: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 563: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K NIGHT , and 
Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 592: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 595: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 721: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 731: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 769: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
ROHRABACHER . 
H.R. 815: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 835: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 902: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 985: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1095: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1116: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. G ALLEGO and Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 1282: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1331: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1439: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1475: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. K EATING and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1550: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1654: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. J ENKINS  
of Kansas, and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-
sas, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. 
MEEKS . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, and Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1923: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1940: Mr. J EFFRIES and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2016: Ms. E DWARDS and Mrs. D AVIS of 
California. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. M EEKS  
and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 2114: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 2187: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2209: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2218: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 2237: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2283: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C ONYERS , and 
Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 2366: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L AHOOD. 
H.R. 2461: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2622: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 2648: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2871: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 2872: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 2880: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2902: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico. 
H.R. 2978: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
FUDGE , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. 
LEVIN. 
H.R. 2992: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3053: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 3067: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 3068: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3084: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 3156: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.017 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9272 December 10, 2015 
H.R. 3158: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 3179: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 3180: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 3226: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 3290: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3303: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 3310: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 3321: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 3326: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3338: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 3339: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3406: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3411: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3437: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 3535: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3640: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 3648: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3660: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 3694: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 3706: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 3719: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 3722: Mr. S CHWEIKERT and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . 
H.R. 3784: Mr. K ILDEE and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 3832: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 3856: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 3870: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 3886: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3913: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 3926: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
NADLER , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 3929: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 3957: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 3964: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 4018: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. K ELLY  
of Mississippi. 
H.R. 4040: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 4042: Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas and 
Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 4057: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 4080: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 4086: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 4087: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. H UN-
TER, and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 4117: Mr. M EEKS , 
H.R. 4124: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 4135: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 4140: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida. 
H.R. 4144: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 4162: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 4177: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 4179: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 4185: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
COOK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 4197: Mr. M ICA, Mr. M ARCHANT , and 
Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. C OURT -
NEY. 
H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. D OLD, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S TEW-
ART, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ENACCI , 
Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H. Res. 14: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. A MASH , and 
Mr. C LAY. 
H. Res. 145: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 220: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H. Res. 346: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS and 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 364: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 383: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 386: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H. Res. 523: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H. Res. 528: Ms. L EE, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H. Res. 541: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M EEKS , 
and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 552: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H. Res. 553: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. H ECKof 
Nevada. 
H. Res. 554: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
BEN RAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H. Res. 559: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina 
and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 3094: Mr. M ICA. 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
38. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would clarify that a declaration of martial law, or a suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, does not immunize the President of the United States from any process of invol-untary removal from the office of President that is contained within the Constitution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.026 H10DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8563 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2015 No. 179 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, we place our trust in 
You. During this season, when we sing about good will toward humanity, many forces seek to turn that dream into a nightmare. Make our lawmakers instruments of 
Your peace. Where there is discord, may they bring harmony. Where there is cynicism, may they bring faith. Where there is sadness, may they bring joy. And where there is despair, may they bring hope. Use these stewards of liberty to make the rough places smooth and the crooked places straight. 
Lord, thank You for bringing hope to 
the helpless and for hearing and com-forting the oppressed. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
NOTICE 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congres-
sional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
to insert statements. 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
the signed statement, or by e-mail to the Official Reporters of Debates at ‘‘Record@Sec.Senate.gov’’. 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by e-mail, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/research-and-reference/transcripts-and-records/electronic-congressional-record-inserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
By order of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
GREGG HARPER, Chairman. 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 3 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak 
therein for up to 10 minutes each. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.000 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8564 December 10, 2015 
DISCRIMINATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, yesterday 
the Supreme Court heard oral argu-ments in the case of Fisher v. Univer-sity of Texas. In that case the plaintiff was challenging the affirmative action program the University of Texas has. 
During those oral arguments, con-
servative Justice Scalia asked whether 
affirmative action harms minority stu-dents by placing them in environments that are too academically challenging for them. Justice Scalia said the fol-lowing about African-American stu-dents: ‘‘There are those who contend that it does not benefit African Ameri-cans to get them into the University of Texas where they do not do well, as op-posed to having them go to a less ad-vanced school, a slower-track school where they do well.’’ 
Justice Scalia further argued that 
African-American students ‘‘come from lesser schools where they do not feel that they’re . . . being pushed ahead in . . . classes that are too . . . fast for them’’ and that the University of Texas should not take really qualified African-American students because that means ‘‘the number of . . . really competent blacks admitted to lesser schools turns out to be less.’’ 
But that wasn’t enough. This is what 
else he said: ‘‘I don’t think it stands to reason that it’s a good thing for the University of Texas to admit as many blacks as possible.’’ 
It is stunning that a man of his intel-
lect—and I have always acknowledged his intellect, but these ideas that he pronounced yesterday are racist in ap-plication if not intent. I don’t know about his intent, but it is deeply dis-turbing to hear a Supreme Court Jus-tice endorse racist ideas from the bench of the Nation’s highest Court. His endorsement of racist theories has frightening ramifications, not the least of which is to undermine the academic achievements of Americans, African Americans especially. 
Earlier this week I spoke about the 
Republican platform, which has a lot of hate in it. As we speak, Donald Trump is proposing to ban Muslim immigra-tion. Other leading candidates are pro-posing religious tests, tossing around slurs on a daily basis. 
The top two Republican leaders in 
the United States have said they will support Donald Trump if he is nomi-nated. And now a Republican-appointed Justice is endorsing racist ideas from the Supreme Court bench. The only dif-ference between the ideas endorsed by Trump and Scalia is that Scalia has a robe and a lifetime appointment. Ideas such as these don’t belong on the Inter-net, let alone the mouths of the Na-tion’s leaders. 
The idea that African-American stu-
dents are somehow inherently intellec-tually inferior to other students is des-picable. It is a throwback to a time that America left behind half a century ago. The idea that we should be push-ing well-qualified African-American students out of the top universities into lesser schools is unacceptable. 
That Justice Scalia could raise such an uninformed idea shows just how out of touch he is with the values of this Na-tion. It goes without saying that an Af-rican-American student has the same potential to succeed in an academi-cally challenging environment as any other student. 
I firmly continue to believe the 
United States of America is the great-est Nation in the world because of our ability to embrace men and women of diverse backgrounds and provide them with the opportunity to succeed. Col-leges and universities that welcome di-versity provide their students with an opportunity many in the world can never hope to obtain. Learning with people from different backgrounds spurs creativity and innovation. Re-search has shown that increased racial diversity on campuses produces higher levels of academic achievement for all students, and Fortune 500 companies agree that embracing diversity is good for the bottom line. 
The Supreme Court previously has 
acknowledged that diversity provides a substantial and compelling contribu-tion to our educational system. Yet 
Justice Scalia’s comments paint a pic-ture of two disturbing realities. 
Despite the progress our Nation has 
made on diversity and inclusion, there is still much work to do to ensure we are giving every American a fair shot regardless of race, ethnicity, or reli-gion. As a nation, we still have the re-sponsibility to direct adequate re-sources to our educational system to prepare all students for higher edu-cation. 
Generations of discrimination and le-
gally sanctioned inequality have pro-duced racial disparities in our edu-cational system—sad but true. These disparities must be addressed by em-bracing diversity in our schools, work-places, markets, and neighborhoods while investing in adequate resources for all students, from pre-K to higher education. 
Our Nation was founded on the val-
ues of liberty, justice, and equality. Justice Scalia’s distressing comments are a reminder that we must remain vigilant to safeguard opportunity for all Americans. Embracing diversity is not only the right thing to do, it is the American way. 
Lyndon Johnson said: 
It is not enough just to open the gates of 
opportunity. All our citizens must have the ability to walk through those gates. 
It is our responsibility as a nation to 
open the gates of opportunity for all Americans, in spite of what Justice Scalia said yesterday. 
Mr. President, has the Chair an-
nounced the business of the day? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has 
been announced. 
Mr. REID. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE NEW 
SENATE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
what a difference a new Senate can make—what a difference. 
Some may have thought Washington 
would never agree on a replacement for No Child Left Behind. Years of inaction on the Senate floor gave ample cause for doubt. Some may have been skep-tical when a new Senate with a new ap-proach resolved to finally solve the problem—but no longer. 
Yesterday, the new Senate voted 
overwhelmingly to deliver the most significant K–12 education reform in well over a decade. The President will sign the bipartisan Every Student Suc-ceeds Act later this morning. 
Here is what this bipartisan law will 
do: replace a broken law with conserv-ative reform that will help students succeed instead of helping Washington grow. That means swapping one-size- fits-all Federal mandates for greater State and local flexibility. That means bringing an end to the ability of far-away bureaucrats to impose common core. That means strengthening char-ter schools. That means putting edu-cation back in the hands of those who know students’ needs best—parents, teachers, States, and school boards. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act is 
conservative reform passed on a bipar-tisan basis. The Wall Street Journal calls it ‘‘the largest devolution of fed-eral control to the states in a quarter- century,’’ and it is an important achievement for our kids and for our country. 
So I want to thank again the Sen-
ators who worked together to make this possible—Senator A
LEXANDER , a 
Republican from Tennessee, and Sen-ator M
URRAY , a Democrat from Wash-
ington. They took advantage of the op-portunities a new and more open Sen-ate provided. They put good legislation together and then placed personal stakes in its success. They worked hard. They labored over many months, and they didn’t lose sight of what a legislative exercise like this one should really be about: good policy, better outcomes for our country, and, with the bill we passed yesterday—the bill the President will sign today—greater opportunities for every student to suc-ceed. 
Senator A
LEXANDER was right when 
he said that ‘‘this bill is just one more example that Congress is back to work.’’ It is worth noting a point he made the other day as well: ‘‘This has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.002 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8565 December 10, 2015 
been one of the most productive Senate 
years in a long time,’’ he said. ‘‘The Republican Senate majority is making a real difference, particularly [for] 100,000 public schools, [for] 3.5 million teachers, and [for] 50 million children.’’ 
But perhaps the American people are 
wondering why. Perhaps they are won-dering why the Senate is suddenly back to work this year. Perhaps they are wondering why some issues are sud-denly passing now when they weren’t passing previously. Let me turn back to the rest of what Senator A
LEXANDER  
said, because I think the answer for a bill like ESSA is really quite simple. ‘‘We’re doing it,’’ he said, ‘‘by working in a bipartisan way with our col-leagues, which is, I think, the way the American people want us to govern.’’ 
Here is the idea. Give Senators of 
both parties more of a say in the proc-ess, and Senators of both parties are likely to take more of a stake in the outcome. That is why, on this bill, we saw a more open process that started way back in the committee stage. Sen-ator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY , 
the top Republican and the top Demo-crat on the education committee, un-derstood that No Child Left Behind had to be fixed after years of inaction. So they worked together on a bipartisan basis, and the Senate passed the most significant K–12 education reform in years. 
Take another example. Senator 
I
NHOFE and Senator B OXER , the top Re-
publican and top Democrat on the pub-lic works committee, understood that crumbling roads and bridges had to be fixed after years of inaction. So they worked together on a bipartisan basis, and the Senate passed the first long- term transportation bill in a decade. 
How about this one: Senator B
URR 
and Senator F EINSTEIN , the top Repub-
lican and top Democrat on the Intel-ligence Committee, understood that Americans’ online privacy and finan-cial transactions deserved some protec-tion after years of inaction. So they worked together on a bipartisan basis, and the Senate passed an important cyber security bill. 
Across the new Congress, we saw sev-
eral other stuck issues come unstuck too: a decisive end to Washington’s an-nual doc fix drama, strong action to help knock down foreign trade barriers, and extending a hand of compassion to victims of modern slavery. All of it passed in the new Congress, and all of it passed on a bipartisan basis. 
Now, let me be clear. No one is say-
ing that all of the Senate’s challenges have been ironed out. Of course we know that our work is ongoing. Of course we know there will always be bumps along the way. 
But here is what we can say for sure. 
The new Senate has taken serious steps to foster a more open atmosphere on many issues. The new Senate has seen real progress made for our country, often on a bipartisan basis, and we are proud of that. We are proud of that. Whether we are Republican or Demo-crat, I think that is something we can 
all take pride in as Americans. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to highlight the positive change our new Republican majority has brought to the U.S. Senate in 2015. 
As a first-year Senator—and I will re-
mind everybody that I spent a lot of time on the other side of the Capitol observing the Senate—I came to the body looking to improve this institu-tion that for far too long was not work-ing for American families. Not only did the Senate fail to pass legislation that would help our seniors, students, and workers, it failed to even debate crit-ical issues. Looking from the House side across the hall in the Capitol, we really couldn’t understand that. 
In 2014 the Senate only voted on 15 
amendments. This year, under new leadership, we have taken hundreds of amendment votes and committees are hard at work. We debated issues, clear-ly stated our policy priorities, and broke the gridlock that defined the previous Congress. 
Allowing Senators from both sides of 
the aisle to offer amendments, partici-pate in the process, and take votes is the best way to achieve bipartisan leg-islation. It is common sense. Isn’t that the way it is supposed to be? It is kind of how I thought it should be, and I am glad to know that this year, that is what we are doing. Working together is the only way to enact policies that will improve the lives of the American peo-ple. 
The new Senate work has borne tre-
mendous fruit, particularly in the past week. We passed the first major over-haul of elementary and secondary edu-cation in more than a decade, and the President is poised to sign this into law. Eighty-five Senators voted for it; that is a big bipartisan majority. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act 
strikes the proper balance between flexibility and accountability. The bill ends education waivers and the Federal common core mandate that had turned Washington bureaucrats into basically a national school board. No one cares more about a student’s success than a child’s parents and their teachers, and those closest to our children should be the ones empowered to make those de-cisions. At the same time, account-
ability matters. 
I have three children who went 
through the school system, and testing done properly is a good thing. A parent wants to know where their child stands. We want to know what their weaknesses and successes are, and we want to know where the school stands. But under this bill, States will have multiple measures of student achieve-ment, not just testing. Test results will just be a part of that evaluation, and States will have broad discretion to measure other factors. High schools will now report on the rate of grad-uates going on to higher education. Whether graduates are prepared to con-tinue education is, in my view, an im-portant measure of success. 
This bill also recognizes the impor-
tance of technology and education, not just in the classroom but also at home. It includes language that Senator K
ING 
and I introduced to study the home-work gap. Students who lack access to fast and reliable broadband at home need to be able to continue learning outside the classroom. 
If the teacher gives an assignment 
and students are given a device and they take it home, if they don’t have the connectivity, they are behind. But if they do have the connectivity—the access—they can continue their edu-cation at home and be prepared the next day. 
States will now have flexibility to 
use Federal resources to improve this access to technology. This is a signifi-cant step forward, I think, for the edu-cation system that is outdated and out of step with the needs of our students. It is particularly hard-hitting in rural communities. 
Last week we passed and the Presi-
dent signed the first long-term high-way bill in 17 years. Since 2009, Con-gress has lurched from one short-term patch to another, leaving officials across the country unable to plan fu-ture highway and transit projects. 
The shameful inability to make a 
lasting investment in our infrastruc-ture came to an end last week. The FAST Act invests $2.5 billion in West Virginia’s roads and bridges over 5 years. I can say after going home last weekend that the biggest issue raised to me in a congratulatory way was this: Thank you for passing the high-way bill. With it, the completion of Route 35 in West Virginia and Corridor H will bring economic potential to our State. Key projects such as the King Coal Highway and the Coalfields Ex-pressway will help isolated commu-nities attract businesses and provide jobs. States will also now have more flexibility, which is exactly what they want and need, to spend Federal dol-lars. 
New permitting reforms will help 
taxpayer dollars go farther and enable projects to be completed more quickly. Time is money, and if we can complete in a shorter time span and do the regu-latory obligations at the same time— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.003 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8566 December 10, 2015 
concurrently—it can save States, the 
Federal Government, and localities money. 
This highway bill is truly a jobs bill 
not only for the workers who will build and repair America’s roads and bridges, but these investments will also bring broader economic benefits to our com-munities. 
Another good thing this bill does 
that will help further job growth in West Virginia is it reauthorizes the Ap-palachian Regional Commission. This reauthorization includes bipartisan language to establish a high-speed broadband development initiative for underserved areas in Appalachia. 
Just this Sunday, the Charleston Ga-
zette-Mail wrote about how the lack of broadband was hindering efforts to pro-vide telemedicine in small West Vir-ginia towns. The ARC reauthorization is a tangible step towards getting this region connected. Broadband access can power these communities. 
So passage of the education and high-
way bills are tremendous recent achievements, and they follow earlier bipartisan accomplishments this year. 
With our entitlement programs hur-
dling towards bankruptcy, it was im-portant for Congress to act. In April, we permanently eliminated Medicare’s sustainable growth rate, or SGR, put-ting an end to the long series of tem-porary patches that had vexed our Na-tion’s seniors and doctors. These re-forms will encourage competition, save taxpayer dollars, and provide a more reliable system for our seniors. We know there is more to do, but this marks a good first step to preserve Medicare for future generations. 
This same legislation extended fund-
ing for the Children’s Health Insurance Program—a program I have been inti-mately involved with in West Virginia since my early days as a member of the house of delegates. 
We passed legislation to help vet-
erans heal from the unseen wounds of war and to support victims of human trafficking. 
We renewed trade promotion author-
ity to facilitate new trade agreements that can expand American jobs. And we did all of this by working together to find common ground on behalf of the people we serve. 
Even when consensus cannot be 
achieved or the President chooses to go it alone, the Senate should debate the tough issues and show the American people where we stand. We say where we stand when we are running for elec-tion. We should be saying where we stand now that we are elected. We shouldn’t be shying away from that. 
The President’s relentless environ-
mental campaign to expand Wash-ington bureaucracy at the expense of our economy is an issue I have been deeply concerned about. Energy-pro-ducing States have been hit the hard-est. My State of West Virginia now has the largest and highest unemployment rate after enduring thousands of lay-offs and WARN notices. Nationwide, coal mining employment has dropped 
by 30 percent since 2011. When I was a Member of the House of Representa-tives, I took action to rein in the Presi-dent’s regulatory agenda, but often leg-islation that passed the House could not garner enough support here in the Senate. 
So as a newly elected Senator, I com-
mitted to change that and to lead the legislative response to protect afford-able, reliable energy. Just last month, we succeeded. The Senate passed two resolutions to avoid the Clean Power Plan that are now headed to the Presi-dent’s desk, including the one that I led. Under new leadership, the Senate strongly opposed policies that are dev-astating our energy economy and have negligible environmental benefit. 
ObamaCare is another costly disaster 
that has placed great burdens on the American people. The new Republican- led Senate recently delivered on its promise to pass legislation that repeals the broken law. Basically, ObamaCare is failing. Americans are facing sky-rocketing premiums and deductibles. Countless people have lost access to the doctor and health care plan of their choice. Even insurance companies are threatening to pull out of the system, and the Nation’s largest one is one of those. 
President Obama and the Democrats 
are fighting to use taxpayers’ dollars to bail out the big insurance companies in a misguided attempt to save their 
failed health care policy. 
The repeal legislation we passed last 
week would reduce taxes by more than $1 trillion, strengthen Medicare, and provide significant resources for a problem plaguing our country—sub-stance abuse and mental health treat-ment. We know the President will veto the bill, but new leadership in the Sen-ate has put a repeal bill on his desk for the first time. And this legislation will serve as a model for efforts to repeal and replace ObamaCare in the next Congress. 
This year, we have addressed the con-
cerns of many Americans and the seri-ous challenges that we face. We have solved problems and delivered real re-sults. And under Leader M
CCONNELL ’s 
management, we have been able to de-bate critical issues on behalf of the Americans we serve, offer new reforms and ideas through the amendment process, and enact important bipar-tisan legislation. 
But this is just the beginning. While 
much has been accomplished, our work is far from done, and I look forward to building on this record of bipartisan achievement in the year ahead. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. MENTAL HEALTH CARE 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
rise to talk about an opportunity we have in the midst of all the negotia-tions going on to do something incred-ibly meaningful, that has bipartisan support, and literally will address a group of diseases that affect one out of four people every year—one out of four people who work here, one out of four people in our families. A set of diseases right now for which less than 40 per-cent of those with the disease get the treatment they need, but when they do, it is manageable and they can go on and lead productive lives. What I am talking about is mental illness. One out of four people every year has some kind of mental illness which is treat-able and with medications and with treatment—just like any other dis-ease—can allow someone to go on and live their life. 
We have started the process in public 
policy of doing what we call mental health parity by saying now that insur-ance can’t discriminate whether it is a behavioral disease, mental health, sub-stance abuse or physical health, but we don’t yet have the services in the com-munity. So what happens is we pay dearly. Not only do individuals pay with their lives, their livelihoods, their families, and communities pay, but we pay as taxpayers. 
It was interesting to me, speaking at 
a conference a couple of days ago here in DC with law enforcement and men-tal health professionals coming to-gether, to hear about the Cook County Jail in Chicago, a huge facility. The sheriff there now has appointed a psy-chiatrist as the director of the jail. Why? Because one-third of the people housed in the jail have psychiatric problems. They shouldn’t be in the jail. They may have committed some minor infraction because they didn’t have a job or maybe they were on the street. Maybe they were hearing voices in their head and didn’t hear the police officer and didn’t respond in a way—or where it was considered belligerent. We now know from papers today in Michi-gan that studies show that people who are mentally ill are 16 times more like-ly to be killed in a year by a police of-ficer. I am not suggesting that it is at 
all on purpose but it is because of the nature of the behavioral problems and what ends up happening in the real world when people aren’t getting the treatments they need. We know what happens in terms of violence and peo-ple committing crimes, although some-one who has a mental health disease is much more likely to be a victim than a perpetrator. 
We have people in the emergency 
rooms of our hospitals. I have talked to hospital administrators and doctors who say what we need is to make sure we have a 24-hour emergency psy-chiatric facility, a place where some-one can go or family members can call or the police can use if they find some-one who needs help, not the hospital emergency room and certainly not the jail. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.006 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8567 December 10, 2015 
The good news is that we have start-
ed a bipartisan effort that can fix this. My partner and colleague in this, Sen-ator B
LUNT , and I, over a year ago, au-
thored a provision that was passed by the House and Senate to begin some-thing called the Excellence in Mental Health Act. We now have in law a defi-nition of quality behavioral health services. We have federally qualified health centers in the community where people without insurance can go and get preventive care and get the phys-ical health services they need, but the health clinics can’t get reimbursed for mental health or substance abuse serv-ices. So we now have a definition. We 
have standards for what quality behav-ioral health care, mental health, and substance abuse care looks like. We have standards. We begin to provide dollars so that communities can pro-vide those services if they meet the standards. 
A couple of years ago when we put 
together money for the first step by saying we are going to provide money for 8 States to be able to meet those standards—8 out of 50—the good news was that half the States in the country responded and said: We want to be one of those eight States. Twenty-four States across our country now have signed up. They have received planning grants to assess their community men-tal health services, what they are doing, and how they can meet these new high standards, how they can make sure they include 24-hour psy-chiatric emergency services in their community so their citizens have the help they need as well as ongoing help for families and individuals. Twenty- four States have said: Sign me up. We are willing to do the work. 
We have funding for eight of those 
States to actually be able to do it, to change lives; eight of those States to be able to provide services, treatment, hope for individual families, help for the sheriff, and relief for the emer-gency room. What we are proposing now and what is under consideration is to fund the 24 States. We have 24 States that have stepped forward. Let’s provide them the resources. In the con-text of what we are talking about in the budget, it is a very small amount of money. We could say to the commu-nities across this country and virtually half of the States that we are going to give them the resources to meet higher quality standards, to be able to provide the services desperately needed for one out of four people every year who have some kind of mental illness. The rami-fications of doing nothing are severe in so many ways. 
The reality is that we are at a point 
where we have the opportunity to say that as a country we are going to rec-ognize and treat diseases above the neck the same as diseases below the neck and support communities that step up with higher quality standards and services. In the world in which we live, this would be a huge bipartisan victory. I know this is under discussion, and I 
am hopeful that as the leadership moves forward, they will join us—the bipartisan coalition in the House and the Senate—in saying yes to give the people an opportunity to live their lives, be successful, work, and manage their diseases in the community just like any other disease. 
I wish to say in closing that if you 
are a diabetic, you check your insulin every day. If you check your sugar and take your insulin, you manage your disease. It is not debilitating. You can go out and live your life. I imagine there are many people who work in the Senate who are managing diabetes. You can do the same thing if you are bipolar. It is a chemical imbalance of the brain. It is just a different organ, a different part of the body. If, in fact, you have the medication to stabilize and you have the support and treat-ment you need, you can manage that disease, go on with your life, be suc-cessful, work, have a family, and be able to live with dignity. That is what we are talking about. We are talking about giving people who have diseases in the brain the same opportunity for treatment and management of those diseases to live healthy, hopeful, suc-cessful lives as we do for people who have diseases in any other organ of the body. We have the opportunity to do that. At the end of next week, I deeply hope we will be able to celebrate that we have done something incredibly im-portant for families across America. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Indiana. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, this is the 
29th time I have been on the floor over this current session to address what is called, ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ Twenty- nine weeks of this year, I have been on the Senate floor talking about exam-ples of how the Federal Government wastes taxpayers’ money through waste, fraud, and abuse. I have laid out specific examples. 
Some changes have been made in pro-
grams as a result of the publicity it has received not just from me but from the accounting offices that are doing the checking and the inspectors general who are doing the checking. 
Sometimes I wonder if anybody is lis-
tening, but I am very encouraged by the fact that a number of us now, in-cluding the Presiding Officer, are talk-ing about this issue. I hope every Mem-ber in this body, all 100 of us, start thinking about ways in which we can make our Federal Government more ef-ficient and effective and stop wasting through fraud and abuse, stop wasting taxpayer dollars. I don’t want to keep doing this, but I am going to keep doing this until there is a majority and hopefully a unanimous clarion call say-ing: Let’s clean up this government. Let’s go after this waste, fraud, and abuse. In terms of examples, we have now 
totaled well over $100 billion. We are coming up with much higher numbers as we come down to the floor every week. The Presiding Officer just issued a book, which I think every Member of this body ought to read, collecting other examples of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
All of this is really in honor of a 
former Member, Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, who really led the charge on this issue. I regret that Tom is not still a Member of the Senate. He had a way of digging out this information that was commendable. He would come to the floor and make a persuasive case through the illustration of various forms of abuse of the taxpayers’ dol-lars. 
A number of my colleagues are pick-
ing up the clarion call. As I said, we need all 100 of us to come to the con-clusion that we don’t have to stand here and say we are doing everything we possibly can to manage the people’s money when we know that is not true, when we know that inspectors general of virtually every agency in the gov-ernment have come up with reports that simply say ‘‘Why in the world are you doing this in the first place?’’ or ‘‘Look at this amount of fraud.’’ 
One-hundred billion dollars or more 
is just a drop in the budget, so we are going to continue to expose this waste. Today I had hoped this 29th waste of the week would be the last one of this calendar year, but it looks as if we might be here 1 more week, so we will get the 30th in next week if necessary. 
Recently, the inspector general for 
the Department of Housing and Urban Development conducted a series of au-dits on HUD’s multibillion-dollar port-folio. The results that have been print-ed are deeply troubling. After review-ing HUD’s books, the inspector general found that the agency’s finances are missing records, contain inaccurate in-formation, and have even violated Fed-eral laws. He acknowledged that HUD’s accounting has lacked appropriate oversight for a long time. This has been going on for a long time. 
Let me quote from his report: 
Multiple deficiencies existed in HUD’s in-
ternal controls over financial reporting, re-sulting in misstatements on financial state-ments, noncompliance laws and regulations. We have reported on HUD’s administrative control of funds in our audit reports and management reports since fiscal year 2005. HUD continued to not have a fully imple-mented and complete administrative control of funds system that provided oversight of both obligations and disbursements. 
This was exposed in 2005. Ten years 
later, they are still having the prob-lem. They still haven’t cleaned up their act. 
This is just one agency. Maybe this is 
the worst agency—I don’t know—in terms of being irresponsible and how they spend money, but I doubt it. I sus-pect that this statement could have been made by a number of our agen-cies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.007 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8568 December 10, 2015 
I wish to highlight a couple of spe-
cific examples from the inspector gen-eral’s audits. 
One audit examined HUD’s Govern-
ment National Mortgage Administra-tion, commonly known as Ginnie Mae. Ginnie Mae buys mortgages from banks and institutions, bundles those mort-gages together, and then sells portions of those bundles to investors. These mortgage-backed securities are fully backed by U.S. Government guaran-tees. 
The IG’s audit bluntly noted that 
HUD’s financial records are so bad that it was not even possible to audit the entirety of Ginnie Mae’s $25.2 billion portfolio. In other words, the record-keeping for the transactions that took place under HUD was in such disarray, so bad, they couldn’t even provide an audit that correctly addressed the problem. From what the IG could re-view, it found Ginnie Mae’s finances contained nine material weaknesses, eight significant deficiencies in inter-nal controls, and six instances of non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations. After reviewing Ginnie Mae’s 2015 finances, the inspector gen-eral found over $1 billion in abuse and inefficiencies. 
If this had happened to any business 
in America other than the Federal Government, either the business would be bankrupt, the stockholders would have depleted its value, or the board of trustees would have fired its manager. They would have had to reorganize the entire—no way can you run a business this way. No way would it be possible to run it. This would happen only in the Federal Government because we can print money and we can keep it flowing into HUD and these other agen-cies. And for the 10 years since it was disclosed, they have continued the same practices that have gone on be-fore that don’t even allow us the abil-ity to fully understand what they are even doing. They have been warned about it, and they have been talked to about it. They said they are going to clean it up, but it continues. 
Let me give another example. The IG 
also found waste and fraud and mis-management involving HUD’s tax-payer-subsidized housing benefits. The low-income housing program provides affordable housing for households with incomes less than 80 percent of the me-dian income for the area. This program has helped many families put a roof over their head through the years. Un-fortunately, because of a loophole in HUD’s review policies, households that have too high an income and thus are not qualified to receive Federal sup-port have been able to remain in the taxpayer-subsidized Federal housing program. 
The inspector general of HUD found 
that more than 25,000 over-income fam-ilies were living in HUD taxpayer-sub-sidized housing in 2014 alone. So over 25,000 people who don’t qualify for the program any longer because their in-come has improved are still living under the subsidized housing program, 
which is providing subsidies to them that they are no longer qualified to re-ceive. 
One doesn’t actually have to have a 
low income to participate in this tax-payer-subsidized low-income housing; they simply had to have a low income when they applied. But hopefully this helped them as they were having in-come problems and financial prob-lems—those who are able to come out of the system and who receive a larger income and therefore no longer qualify retained the subsidies, and HUD never took action to basically determine that they no longer qualify for this. There were over 25,000 specific incidents. 
In a specific example in New York 
City, the program’s income ceiling for a four-person household is just a little over $67,000. Yet a New York family was legally able to remain in public housing when their annual income was nearly $500,000. In fact, they owned real estate that produced over $790,000 in rental income within only 4 years. So people who had qualified for this had achieved tremendous financial suc-cess—from what source, I am not ex-actly sure. They have moved from a program that said you have to have in-come below $67,000 to qualify. Their in-come was over $500,000, and yet they still retained their qualification. 
Let’s look at a small town. In Oxford, 
NE, a single-person household earned over $65,000 annually and had assets of nearly $1.6 million—far higher than the city’s income cap of $33,500. In other words, to be in the program you could not earn over $33,500. This individual was earning obviously extraordinarily more than that with a $1.6 million value of assets and yet still received subsidized housing. 
If this was a one-off, if this was a few 
people here and there taking advantage of the system and so forth—but we are talking tens of thousands of people on just this single program. Remember, the audit of HUD looked at a whole range of discrepancies. I am talking only about a couple of specific pro-grams. 
It is not hard to agree that this waste 
of taxpayer dollars is something that can be addressed. I am encouraged that my colleagues are looking at this in a number of ways—and the more the bet-ter. We do this in respect and honor for what Senator Coburn started, and I am happy to be a part of that. I know the Presiding Officer is also. 
I will conclude by saying for just this 
one agency, I can give a lot more exam-ples of reckless disregard for use of tax-payer money that have been docu-mented by the inspector general and that have been provided to that agen-cy, which has not been able to clean up its act since 2005. They have had 10 years to do it, and it still continues. The inspector general says it is such a mess, it is so disassembled, it is so poorly administered that it can’t even come to a conclusion of how bad it is. It is impossible to fully audit the De-partment of Housing and Urban Devel-
opment because of their financial in-eptness and their financial incapability of keeping records on their very own programs. 
Today we are going to add a modest 
amount. This could be tens of billions. We took only a couple of examples here, and those examples total $1,174,000,000. That is not small change. Think about being about to send this back to the taxpayers who are working their hearts out and having taxes lev-ied on them or think about how we can send this money to higher priorities— maybe to some things related to na-tional security where we are scraping for funds to be able to provide the secu-rity this country needs. Whatever the reason, the waste continues to pile up. No one coming down to this floor can say ‘‘We can’t cut a penny more of spending’’ without addressing this first. 
It appears that we will be down here 
for the 30th ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ next week, which I regret. But we have plen-ty of waste lined up to be talking about. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
f 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it is De-
cember 10, and Congress is working its way through some final items of busi-ness, including a giant spending bill called an omnibus—some might call it an ‘‘ominous’’—bill because it is so big it takes all of the discretionary spend-ing that Congress makes for the entire year and wraps it up into one big pack-age. I have to say it did not have to be that way. It shouldn’t have been that way. 
In the 114th Congress, under new 
leadership, we actually did something that hadn’t been done in 6 years. We actually passed a budget. The purpose of the budget in part is to set caps on spending levels for the Appropriations Committee and for the 12 appropria-tions bills that should come out—and in fact did come out—of the Appropria-tions Committee. But the reason we find ourselves here at the end of the year with this ominous Omnibus appro-priations process is that our Demo-cratic colleagues filibustered all of those individual appropriations bills. 
It would have been so much better to 
take those up one at a time so the American people and Members of the 
Senate could read them and understand them. We could debate them, we could offer amendments to try to improve them, and then we could finally pass them and send them on to the Presi-dent. But because of the desire to force the majority to agree to higher spend-ing levels, our colleagues across the aisle filibustered those appropriations bills. So here we are, at the end of the year, with a few huge pieces of legisla-tion left to consider. 
I think most people looking at Wash-
ington, DC, these days are tempted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.009 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8569 December 10, 2015 
want to look the other way because so 
much that happens here seems to be so contentious and, frankly, a reflection of our polarized politics in America. But despite all of the challenges we have—and I know the Democratic lead-er the other day actually claimed this was one of the most unproductive Sen-ates in recent memory, only to be given three Pinocchios by the Fact Checker at The Washington Post. So I would like to remind the Democratic leader about some of the things we have actually done, working in a bipar-tisan fashion, to get legislation through the Senate, through the House, and to the President’s desk. 
Sometimes I think we need a bit of a 
refresher course on what the Constitu-tion provides in terms of the division of responsibilities in government. The Founders of our great Nation made it hard—not easy. They made it hard to pass laws, and appropriately so, be-cause they viewed the concentration of power and the ability to push through legislation as a potential threat to their individual liberties. So not only did they divide the legislative power between the House and the Senate, but they also created a Presidency that has the ability to veto that legislation. 
Sometimes in their enthusiasm for 
certain policies, some of our own con-stituents get frustrated and they say: Why couldn’t you pass this bill or that bill? Well, the truth is the only way this happens is when there is, first of all, some leadership on the part of the majority party because it is the major-ity leader and the Speaker, the major-ity leader in the House, who actually set the agenda. So that is pretty im-portant. A lot of the legislation we considered this year would not have even come up if our Democratic friends had been in charge. But once we have the bill on the floor, it literally takes bipartisan consensus building in order to actually get something done. 
I would like to talk about a few of 
those things that we have been able to get done this year because I don’t want them to get lost amidst all of the contentiousness that people read about and watch on their television. It is im-portant that the people we work for understand we have actually been try-ing very hard to get some important things done. 
After the House of Representatives 
passed the Every Student Succeeds Act with a strong bipartisan vote last week, yesterday the Senate followed suit by passing that legislation with 85 votes. It obviously wasn’t perfect be-cause 15 of our colleagues did not vote for it, but that was about as strong a bipartisan vote as you get in the Sen-ate these days. 
I think it is important to highlight 
the time and effort it took many Mem-bers of this body to create and ulti-mately pass this bill. Of course, it took the leadership of Chairman A
LEXANDER  
of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. But the fact is— and I know he would say this if he were standing here on the floor—he could 
not have done it if it weren’t for the partnership of the senior Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
URRAY , a member 
of the other political party. What they showed us is how working together in a bipartisan way can achieve real reform and positive change for the American people. That is the way the process is supposed to work. 
Sometimes, though, policies are so 
bad that the best response is simply to stop it. I don’t think we should dimin-ish or deprecate the merits of stopping bad legislation, but where there is an area of common interest, where con-sensus can be built on what the appro-priate legislative response is, that is how it is done—the way Senator A
LEX-
ANDER and Senator M URRAY did. 
Of course, we are in a political envi-
ronment where people like to focus on the partisan bickering and gridlock. But passage of this bill serves as just one example of a Senate that has been back to work under new leadership since the last election about a year ago, and we appreciate the willingness of our friends on the other side of the aisle to work with us on a number of areas to try to make those accomplish-ments a reality. 
Another example is in the area of 
transportation funding. Last week, for the first time in more than a decade, Congress passed a multiyear transpor-tation bill. I think it was more than 30 different times before that Congress had passed short-term patches to those spending bills for transportation, and you can imagine how difficult it was for States to actually plan and then to implement some of their construction projects to improve their transpor-tation infrastructure. In that case, it was the hard work of the senior Sen-ator from Oklahoma, Mr. I
NHOFE , who 
chairs the Environment and Public Works Committee, as well as the junior Senator from California, Mrs. B
OXER , 
working together as a team; then, of course, Senator H
ATCH , chairman of 
the Senate Finance Committee, and Senator W
YDEN , the ranking member, a 
Democrat, working together to try to come up with some of the funding mechanisms. But as the majority lead-er said last week, it would not have been possible to pass this multiyear highway bill for the first time in a dec-ade if it weren’t for the bipartisan co-operation we saw and, particularly on the Democratic side, the leadership of Senator B
OXER . 
Now, with this legislation, States 
like mine, Texas—growing States can plan and build projects that strengthen our Nation’s infrastructure and make our transportation system safer. They can avoid some of that churning, un-certainty, and inefficiency that comes from temporary patches. President Obama signed that legislation last week, and now it is the law of the land. 
Like the education bill I mentioned a 
moment ago, the transportation fund-ing bill, which was called the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation, or FAST, Act, passed this Chamber with 
more than 80 votes—80 votes. With 54 Republicans and 46 affiliated with the Democrats, the minority, the Trans-portation bill got 80 votes. Obviously this was a strong bipartisan vote and a testament to the bipartisan spirit this year in a Senate that has allowed us to make some progress on long neglected and long overdue goals like transpor-tation funding. 
Then I think about other topics we 
have worked together on, such as trade. When the President said he wanted us to pass the Trade Promotion Authority legislation, only 13 Demo-crats voted for it. So it was up to the majority—the Republicans, the other party—to provide the votes to pass Trade Promotion Authority. 
Not everybody thought it was a good 
idea, sure. But in my State, one reason our economy continues to do better than most of the rest of the country is that we are the No. 1 exporting State in the Nation. We believe it is good for our economy and for job creation to be able to sell things that we make, agri-cultural goods we grow, and livestock we raise to markets around the world. That is what Trade Promotion Author-ity will allow. It will help Texas farm-ers, ranchers, and manufacturers get the best deal possible out of pending trade agreements such as the Trans- Pacific Partnership, which is focused on 40 percent of the world’s gross do-mestic product in Asia. It is very im-portant that we stay engaged in Asia because the default is for China to fill that void and set the rules. 
The Trade Promotion Authority, 
which was an important priority for the President, happened to be some-thing that Republicans by and large agreed with and his own party dis-agreed with. As I said, only 13 Demo-crats voted for it. 
The trade promotion authority legis-
lation is really the first step to opening up the doors of opportunity to our country’s businesses worldwide, but particularly in Asia. Like the other bills I mentioned, trade promotion au-thority was the result of the tireless ef-fort of a bipartisan partnership. In this case, the senior Senator from Utah, Mr. H
ATCH , chairman of the Finance 
Committee, and the ranking member of the Finance Committee, R
ONWYDEN , 
the Senator from Oregon, spent count-less hours negotiating and renegoti-ating the legislation to bring it to the floor and ultimately to be signed into law by the President. 
Another example happened to be the 
way we pay physicians under the Medi-care program that our seniors rely upon. Year after year, we would come up with short-term patches to the so- called doc fix. But this year we passed a permanent fix in a negotiation be-tween Speaker Boehner and the Demo-cratic leader in the House, Congress-woman P
ELOSI , that actually preserves 
seniors’ access to care under the Medi-care program—a noteworthy accom-plishment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.011 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8570 December 10, 2015 
Another subject I am particularly 
proud of is that we passed the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, a bill this Chamber passed with 99 votes. This law will help victims of modern- day slavery recover and rebuild their lives and will make sure these sur-vivors—some of whom are children— are not treated like criminals but given the help they need to heal and to get on with their lives. 
We have also passed critical bills to 
protect our country from cyber at-tacks—something we saw happen at the IRS, where 100,000 records of tax-payers was hacked in a cyber attack and stolen and compromised. We also saw millions of people’s records com-promised at the Office of Management and Budget. 
Congress has passed legislation, 
which is now being reconciled with a different House bill to be able to get that to the President, to provide that security that we all need when we are online. And as I said, we passed the first budget that has been passed in 6 years. The point I am trying to convey is that not everything up here is fight-ing like cats and dogs. It is not the shirts versus the skins. It is not like the Democrats and Republicans can never find anything that we agree on. Sure, there is there is a lot that we dis-agree on, and that is fine. It is fine to have policy differences. This is the forum where those policy differences are debated and where, if possible, if common ground can be found, we can find that common ground. 
I have told this story, and I am going 
to conclude here since I see our col-league from Georgia waiting to speak. When I came to the Senate, Ted Ken-nedy, from Massachusetts, the ‘‘liberal lion of the Senate,’’ who had been here for so long, was working with one of the most conservative Members of the Senate, the Senator from Wyoming, on the HELP Committee—the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee. I asked Mr. E
NZI, the Senator 
from Wyoming: How is it that you and Senator Kennedy, who are polar oppo-sites, can find common ground and ac-tually work productively on the HELP Committee? I have never forgotten it. Senator E
NZItold me: It is simple; it is 
the 80–20 rule. We look for the 80 per-cent, if possible, that we can find com-mon ground and agree on, and the 20 percent we can’t agree on, we leave for another fight another day. 
That always stuck with me as a very 
constructive way to work in a highly polarized environment where many of us share completely different views about public policy. But we owe it to our constituents, to this institution, and to the American people to try to find common ground where we can and offer them constructive solutions, as we have done time and again this Con-gress. 
While there are some who want to 
distract or misconstrue or deny the fact, the fact is there has been bipar-tisan accomplishment this year. But it takes leadership, and it appeared to 
take a new majority and a new major-ity leader after this last election to get the Senate back on track. 
Even many of our Democratic friends 
who served in the majority previously couldn’t even get votes on amend-ments, on legislation they wanted to offer, because the Senate was basically shut down. But now we are back to work, and the Senate is functioning the way it should. 
I wanted to say a few words to note 
these accomplishments but also to say thank you to those who have worked together to make it possible, who put the American people ahead of party to deliver real results in the Senate this year. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
f 
JOINT SURVEILLANCE TARGET 
ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I have 
spoken at length about how our debt crisis and our global crisis are inter-connected. Before I speak today, though, I want to thank the Senator from Texas for his leadership this year, as we did get the Senate back to reg-ular order. I know we have much to do, but I appreciate his leadership as whip and as a fellow colleague. Thank you. 
Today I rise to speak about how this 
overlap between our debt crisis and our global security crisis impacts the fu-ture of a vital Air Force asset: the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System, or JSTARS, as they call it. I visited with Team JSTARS to hear about their critical role. We made a visit. We talked about how their role affects our national security and our national defense and countering the global security crisis we face. I have also seen in Iraq and Afghanistan first-hand how this platform is absolutely vital to protect our forces on the ground in harm’s way. 
The global security crisis facing our 
Nation continues to grow. First, we face our traditional rivals—China and Russia—as they become ever more ag-gressive. The persistent threat of nu-clear proliferation is now exaggerated and increasing every day with Iran’s ef-forts and, of course, we see what is going on in North Korea as well. Fi-nally, we face threats from radical jihadist terror groups, not just in the Middle East but here at home, unfortu-nately—and not just from ISIS. AQAP, Boko Haram, and al-Shabaab, to men-tion a few, are all thinking about how to do harm here in our homeland. 
As a result, we know that the need 
for American leadership in the world isn’t going to go away any time soon. Team JSTARS plays a critical role in our response to these threats. JSTARS is an Air Force platform that provides critical intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, or ISR, and ground targeting capabilities in service to all branches of our military. Over the past 25 years, they have flown over 125,000 
combat hours in 5 different combatant commands. As a matter of fact, they have flown every day since 9/11. 
The ‘‘J’’ in JSTARS stands for 
‘‘joint.’’ Team JSTARS is a blended unit. The Air Force, Army, and Na-tional Guardsmen who work on the team, eat, sleep, and deploy together. These men and women leave for days, weeks, and sometimes they deploy for months to protect our men in uniform around the world. Not only are they a joint mission with the Army, but JSTARS also does several mission sets. JSTARS does command and control as well as providing intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance. From stake-out to shoot-out, JSTARS is capable of supporting all missions in all phases, with full spectrum capability from low to high intensity conflict. 
In the words of General Kelly, 
SOUTHCOM’s commander, JSTARS is quite unique, ‘‘a true force-multiplier, working seamlessly with both the DOD and interagency assets, generating im-pressive results in our asset-austere en-vironment.’’ What makes JSTARS unique from other intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance platforms is that on each JSTARS plane, we have unique manpower at the tactical edge to talk to our servicemembers on the ground with 22 radios, 7 data links, 3 Internets, and a secure telephone sys-tem. These are things we cannot take for granted. Our men and women on the ground talk about this incessantly. 
As I saw it in Iraq and Afghanistan, 
we could not fulfill our mission with-out this type of capability in the air, overseeing our men and women every day. As we see threats around us from an increasingly aggressive Russia and China, the threat of electronic warfare is also a growing concern. If satellite communication radios are targeted—if these systems are degraded by the enemy in any way—JSTARS can in turn provide the same critical capa-bility in theater. This is a redundant capability we cannot do without. This platform has proven itself to be invalu-able and indispensable to our Armed Forces—not just in the Air Force and Army but in every service—the Ma-rines, the Navy, the Coast Guard, and even in some counter-drug missions. 
In the Pacific, JSTARS has been a 
key part of the Asia rebalance, helping to maintain stability and assure allies by providing vital insight to maritime forces as they push back against an ex-pansive China. In fact, as China con-tinues to challenge freedom of naviga-tion and asserts itself in the Asia-Pa-cific region, PACOM is asking for more and more JSTARS presence at a very time when their capability is declining. 
Also in Asia, U.S. Forces Korea com-
mander General Scaparrotti calls JSTARS ‘‘very important to us’’ as he deters an unpredictable North Korea. Here in this atmosphere, JSTARS has flown in support of homeland defense, doing drug interdiction missions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.012 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8571 December 10, 2015 
General John Kelly, the SOUTHCOM 
commander, said: ‘‘JSTARS is espe-cially important, providing a detailed maritime surveillance capability that 
is unsurpassed.’’ 
To give you a comparison, a single 
JSTARS sortie—a single plane—can cover the same search area as 10 mari-time patrol aircraft sorties. But the fu-ture of this platform is in jeopardy. As threats against our Nation have evolved, JSTARS has too. But there are only 16 of these planes covering our needs worldwide over the last 25 years. We have relied on JSTARS for 25 years to protect our men and women whom we put in harm’s way—to protect them while other people are trying to do them harm. 
Unfortunately, in the last 25 years, 
these planes are beginning to wear out. They are reaching the end of their service life. These planes have been in service since the early 90s. But even then, these planes weren’t new when the Air Force acquired them. Each plane on average had over 50,000 hours when we bought them. The average age of the fleet is 47 years. 
If you look at just one example in the 
JSTARS fleet, there is one aircraft that had 16 different owners or lessors over that time before it became a JSTARS, including Pakistani Inter-national Airlines and Afghan Airlines. I think it is very ironic that today that very plane flies oversight missions over those two countries. 
As these planes near the end of their 
service life, they are spending more and more time in depot maintenance. More maintains is more costly. Dra-matically increased maintenance time is threatening aircraft availability and mission readiness. This in turn impacts the number of JSTARS that can be put into mission at any one time and be out in the combatant commands while doing their job, while day by day the demand from combatant commanders for JSTARS grows. 
What is more concerning is that as 
JSTARS near the end of their service life, as you can see on this chart, there is a gap. If we do nothing, we will have a gap of 10 years. The best we could do starting today is to shorten that gap to 4 years. This is a gap we cannot allow to happen. 
This chart shows the declining avail-
ability of the current fleet down to zero by 2023. It also shows that under the current plan—pending DOD ap-proval and funding—the replacement fleet does not even come online until 2023, meaning we will have a 10-year gap. They don’t get back to full strength until around 2027—again, the 10-year gap. Due to the increased main-tenance requirements of this aging fleet, JSTARS is already at a point where we only have about half the fleet available to fly at any point in time. Even if we extend the service life of JSTARS and accelerate the replace-ment, we can only narrow the gap to 4 years. This is unacceptable. 
I have talked about the planes. Let 
me talk about the men and women who man those planes, who service those 
planes, who keep those planes in the air. These are talented professionals. I have met with them. They are dedi-cated professionals, protecting our sol-diers on the ground. They are com-mitted to this mission, but they have to have our help. The men and women on the ground in Iraq, Afghanistan, and around the world deserve our help. But when it happens to have a gap like this, our irresponsibility as a Congress and as military leadership shows up. 
We cannot allow this to happen. Re-
capitalization for the JSTARS fleet needs to happen, and it needs to happen right now. As these aircraft age, depot maintenance is not only more costly but also keeps these aircraft, which are in high demand for every combatant commander, from fulfilling their mis-sion fully and putting our soldiers on the ground in mortal danger. This is precisely where we see the debt crisis and global security crisis intersect. 
In the last 6 years, I have spoken 
about this before, but we borrowed 40 percent of what we have spent as a Federal Government. This puts our ability to support a strong foreign pol-icy backed up by a strong military in jeopardy. As Admiral Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, once said, the greatest threat to our national security is our own national debt. 
The JSTARS Program is an example 
of how our debt crisis is impacting our ability to fulfill our mission require-ments. JSTARS recapitalization, which would replace these planes over time, is the No. 4 priority within the Air Force. The other three priorities ahead of it are very valid, but very ex-pensive platforms. 
Just last month, the Air Force acqui-
sition chief, Assistant Secretary LaPlante, said that the JSTARS recap might get scrapped thanks to sequester and tight budget constraints. Again, this is a result of our fiscal intran-sigence and poor planning by military leaders. This prohibits us from meeting the very basic needs of our men and women on the ground who depend on this critical platform to protect them and provide overarching eyes and ears in the battle space. This should not have happened. The intransigence of Congress over the last decade and the intransigence of our military leader-ship and procurement planning are all at fault. We can fix this. 
This week I am joining Senator I
SAK-
SONand at least 11 other Senators in 
writing to Secretary of Defense Carter about the importance of funding for the next fleet of JSTARS in next year’s budget request. 
I wish to thank the defense appropri-
ators as well as the Armed Services Committee for their support for this critical platform and mission. I look forward to continuing to work with them to support JSTARS. Not only do we need to ensure the new JSTARS fleet is funded, but this needs to be done fast. As I said, if we do nothing today, we have at best a 4-year gap, not 
to mention the problem with the planes. What do we do with these pro-fessional military men and women who are irreplaceable—pilots, navigators, engineers, technicians, mechanics, schedulers, and computer experts. This is a capability we cannot do without. 
Not only do we need to ensure that 
the new JSTARS fleet is funded, but again this has to happen immediately if we are going to manage this gap. This gap in capability that we see on this chart will become a reality if the pace of recap doesn’t change. We need a faster solution. This chart shows why this recap needs to be a rapid acquisi-tion program and we need to get on that immediately. 
We need to ensure that this critical 
platform stays in theater. Our com-bative commanders demand it, our troops on the ground depend on it, and they certainly deserve it. We cannot allow Washington’s dysfunction to put our men and women in combat theaters in further danger. This needs to get fixed, and it needs to get fixed right now. 
I yield my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL 
EMPLOYEES 
U.S. COMPUTER EMERGENCY READINESS TEAM  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I men-
tioned to the Presiding Officer in our brief conversation before I came to the podium that one of the things I try to do every month or so is come to the floor, usually when things are slower and there is not a lot going on, to talk about some of the folks who work for us and serve our country in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
Earlier this week, as my colleagues 
may recall, an outfit called the Part-nership for Public Service released an annual report in which they rank the best places in which to work in the Federal Government. The report is based on surveys that are conducted literally by hundreds of thousands of Federal employees. This year it showed an increase in overall employee morale for the first time, I think, in 4 or 5 years. That is good news. 
Despite the progress that appears to 
have been made in a number of Federal agencies, not all but many components of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity continue to struggle to make their employees feel good about their work and what they do for the rest of us. 
I know the Secretary of the Depart-
ment, Jeh Johnson, and his team have taken a number of significant steps to make the Department a better place to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.014 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8572 December 10, 2015 
work for current and future employees. 
They do outreach and get input from their employees as to what needs to be done to enable them to feel better about the work for greater job satisfac-tion, to make them want to come to work. I would also say today that the Congress—those of us who serve in the Senate and the House—also has a re-sponsibility to help improve morale, not just at the Department of Home-land Security but in the Federal Gov-ernment at large. 
Considering the fact that we began 
2015 with a fight in this body right here over whether we should even fund the Department, I don’t believe those of us in the Senate or in the House are doing all we can do, that we are doing our part well. As I said earlier, that is why I come to the Senate floor on a number of occasions throughout the year to highlight some of the extraordinary work done every day by the dedicated men and women at the Department of Homeland Security. 
Today I rise to recognize no one indi-
vidual. Usually I pick one or two peo-ple who have done extraordinary things with their lives, but today I am going to focus on a whole team of people who do important work every day to defend our Nation from the growing and evolv-ing threat our country faces in cyber space. 
It seems as though we don’t go a 
week without hearing about another major breach at a business or a govern-ment agency. We are under unrelenting attack from all over the world—in some cases from sovereign nations, in other cases from criminal organiza-tions, and in other cases just from pranksters. Over these past few years, we have seen major attacks on the Of-fice of Personnel Management, on a great many banks and other busi-nesses, and even the email of the Direc-tor of the Central Intelligence Agency. These attacks make clear that the threats we face online are complex, and unfortunately we will be struggling with how to deal with them for the foreseeable future. 
Fortunately, in Congress we have 
been making some progress combating these cyber threats through legisla-tion. Last year we passed cyber secu-rity legislation—four bills in fact—out of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. These four bills were aimed at strengthening the ability of the Department of Home-land Security to perform their cyber security mission. 
Among those bills was one to update 
how our government protects its own networks. This bill includes language clarifying the role the Department plays in overseeing and enhancing se-curity and other agencies. Two other bills gave the Department some of the tools it needs to strengthen its cyber security workforce, and just last month the Department of Homeland Security announced that it now seeks to hire up to 1,000 new cyber security employees over the next 6 months using the new authorities we have 
given them. 
We also passed legislation that codi-
fied the cyber operations center at the Department. It is called the National Cybersecurity and Communications In-tegration Center, affectionately known as the NCCIC. Our legislation—which former Senator Dr. Tom Coburn and I coauthored, supported by many in our committee and outside of our com-mittee—gave the NCCIC the strong legal foundation it needs, that it lacked, in order to do their job and en-gage with the private sector in a joint effort to better secure critical cyber networks. 
I think we have made real progress 
on cyber security legislation this year as well. I think we are maybe poised to do even more. I would like to use a football analogy. The team flips a coin and somebody receives and somebody kicks the ball. Receiving takes the ball maybe deep in their own territory, and then they march down the field across the 50-yard line into the other team’s territory, then they get to the 20-yard line, and then moving closer to the other team’s goal line, they would say they are in the red zone. In terms of our march on cyber security legislation here and in the House, thanks to the good work of the Intel Committee here and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs as well, we are not just in the red zone, we are inside the 10-yard line and it is first down and goal to go. 
Unfortunately, the clock is running 
out and we don’t have forever to get the job done, but if we are smart and don’t give up, we can have a real suc-cess for the American people in strengthening our cyber defenses in a real way. 
The legislation we passed this fall 
was called the Cybersecurity Informa-tion Sharing Act, and it represents a collaboration on a number of cyber se-curity issues. In the bill the Depart-ment of Homeland Security plays a central role as they interface between industry and the government. The bill also includes provisions to enhance the cyber security program at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security known as EINSTEIN, which uses classified threat intelligence to protect all of our civil-ian agencies. 
I am mentioning all of this legisla-
tion to show the critical role or under-line the critical role the Department of Homeland Security plays in security for our Nation. At the center of the De-partment’s cyber security operation is the U.S. Computer Emergency Readi-ness Team, which is also known as US– CERT. 
To my left is a picture of our Presi-
dent, and the handsome fellow he is speaking to is a fellow named Jeh Johnson, who is the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, a role he has filled for I believe most of 2 years now. I think he is doing a splen-did job, with the great support of the Deputy Secretary there, Alejandro Mayorkas, and a couple of thousand 
people who are committed to defending our homeland. 
This is a picture of the President ad-
dressing, along with Secretary John-son, the employees at US–CERT. I think it was taken earlier this year. Again, US–CERT—the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team—is the main operational team within the NCCIC. It is the operational team with-in the NCCIC itself. 
What do they do? They pool informa-
tion and they share that information throughout the Federal Government. The US–CERT also shares information with our partners in the private sector across the country and with our allies around the world. It is an important job. It is not a job that is done for 5 days a week, 8 hours a day. It is a 24- hour-a-day, 7-day-a-week operation, and these men and women work to stay ahead of the bad actors who are trying to steal our personal information and trying to really harm our economy. In some cases they are plotting to damage our critical infrastructure such as our electric grid, our financial systems, and our communications systems. 
US–CERT was established 12 years 
ago as the Department of Homeland Security was first being stood up. The mission of US–CERT is simple, I think: to make the Internet a safer place for everyone by helping to improve cyber security across the country. I will say that again. The mission of US–CERT is very simple—not easy but simple. It is to make the Internet a safer place for everyone by helping to improve cyber security across our country. To do this, US–CERT operates a wide variety of programs. These programs include sev-eral information sharing collaboration programs, incident response teams that provide onsite assistance to attack vic-tims, programs such as the EINSTEIN intrusion detection and prevention sys-tem to protect Federal agencies, edu-cation and awareness programs, and deeply technical forensic analysis. The US–CERT partners with a wide variety of organizations. Among them, they partner with powerplants and utilities, they partner with financial institu-tions, they partner with software com-panies, with researchers, and they partner with certain teams in other countries and other cyber operation centers such as those over at NSA, the National Security Agency, and the FBI as well. 
When a major attack occurs in the 
Federal Government or the private sec-tor, the men and women at US–CERT mobilize to travel to the victim’s loca-tion. They help mitigate the attack. They help to strengthen the victim’s cyber systems, and then they commu-nicate with their partners so everyone can secure their systems against simi-lar attacks. We learned from that bad experience, and hopefully we can help reduce the likelihood that someone else will suffer a similar fate. 
Earlier this year, when the Office of 
Personnel Management discovered a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.016 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8573 December 10, 2015 
data breach of personal data belonging 
to millions of Federal employees, they called the NCCIC and asked for its team of experts. US–CERT was de-ployed to play a central role in, first of all, investigating the attack but also in responding to that attack. For the next 4 months, the team worked literally around the clock at OPM to assess and to monitor Federal networks and to de-velop new protections against this type of intrusion that OPM had experienced. 
Now, once US–CERT realized that 
other Federal agencies were also vul-nerable to this kind of a breach, they immediately shared the indicators of the attack with network analysts across the Federal Government. This allowed other Federal agencies to scan their systems and to make sure they had not been compromised by the same hacker and to be on alert for that hacker’s attack. 
Because of the scale and impact of 
the OPM breach, which I think actu-ally ended up affecting more than 20 million people, the US–CERT team worked long hours to make sure they could provide guidance to Federal agencies as quickly as possible so they could protect their networks from similar attacks and prevent the attacker from using the information they obtained against us. Their work not only strengthened the Office of Personnel Management’s cyber secu-rity posture, it also bolstered cyber se-curity across the entire Federal Gov-ernment. 
US–CERT and all the cyber warriors 
at the NCCIC work tirelessly every day to out-think and out-innovate our cyber enemies. The legislation we en-acted last year and the bill we are working hard to send to the President this year with great bipartisan support here in the Senate and the House as well puts the Department of Homeland Security in the spotlight and entrusts them with ever-greater responsibility for years to come. We in Congress rec-ognize the critical role US–CERT plays in strengthening our Nation’s cyber se-curity, and we must continue to sup-port these hard-working men and women in their mission. 
Mr. President, I will close by telling 
a story. I have told this story before, but it is a good one, and it is certainly germane to what we talked about here today. 
A couple of years ago, I was listening 
to a radio station on my way to the train station in Delaware, and I caught NPR news right at 7 a.m. as I made my way to the train station in Wil-mington. On the news that morning, they gave a report about an inter-national survey that was taken where they asked thousands of people in dif-ferent countries and here: What is it about your work that you like? What is it about your work that makes you like your job or not like your job? 
Some of the people who were asked 
said: Well, the thing I like about my job is I like getting paid—not that they are in it for the money, but they like getting paid. Others said they like va-
cations. Some people said they had health care. Others said they like the folks they work with. Other people said they like the environment—a beautiful place like this in which they work. But what most people said they liked were really two things: No. 1, they knew the work they were doing was important, and No. 2, they felt as though they were making progress. Think about that. They knew the work they were doing was important and they felt as though they were making progress. 
Well, there is probably nobody in our 
country—at least working within the Federal Government—who does work more important than the folks at the Department of Homeland Security. The House and the Senate have worked in recent years to strengthen the ability of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, including the US–CERT team, to be able to do their job even better. 
My hope is that in years to come, as 
we hear these annual reports on best places to work within the Federal Gov-ernment, that we are going to find that the people at the Department of Home-land Security, including NCCIC and US–CERT, will be saying more and more: I like working here because I know the work I do is important, and I feel as though we are making progress. 
This Senator would just say to every-
one at US–CERT, thank you for all the good you do for us. Thank you for your service to this country. And to each of you, we wish you happy holidays and Merry Christmas. We would also say, here is hoping that we will all have a more peaceful new year. I think the American people are ready for that. I know the Presiding Officer is, and so am I. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
(The remarks of Mr. S ANDERS per-
taining to the introduction of S. 2391, S. 2398, and S. 2399 are printed in to-day’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on In-
troduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. SANDERS. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
f 
THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF SANDY 
HOOK TRAGEDY 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, 
next week we will mark the 3-year an-niversary, for lack of a better word, of the massacre at Sandy Hook, CT. Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL will be joining me on 
the floor momentarily. I wanted to come to the floor to speak to our col-leagues for a few moments about what this week will mean to us in Con-necticut and the challenge it presents 
to all of us. 
I want to open by speaking about one 
of the young men who perished that day—a little first grader by the name of Daniel Barden. Daniel was a really, really special kid. I talk about him a lot when I am speaking on Sandy Hook because I have gotten to know his par-ents pretty well over the years, so I feel like I know Daniel pretty well. Now that I have a little 7-year-old first grader at home, too, I, frankly, feel closer than ever before to the families such as the Bardens who are still griev-ing. 
Daniel had this sense of uncanny em-
pathy that, now as a father of a 7-year- old, I know is, frankly, not normally visited upon children that age. Daniel just loved helping people in big and small ways; he was so preternaturally outward in his sympathy for others. 
There is a story his dad likes to tell 
about the challenge of going to the su-permarket with Daniel because when they would leave, Daniel always liked to hold the door open for his family. But then he wouldn’t stop holding the door open because he wanted to hold it open for all of the rest of the people who were leaving the grocery store. So the family would get all the way to the car, and they would look back and they wouldn’t have Daniel because he was still holding the door open. It was small things like that that made him such a special kid. 
His father, Mark, wrote one day: 
‘‘I’m always one minute farther away from my life with Daniel, and that gulf keeps getting bigger.’’ His mother, Jackie, in the months and years fol-lowing Daniel’s death, developed a habit of what grief counselors call de-fensive mechanisms. She would some-times pretend that Daniel was at a friend’s house for a couple hours, sim-ply in order to give herself the strength to do simple household chores like cooking dinner or returning emails. The only way she could do it is if she pretended for a small slice of time that Daniel was actually still alive. 
It is hard to describe for my col-
leagues here today the grief that still, frankly, drowns Sandy Hook parents and the community at large. It is total, it is permanent, and it is all-con-suming. But for many of those parents and many of those community mem-bers, the grief now is mixed with a combination of anger and utter bewil-derment, all of it directed at us, in the Senate and in the House of Representa-tives. 
On December 14, Adam Lanza walked 
into Sandy Hook Elementary School armed with a weapon that was designed for the military—designed to kill as many people as quickly as possible. He had 30-round magazines, not designed for hunting or for sport shooting but to destroy as much life as quickly as pos-sible. Importantly, he left at home his lower round magazines. And the design of his weapons worked—to a tee. In ap-proximately 4 minutes, he discharged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.017 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8574 December 10, 2015 
154 rounds, and he killed with ruthless 
efficiency: 27 people shot, 26 dead, in-cluding 20 first graders. 
Here are their names: Rachel 
D’Avino, 29; Dawn Hochsprung, 47; Anne Marie Murphy, 52; Lauren Rous-seau, 30; Mary Sherlach, 56; Victoria Leigh Soto, 27. 
And the students: Charlotte Bacon, 
Daniel Barden, Olivia Engel, Josephine Gay, Dylan Hockley, Madeleine Hsu, Catherine Hubbard, Chase Kowalski, Jesse Lewis, Ana Marquez-Greene, James Mattioli, Grace McDonnell, Emilie Parker, Jack Pinto. 
It keeps going: Noah Pozner, Caroline 
Previdi, Jessica Rekos, Avielle Richman, Benjamin Wheeler, and Alli-son Wyatt. 
There are a handful of kids who 
aren’t on that list, because there were children in Victoria Soto’s classroom who were able to escape, likely—as in-vestigators believe—when Adam Lanza had to reload his weapon to put an-other 30 bullets in it. 
So 3 years later, as we grieve those 
26, we are still having these awful, searing questions to ponder: What would have happened if Lanza didn’t have an assault rifle? Would he even have had the perverse courage to walk into that school if not aided by the se-curity of having a high powered killing machine? Would less kids have died? What if his cartridges had six or 10 bul-lets instead of 30? Would more kids be alive if someone had been able to stop him while he fumbled with another re-load? 
The facts of Sandy Hook are hard to 
hear over and over, but they are impor-tant because they should have edu-cated us on ways that we could come together to make another mass shoot-ing less likely. But we ignored Sandy Hook, and it happened again and again. This year, there have been more mass shootings than there have been days in the year: 9 in Charleston, 5 in Chat-tanooga, 9 again in Roseburg, 14 in San Bernardino. 
As I sat at that firehouse with Sen-
ator B
LUMENTHAL that afternoon in 
Sandy Hook, as the news rolled into those parents that the children they loved wouldn’t be coming home, if someone had told me that day that we would do nothing—that our response as a Congress and as a country would be utter silence—I wouldn’t have believed it—no way. But if somebody then told me that it would happen again and again and again and we still wouldn’t do anything, I would have collapsed in disbelief. 
I am going to tell my colleagues, 
that is how the families feel. Whatever we think is the best way to stop this carnage—changing our gun laws, giving more resources to law enforcement, changing our mental health system to get more help to those who are becom-ing unhinged and thinking about set-tling their real or imagined grievances with violence—do something to honor those children and adults. Do some-thing to show there is an ounce of com-passion as we sit here 3 years after the 
bloody massacre at Sandy Hook. 
Our mental health system is broken. 
We have closed down 4,000 inpatient 
beds since the recession began. It is harder than ever for families to get the help they need. If you read the report on Adam Lanza, you will see a very troubled young man who was utterly failed by the behavioral health system that stood around him. 
Stronger gun laws do work. They ab-
solutely would have prevented some of those kids from dying. And the data is irrefutable. This mythology that you are safer with more guns has zero basis in fact. The data tells us that in States that have tougher gun laws, they have less gun deaths. In States that have higher rates of gun ownership, they have more gun deaths. Stronger gun laws work. 
To be honest, the burden is not just 
on us; it is also on the administration. I have called, along with many of my colleagues, on the administration to take some steps, if Congress won’t, to make sure that those who are truly gun dealers, though they might not have a brick-and-mortar store—those who are selling guns with frequency at places such as gun shows or on the Internet—have to do background checks, a recognition that they are dealers just like people who have stores in your downtown. 
So my plea, 3 years after this tragedy 
that utterly transformed that commu-nity, is for us to recognize that there is no other country in the world that would live with this level of slaughter. There is no other nation in the world that would accept 80 people dying every day from preventible gun vio-lence and mass shooting after mass shooting and not even try to fix it. That is what is so offensive to me, and 3 years later that is what is so hard to understand for the families whom we represent in Sandy Hook, CT. 
If you don’t want to believe me, I am 
going to close the exact same way I closed 2 years ago on the 1-year anni-versary. I am kind of ashamed that I have to read this letter again because every single word of it still applies 2 years later, when the epidemic of mass shootings in this country hasn’t abated but simply grown. It is from a mom whose child survived, and I will close with it. 
In addition to the tragic loss of her play-
mates, friends, and teachers, my first grader suffers from PTSD. She was in the first room by the entrance to the school. Her teacher was able to gather the children into a tiny bathroom inside the classroom. There she stood, with 14 of her classmates and her teacher, all of them crying. You see, she heard what was happening on the other side of the wall. She heard everything. She was sure she was going to die that day and did not want to die for Christmas. Imagine what this must have been like. She struggles nightly with nightmares, difficulty falling asleep, and being afraid to go anywhere in her own home. At school she becomes with-drawn, crying daily, covering her ears when it gets too loud and waiting for this to hap-pen again. She is 6. And we are furious. 
Furious that 26 families must suffer with 
grief so deep and so wide that it is unimagi-nable. 
Furious that the innocence and safety of 
my children’s lives has been taken. 
Furious that someone had access to the 
type of weapon used in this massacre. 
Furious that gun makers make ammuni-
tion with such high rounds and our govern-ment does nothing to stop them. 
Furious that the ban on assault weapons 
was carelessly left to expire. 
Furious that lawmakers let the gun lobby-
ists have so much control. 
Furious that somehow, someone’s right to 
own a gun is more important than my chil-dren’s rights to life. 
Furious that lawmakers are too scared to 
take a stand. 
She writes: 
I ask you to think about your choices. 
Look at the pictures of the 26 innocent lives taken so needlessly and wastefully, using a weapon that never should have been in the hands of civilians. Really think. Changing the laws may ‘‘inconvenience’’ some gun owners, but it may also save a life, perhaps a life that is dear to me or you. Are you real-ly willing to risk it? You— 
Speaking to us— 
have a responsibility and obligation to act now and change the laws. 
I hope and I pray that you do not fail. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Thank you, 
Madam President. 
I am honored to follow my colleague 
and friend Senator M URPHY in an effort 
that has involved both of us, our minds and our hearts, from the day we stood together on December 14, 2012, in New-town, Sandy Hook. We have stood to-gether and worked together with the families and community that so in-spired us with their strength and cour-age. 
If I have one overriding image and 
message in my mind and heart, it is those families most directly affected by the deaths of 20 beautiful children and sixth grade educators, the families in the reverberating circle of people so deeply touched, hurt, and harmed by the evil on that day, and the people who exemplified the good of that day, the first responders, the firefighters and police, who saw things no human being should ever have to witness and emerged also deeply hurt and harmed. The courage and strength of Newtown, that community, and the families will always inspire me. 
I have worked on gun violence pre-
vention for many years, a couple of decades before December 14, 2012. I was the attorney general of the State of Connecticut and a State legislator ad-vocating for the assault weapon ban and other gun violence prevention measures. Then, as attorney general, I defended the assault weapon ban when it was challenged in court, tried the case, and we successfully argued it in the State supreme court. So I knew in-tellectually and abstractly why we need in this Nation and in Connecticut stronger measures to stop gun vio-lence. The experience of that day left a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.020 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8575 December 10, 2015 
searing mark on my heart and on my 
conscience, so it became for me the passion and priority it is today, and I will not rest as a Member of this body and as a human being until this Nation does better to make America safer and to prevent the kind of tragedy we saw on that day. 
I will never forget being at that fire-
house on that afternoon, but I will also never forget that evening at St. Rose of Lima Church when the community came together to light a candle rather than curse the darkness. 
I had a conversation with one of the 
parents who lost a child. It was either that night or in the grief-filled days thereafter, when I said to her at some point: When you are ready, I would like to talk to you about what we can do about this. She said to me: I am ready now. 
That is the courage we have seen in 
the last 3 years from those families. It is the courage we saw this morning at an event in the Capitol. It is the cour-age we have seen again and again from Newtown, from all over the country, loved ones and victims of all of the places—they become kind of landmarks that we recite. There are 30,000 deaths every year from places whose names we could never recite here because it would be too long and because they are the mundane places that all of us go. 
As my colleague Senator M
URPHY  
said this morning, all of us are just one second away from becoming victims. The fact is we are all touched by gun violence and we are all harmed and hurt by it. 
I will never forget that evening. I 
will never forget also the day on the floor of this House when the Senate failed to approve a commonsense pack-age of gun violence prevention meas-ures, universal background checks, banning illegal trafficking, a ban on as-sault weapons, the mental health ini-tiative, and from the Gallery someone shouted down: Shame. They may have said: Shame on you. There is no record of it because we record only what hap-pens on the floor, but on that day the most profound and eloquent comment was those three words: ‘‘Shame on you.’’ 
Shame on us in the U.S. Senate. We 
are complicit by our inaction. Congress is complicit by its silence. Moments of silence have their place, but silence by inaction here is complicity. It is not only the failure to act, it is also the ob-struction that has been placed in the way of knowledge and research. The so- called rider—nobody outside the U.S. Capitol would talk about riders, an amendment that stops the government from doing research—literally re-search, fact gathering, investigation on gun violence. The cause of 30,000 deaths every year in this country cannot be researched by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
In fact, we face a public health crisis 
in this country. If it were Ebola or in-fluenza or polio, facing these kinds of epidemics or feared epidemics in this country, we would react with drastic 
and effective measures, including quar-antine, that would mobilize this Na-tion. The response of the Congress to the epidemic of gun violence is to bar research by the CDC and other public health authorities. The very same pub-lic health community that could help us understand and take action is gagged and straitjacketed by the U.S. Congress. Even the initial author of that amendment restricting research, former Congressman Jay Dickey, a Re-publican from Arkansas, said he has re-grets. ‘‘I wish we had started the prop-er research and kept it going all the time,’’ he said. 
The Congress owes the American peo-
ple more, but this promise I can make. We are not going away. We are not abandoning this effort. We will not be silenced. We will not be inactive. We are not giving up. 
Twelve years it took to pass the 
Brady bill, after the President of the United States was almost assassinated just a few miles from here and his Press Secretary, Jim Brady, was para-lyzed. It took 12 years to pass, with the support of President Reagan, and we need to be prepared for that kind of marathon. 
President Reagan famously said: 
‘‘Facts are stubborn things.’’ We can-not deny the facts that drive this de-bate because laws do work. We come here every day with the presumption that what we do makes a difference, that the laws we pass make a dif-ference. Gun violence prevention laws do work. 
When the shooter at Sandy Hook had 
to change magazines, children suc-ceeded in escaping. If he had been barred from having the assault weapon, had it been banned, unable to bring it to the site of that horrific tragedy, it might have made a difference. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent for just 1 minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. If the shooter in 
Charleston had been barred, as he should have been because he was ineli-gible, rather than having the oppor-tunity to purchase weapons as a result of the 72-hour rule loophole, it might have made a difference there. We can’t say for certain. 
We know there is no panacea, no 
magic solution, but the loved ones of the families of Sandy Hook, San Bernardino, Colorado Springs, Roseburg, Roanoke, Charleston, and Lafayette have to make a difference here. Honor them with action is what we should do; inaction is complicity. We owe the American people better. We need to keep faith with its values and keep faith with America. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. TRIBUTE TO GOVERNOR TERRY 
BRANSTAD 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
wish to honor Iowa Governor Terry Branstad on a very historic milestone. On December 14 of this year, Governor Branstad will become the longest serv-ing Governor in the Nation’s history. He breaks a record set by Governor Clinton of New York in the early days of our country, even before the Con-stitution of our country was estab-lished, between the Articles of Confed-eration into the early years of New York as a State in the United States of America. That is a very large feather in the cap of a farm kid from the town of Leland, population 289, in Winnebago County in northern Iowa. 
In many ways, a smalltown farm 
background prepared Terry Branstad for his success as a State house mem-ber, Lieutenant Governor, and then Governor on two separate occasions. If he finishes this term—and he will—it will add up to 24 years as Governor. 
The farm crisis of the 1980s hit every 
farm State hard, and Iowa, at the heart of the Nation’s breadbasket, suffered deeply. All of us who lived in Iowa at that time saw friends and neighbors lose their family farms and struggle with what to do next for a living. The State needed men and women with vi-sion and ambition to pull the economy out of the doldrums. It needed people who could see the potential for farmers to add value to their operations and for Iowa to diversify its economy, which it has now done. 
Of all the people out there, Terry 
Branstad stood out as Governor. He was at the forefront of creating a new environment to do business. He wel-comed and actively encouraged innova-tion that would capitalize on Iowa’s bedrock work ethic and our strong schools. As a result, agriculture was and continues to be a mainstream of Iowa’s economy. But agriculture more than ever is an engine for many other employment sectors: renewable energy, manufacturing, crop research, insur-ance and financial services, and, of course, as we Iowans know, much more. 
As Governor from 1983 to 1999, Terry 
Branstad took the helm during some of the State’s worst economic turmoil in decades and steered the ship toward impressive economic growth. The un-employment rate went from 8.5 percent to a record low of 2.5 percent. The Gov-ernor could have rested on those lau-rels and continued to work outside of State government after he retired after those first 16 years, but he again an-swered the call when the State needed him again in 2010. He put the State of Iowa’s interests ahead of his own and went to work for Iowans this second time, bringing his valuable leadership to the Governor’s office for another round. That, in a nutshell, tells you ev-erything you need to know about Terry Branstad. 
The State of Iowa comes first for 
him. Iowans are well acquainted with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.023 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8576 December 10, 2015 
Terry Branstad’s accomplishments and 
work ethic. It is gratifying to see those attributes get attention on a national scale and in the history books. He has earned his place in history. 
Of course, First Lady Christine 
Branstad ought to be complimented too. We thank her for her public serv-ice and, most importantly, for sharing her family with all Iowans. 
We are lucky to have had Governor 
Terry Branstad for these years as chief executive in Iowa, and, of course, I am lucky to call him a friend. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Maryland. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, it is my 
understanding that some of my col-leagues want to talk about our visit to Paris, but I understand Senator H
ATCH  
will be on the floor at 2:45 p.m. and we are recessing at 3 o’clock. 
Mr President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the following Members be recognized for up to 5 minutes between now and 2:45 p.m., but it may not be in this order: Senator C
ARDIN , Senator 
SCHATZ , Senator U DALL , Senator S HA-
HEEN , Senator M ERKLEY , Senator M AR-
KEY, and Senator C OONS . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE TALKS 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I had the 
opportunity of heading a delegation this past weekend of 10 Senators who went to Paris for the COP21 talks, the climate change talks taking place in Paris. I was very proud of our delega-tion consisting of Senator W
HITEHOUSE , 
Senator F RANKEN , Senator M ARKEY , 
Senator M ERKLEY , Senator U DALL , 
Senator S HAHEEN , Senator C OONS , Sen-
ator B OOKER , and Senator S CHATZ . All 
of us participated in the meetings that took place in Paris. We were impressed that 150 leaders of the world were in Paris at one time to show their support for a successful outcome on climate change and to express their urgency for dealing with this issue. I think it was a strong followup to the challenge Pope Francis gave all of us as to the moral challenge of our time to protect our planet for future generations. 
At the meeting in Paris, we recog-
nized that our global health is at stake. Whether we are talking about our individual States—and I could talk about the people on Smith Island, as their island is disappearing, or the health of the Chesapeake Bay, and my colleagues in the western part of this country could talk about the wildfires and what is happening there. In Asia, we see climate migrants as a result of climate change. In Greenland, we see the glaciers disappearing. Every nation is at risk as a result of global climate change, and that is why 150 leaders went to Paris. The objective is clear. We had a 
chance to talk to the Secretary Gen-eral of the United Nations, Ban Ki- moon. He made it clear that our goal at a minimum should be to reduce the increase in warming by 2 degrees Cel-sius. That is doable. The scientists tell us we can do it. And if we do, we will have a healthier planet, we will create more jobs, and not only America but the world will be more secure. 
It was clear that U.S. leadership was 
critically important to that moment in Paris. President Obama, in getting China and other countries to submit action plans, encouraged over 180 coun-tries that are participating in the Paris talks to submit their own action plans to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions. That represents over 97 percent of the world’s emitters. 
As I mentioned, we met with the Sec-
retary General of the United Nations, Ban Ki-moon. We all met with former Vice President Al Gore. I think we all were inspired by his lifelong dedication to this issue. We had a chance to meet with U.S. lead negotiator Todd Stern, who updated us on what was hap-pening. 
We were particularly impressed with 
Secretary Moniz, our Secretary of En-ergy. He had earlier announced, with other world energy leaders, an innova-tion initiative showing how we can use U.S. technology to make it easier for the world to meet their goals in reduc-ing greenhouse gas emissions and at the same time create more jobs in America. It was an impressive display. 
We had a chance to meet with local 
leaders. Mayor Bloomberg convened a summit of mayors. I was proud that my mayor from Baltimore City, Steph-anie Rawlings-Blake, was there. 
My colleagues participated in bilat-
eral meetings of other countries to en-courage them to be aggressive in sub-mitting their obligations and how we could follow up and make sure we achieve our goals. 
It was clear that Paris is heading to-
ward a successful agreement, and it will have U.S. support. We mentioned our commitment to carry not just our individual commitment but to be part of the global agreements in Paris. 
We pointed out that in 1992, the 
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change was ratified by the U.S. Senate. This is the legal basis for moving forward. We also pointed out that our obligations to comply with our own commitments are controlled by the Clean Air Act, which is the law of our country. We pointed out the ac-tions taken by the Obama administra-tion. We also pointed out that 69 per-cent of Americans agree that we should have a multilateral commitment to re-duce our carbon emissions. 
It was clear to us that by working to-
gether, we can have a healthier planet for our children and our grandchildren. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor to 
Senator U
DALL , one of the great lead-
ers on the environment and a very ac-tive member of our delegation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to 
first say to Senator C
ARDIN , who led 
our delegation—Senator C ARDIN is the 
ranking member on the Foreign Rela-tions Committee. Foreign relations has a lot to do with this issue. He showed great leadership, and I believe he is passionate about this issue and finding solutions. 
So we were somewhat disappointed, 
the 10 of us who went—all Democrats— that Republicans didn’t join us. This is an issue that needs bipartisanship. We need to join—Republicans and Demo-crats—on an issue that threatens our national security, threatens our econ-omy, and threatens our environment. It is an issue that is looming out there and needs attention. So we look for-ward to working with our friends on the other side of the aisle to move for-ward on this issue. 
As I looked over there and saw what 
was happening, I remembered many of the briefings we have had. Everyone who has looked at this challenge of global warming and climate change says that we need to do two things. First, we need to drive capital to new energy sources, to clean energy sources. We need to innovate is what they are talking about. If you get the capital there and you get the private sector working, you can come up with the solutions. Secondly, we need to put a signal in the marketplace to invest in clean energy and renewable energy. 
I was so proud of what happened over 
there in terms of the world joining to-gether. More than 184 countries came together, and we are going to see the conclusion of their action this week. They have stepped forward and said: We are going to have targets, we are going to have goals, and we are going to be transparent. We are going to let people know we are moving in the di-rection of solutions and doing some-thing about this immense problem. 
So it was a major step forward to see 
those 184 countries step up and decide to do something. 
In addition, Bill Gates led a group of 
entrepreneurs over to Paris to an-nounce and to challenge the world about energy research and develop-ment. As everyone knows, Bill Gates is one of our great entrepreneurs. He and his wife are also philanthropists. He stepped up with 27 other billionaires to say: We are going to put billions into research and development, and we are going to put it into innovation. They called this project Mission Innovation, and they challenged other countries around the world to do the same thing—double their energy research and budget. 
So seeing 184 countries step up to the 
plate and say ‘‘We are going to do this’’—and I think we will see those an-nouncements in the next couple of days—and seeing these entrepreneurs step forward I think was a signal—and a bold signal—to the marketplace that we are changing and moving in a new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.034 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8577 December 10, 2015 
direction and that we are going to get 
this done. 
I am very proud of my State of New 
Mexico because we have all sorts of en-ergy—uranium, coal, oil, gas—and we have many renewable sources—wind, biomass, solar, geothermal, but we have taken a strong step in New Mex-ico to push for renewable resources. In our State statutes, we pushed for a re-newable electricity standard of 10 per-cent by 2010. We met that early, so we put another standard in place of 20 per-cent by 2020. 
We are really in the bull’s-eye in 
terms of climate change in New Mexico because of what we see and what we know happens in the Southwest. The temperatures are twice as high. We have seen those temperatures increase over the last 50 years. So we know there is a crisis, we know there is an issue, we know we need to do some-thing about this, and we are very will-ing to step forward. 
Mr. President, according to a study 
at Los Alamos National Laboratory, by 2050—not far away—we may not have any forests left in my State. It will be as if New Mexico were dragged 300 miles to the south. Our climate will re-semble land that is now in the middle of the Chihuahuan desert. 
Now, I am not a scientist. Neither 
are my colleagues. But the experts at LANL—and scientists all over the world—are clear. If we do nothing, global warming will only get worse. 
The nations of the world know this. 
That is why over 190 nations are in Paris: To meet the challenge of climate change, and to do it together. 
The Paris agreement will not solve 
the problem of global warming by itself, but it is a major step forward. It is what we need to ensure every coun-try does its part, and does its fair share on climate change. 
The largest emitters in the devel-
oping world—China and India—are 
making serious commitments. They understand, they have to reduce their reliance on fossil fuels. 
This is about their economy, and it is 
about a commitment to future genera-tions. 
Opponents of U.S. climate action 
have argued that other nations—espe-cially China—would never act to limit their emissions. Well, now they are. This is encouraging—and something we need to encourage further. That is what the world’s scientists tell us. That is what our own Department of Defense tells us. We can make progress now—or face ever greater instability later. 
More than 180 nations are on board 
with individual commitments. They will take concrete steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. This is his-toric. This will slow global warming— and it must be done now, not later. The world cannot afford to wait. 
These nations see the threat. They 
see the mounting danger. A representa-tive from Bangladesh told me that in his country every day, they face the threat of rising sea levels. These countries came to Paris with a 
commitment to succeed. 
And the work began before Paris— 
such as when the U.S. and China an-nounced major mitigation commit-ments last year. 
Our task now is to keep up the mo-
mentum, to keep moving forward— both at home and abroad. I believe there are two things we can do right now: 
No. 1, work to drive capital to new 
energy efficient technologies. We need to renew the Production Tax Credit for renewables. Tax incentives have been in place for decades for oil and gas. 
Wind, solar and biofuels need that in-
vestment as well. 
No. 2, send a positive signal to the 
markets. That means keeping our own climate goals on track, and stopping efforts that would turn back progress. That means encouraging capital in-vestment in sustainable energy—not just in the U.S, but, throughout the world. 
We are seeing a growing investment 
in new technologies with public and private resources. Last week, 28 of the world’s billionaires committed to in-vesting in energy research and innova-tion. 
And we are seeing a major market 
signal that there is demand for those technologies—here in the U.S. through the Clean Power Plan and other meas-ures, and across the globe, especially in developing countries, that have dem-onstrated a commitment to grow their economies in a cleaner, more sustain-able way. 
Now is the time for action. America 
must lead, because we cannot ignore the danger—to our planet, to our econ-omy, and to our security. The science is clear, the threat is growing, and time is running out. 
This is not news to people in my 
State. In New Mexico, temperatures are rising 50 percent faster than the global average—not just this year or last year, but for decades. 
We have seen historic droughts. 
When it does rain we have seen terrible flooding. And we have seen the worst wildfires in New Mexico’s history. What we have not seen—what we have waited for—is for Congress to act. 
It has not been for lack of trying. 
There have been many attempts—in-cluding bipartisan ones. But each and every time Congress failed to make it to the finish line, failed to pass com-prehensive legislation—in both Houses—to curb our greenhouse gas emissions. 
Just this week, the Senate Commerce 
Subcommittee on Science held a hear-ing focused on whether climate change is real. This is settled science. The world has moved on. The United States Congress should, too. 
So the President and the EPA have 
used their authority under the Clean Air Act to lead. They have done what needs to be done, with the support of many of us here in Congress—and of the American people. The Clean Power Plan is reasonable, 
and it will make a difference to re-strict emissions from new and existing power plants. 
Mr. President, I hope that going for-
ward Congress will work on solutions— rather than wasting time on Resolu-tions of Disapproval, rather than wast-ing time on questioning science. 
The American people do not want a 
science debate. They want action. The world has come together in Paris. Na-tions are moving forward. The very real question now is—how do we keep that going? 
As a member of the Appropriations 
Committee, I will continue to fight against dangerous environmental rid-ers. 
I am encouraged by the conference in 
Paris, and I am confident that the United States will continue to lead— even if our Republican colleagues con-tinue to block. 
With increased U.S. leadership over 
the last 5 years we have made great international progress. The Paris con-ference is evidence of that. 
Another sign of progress—the world’s 
largest oil and gas companies are sup-porting a climate agreement. 
BP, Shell—and the massive state oil 
companies of Saudi Arabia and Mex-ico—are among the ten major oil com-panies making commitments. 
The United States can help lead this 
effort—not only at the negotiating table in Paris, but on the front lines in New Mexico and every other State. 
Because in this great challenge, there 
is also great opportunity. Our country can lead the world in a clean energy economy. We have the technology, we have the resources. We need the com-mitment. 
That means finding solutions, devel-
oping technology, and not denying sci-entific reality; not wasting time on empty resolutions that come from no-where and go nowhere. 
There are now more solar jobs in the 
United States than coal jobs. 
My state has every kind of energy re-
source: Coal, oil, gas, uranium, solar, wind, algae biofuel and more. We are doing all we can to diversify—and re-duce carbon emissions. A clean energy economy protects our communities and creates jobs. 
A renewable electricity standard— 
which I have long fought for—would create 300,000 jobs. Most of these jobs are high-paying, they are local, and they cannot be shipped overseas. 
Support for renewable energy is 
strong. Nearly half of the U.S. Senate supported my amendment in January for a Renewable Electricity Standard that would mandate that 30 percent of our energy come from renewable re-sources by 2030. Over half the States al-ready have renewable energy port-folios. Many of them are being met and exceeded. 
In New Mexico, we are blessed with 
great natural resources and with great human resources as well. Researchers at Sandia and Los Alamos national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.036 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8578 December 10, 2015 
labs are studying climate change—not 
with an agenda, but with a commit-ment—to tackling the problem, with real science and with real innovation. 
Together, we can meet this chal-
lenge. We can find a path forward that works. We can work with the global community. We can protect our planet. But, America must lead and help drive progress across the world. 
Mr. President, 48 national security 
and foreign policy leaders—Democrats and Republicans alike—have sounded the alarm. From Chuck Hagel to Wil-liam Cohen, from Madeleine Albright to George Schultz, in a joint statement they urge us to fight climate change. They urge us to ‘‘think past tomor-row.’’ 
The Paris agreement is a starting 
point and a historic opening for a glob-al effort to address climate change. It is an opportunity, it is an obligation, and it is something that history will show was the right thing to do. 
Mr. President, I see my colleagues 
have joined me on the floor. Senator S
CHATZ , Senator S HAHEEN , and Senator 
CORYBOOKER are down here, and they 
have done excellent work. I yield at this time to Senator S
CHATZ . I would 
just say by the way of introduction that I am so impressed with his State and the leadership in his State. Hawaii is going to be a 100-percent renewable State in 2040. A lot of that is due to his leadership and his legislature and Gov-ernor stepping up to the plate. 
With that, Senator S
CHATZ . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I thank 
the senior Senator from New Mexico for his longtime leadership on climate and conservation issues. 
I have been working on this for a 
long time, as many of us on the floor have been working on this for a long time, and I have not been so hopeful in a very long time. I am reminded of the essential elements of success when it comes to an international agreement, and that is American leadership. We still remain the indispensable Nation, and we finally reasserted ourselves and reclaimed the moral high ground and the political high ground that put us in a position to stitch together an inter-national agreement. 
One observation I will offer from the 
Paris climate talks is how positive the response was. I think we anticipated that we were going to have to do per-haps more troubleshooting, more allay-ing of concerns about America’s com-mitment to climate action than we ended up having to do. That is because people understand that the President is committed, and people understand that the Clean Power Plan is going forward, and we are making progress and there is no turning back. 
I will offer seven very quick observa-
tions about the Paris climate talks. The first is this: It is already a success. If you had told any knowledgeable ob-server that they were going to get 185 countries—representing 97 percent of countries and 98 percent of emissions— 
and 150 heads of State in the same place at the same time—the most in history—if you had said that 2 years ago, that would have sounded wildly optimistic. We really are making progress. 
No. 2, this is not going to require 
Senate approval. There have been more than 18,000 such agreements that our President and Presidents in the past have entered into over time not requir-ing Senate approval. 
No. 3—and this is important and 
can’t be overstated—it is not enough. If we want to hit the 2-degree Celsius tar-get, this only gets us about 40 percent there. But 40 percent there is 40 per-cent there. We were at zero 3 weeks ago. So I think getting 40 percent there is very important. 
I think the other thing we have 
learned from other states and other countries and even in the private sec-tor is that once you unleash the power of clean energy on the private sector, there is no turning back. So we antici-pate being able to ratchet up these agreements every 3 to 5 years on an international basis. 
No. 4, it is way more than expected 
and way more than ever before. 
No. 5, I think we need to know that 
there are some pretty good account-ability and transparency mechanisms in there. This was a key element of the negotiations that Secretary Kerry and the President himself have insisted upon. We need to know—the United States has a robust reporting mecha-nism. At the public utilities commis-sion level, at the regional level, we know exactly what our energy port-folio is. That is a little bit more of a challenge in the developing world, so we had to develop a matrix so we know that countries aren’t cheating or they are not getting their own data wrong. I feel satisfied that it is likely to hit those marks. 
No. 6, it is wildly popular in the 
United States. Two-thirds of Ameri-cans support an international climate agreement. A bare majority of Repub-licans, a decisive majority of young Republicans, and decisive majorities of Democrats and Independents support international climate action. 
No. 7 is this: People are going to try 
to undo this. They are going to do it through the Congressional Review Act. They are going to try to do it through the appropriations process. They are going to try to do it through the elec-toral process. That is the democratic process, and that is OK. But there is no 
turning back either legislatively, po-litically, or in terms of the momentum we have in the private sector. 
I would like to introduce someone 
who has come at climate from a dif-ferent perspective, as he always does, who has become a leader on these issues, and who was an incredible asset during the weekend we were in Paris, and that is the junior Senator from New Jersey, Mr. C
ORYBOOKER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, just a 
brief moment. First and foremost, I want to thank the group of Senators who went over to Paris on the codel. It was very important that the United States of America was well represented there and that this body was well rep-resented there. 
I especially thank Senator C
ARDIN for 
leading that codel. His leadership was critical. As the ranking member of Foreign Relations, to have him lead 
and understand that this is a critical issue not just in regard to the climate in general but also to our national de-fense, to our strength as a Nation, and to our economy—it was good to have him leading and understanding the breadth of these issues. 
When I was over there, I was moved 
to see virtually all of the globe rep-resented by leaders, heads of state, members of Parliament, NGOs, cor-porations—major, global, dominant corporations. Everyone was there. There was an array of the planet com-ing together, focused on this issue of the impacts of climate change. Con-versations ranged from focusing on us being innovative and how we are deal-ing with renewable technology so that technology can be a great pathway to-ward sustainability in the future, all the way to resiliency and making sure we were doing the things to protect populations from the effect of climate change, especially when it comes to poor populations who are dispropor-tionately affected. 
I had the chance, the honor while I 
was there of leading a bilateral con-versation with Bangladesh, talking to peer leaders—the United States sitting down at a table with and across the table from Ministry and Parliamentary members from Bangladesh. 
By many estimates, Bangladesh is 
the most vulnerable country on the globe to climate change—the most vul-nerable large country to climate change. It is about the size of Iowa. It faces serious challenges with melting off the Himalayas as well as rising sea levels. 
Due to climate change, right now 
Bangladesh is losing 1 percent of its ar-able land each year, and it is projected over the next decade or so—leading into 2030—to lose a large percentage of its land, displacing millions of Bangladeshis, literally creating cli-mate refugees. The sea level rising is predicted to inundate about 15 percent of the land area and create refugees, making it a reality for them that is so urgent that they went there with a large degree of mission to join with other global actors. 
I was proud to be able to sit with 
them and talk to them about New Jer-sey—not only a State that has 75,000 people who are Bangladeshis but also a State that knows that our economy and our strength as a State will be af-fected by climate change as well. We are already seeing what is happening with the warming of our oceans, the acidification of our oceans, how it is af-fecting the many jobs related to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.007 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8579 December 10, 2015 
fishing industry. We are already seeing 
the challenges with our climate in terms of increased weather activity and severe storms. 
This is an issue that affects America 
that we cannot solve without joining with the rest of the globe. We know that the injustices that are happening to our Nation in terms of increased fires, in terms of despoliation of our seas, the challenges being faced with weather activity internally in our country—we know these issues cannot be solved locally unless we deal with them globally. That is why I am grate-ful for all of those who understand that American leadership is incredibly need-ed. 
I am proud to stand here with col-
leagues of mine and continue to send a strong message to the rest of the globe that we are here in the United States strongly supporting the ambitious commitments of President Obama, the ones that he is making, and that we will defend those communities that are facing this crisis in the immediate and long term. We will be leaders. 
One of my colleagues and someone 
whom I have come to respect quite a bit was an incredibly strong voice in Paris, someone who is committed to these issues not only in her home State but, as an American, across our coun-try. I wish to now engage and acknowl-edge Senator J
EANNE SHAHEEN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to be here on the floor with my colleagues—those of us who went to Paris, led by Senator C
ARDIN , for this 
climate summit. 
At the conference in Paris, more 
than 180 countries accounting for over 90 percent of global emissions were there. They all submitted their plans for how they are going to reduce emis-sions, with the goal of keeping global warming below 2 degrees Centigrade by the end of this century. 
One of the things I was impressed 
with in Paris was that the countries that were there represented everybody from China to the Marshall Islands, and all of them understood that cli-mate change is real, that it is a threat to our planet, and that we have to do something about it. They understand that because they have seen it. They have seen it in their home countries. They have seen rising sea levels, ex-treme weather events, environmental changes—all linked to global warming. 
Here in the United States, we see it 
too. According to a recent Pew poll, two-thirds of all Americans recognize that climate change is real and that action must be taken to address it. We see it in my home State of New Hamp-shire, where we are seeing a change in our wildlife population, a change in our snowpacks that affects our ski season, our foliage season is affected, and it has an economic impact on our State. But the exciting thing is—and we saw this very clearly in Paris—that at the local level, mayors, Governors, local leaders around the world understand 
that we have to take action to address it, and they were there in Paris urging the negotiators to come to some sort of an agreement. 
In New Hampshire, we have taken ac-
tion. With nine other Northeastern States, we have been part of a regional cap-and-trade program called the Re-gional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. As a result of that and other actions that we have taken, we are going to meet the goals of the Clean Power Plan 10 years early. 
The Regional Greenhouse Gas Initia-
tive has generated $1.6 billion in net economic value. It has created more than 16,000 jobs across the region. That is one of the benefits of the action we can take to address climate change. As we all know here, it doesn’t matter what we do in New Hampshire. It doesn’t matter what we do in this country. Unless we get a global agree-ment in Paris so we are all going to move forward together to address the harmful impacts of climate change, we are going to see the continued sea level rise, the continued extreme weather events, all of the continued negative impacts of that global warming. 
Finally, I want to say that for me 
one of the most exciting things about meeting with people when we were in Paris was hearing that they were cau-tiously optimistic that we will get an agreement, that we will take action, and we will be able to make a dif-ference for our planet and for future generations. 
I was pleased to have Senator C
HRIS 
COONS from Delaware with us on this 
trip. I know he is going to talk about what he observed when we were in Paris. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I wish to 
express my gratitude to Senator C
ARDIN for leading this great delega-
tion of 10 Senators to the Paris Con-ference of Parties—the COP21, the global climate change conference in Paris—and to Senator S
HAHEEN of New 
Hampshire for her tireless leadership on energy efficiency. The least expen-sive, most powerful way we can reduce our energy consumption is by investing in new technologies and new ap-proaches that help create jobs and manufacturing in the United States and reduce our total energy consump-tion and footprint. 
I think the Paris conference has al-
ready been a success from the outset. As we heard directly from the head of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon, 150 heads of state gathered at the very out-set of that conference, and 184 coun-tries made voluntary national commit-ments to reducing their greenhouse gas emissions, to reducing their carbon footprint, and to working together to find sustainable solutions to this very real challenge. 
The other thing I found most encour-
aging about the many conversations we had with governmental leaders, with advocates, with nonprofit leaders was a 
commitment to bring together devel-oped countries such as the United States and European and Asian allies of ours and the developing world—the very large countries such as India and China which have become major emitters of greenhouse gases—to bring them all together in one common agreement. 
One other comment I wish to make 
that comes out of what we saw going through an Innovation Fair that was hosted by Secretary Ernie Moniz of our Department of Energy was that gov-ernments alone can’t solve climate change. Global conferences, such as the one we attended, are important—they are critical—but making real and sus-tained impact on fighting climate change is also going to require new and innovative approaches, and that re-quires investment by the private sector and by the Federal Government in clean energy and energy efficiency re-search and development. 
Commitments made in Paris, such as 
the announced new mission innovation and the breakthrough energy coalition, which are public-private partnerships to ramp up and accelerate our invest-ment in research and development are more important than ever. 
We also had a chance to attend a 
meeting of some national leaders, of mayors and county executives, of Gov-ernors, and folks who lead regions and provinces around the world where re-markable progress has been made. At the same time that we are moving for-ward through this global conference as a group of nations, it is also important to recognize what subnational groups have done. 
Senator S
HAHEEN referenced the Re-
gional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, which New Hampshire and my home State of Delaware participate in. It has been a remarkable and effective way for a whole group of Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern States to work together. The nine participating States have re-duced our emissions by nearly 20 per-cent while also seeing stronger eco-nomic growth than the rest of the country, I think, suggesting it is pos-sible for us to both reduce our green-house gas emissions and continue to grow a strong economy. 
In fact, my home State of Delaware 
has reduced its GHG emissions more than any other State in the last 6 years. That is partly due to the great leadership of my Governor, Jack Markell, and partly due to the deploy-ment of a lot of new solar systems and a lot of investment in energy effi-ciency. 
If I might, let me mention one impor-
tant piece of bipartisan legislation that I think is part of solving this challenge of how do we achieve an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy future that has sus-tained long-term investments in clean energy and energy efficiency research and deployment; that is, the Master Limited Partnerships Parity Act. This is a very bipartisan bill that has long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.039 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8580 December 10, 2015 
had the support of Republican Senators 
MURKOWSKI , M ORAN , C OLLINS , and 
GARDNER . Even Congressman T EDPOE, 
of Houston, TX, who represents a great deal of oil and gas in his district, is an advocate for this bill. I have been lead-ing it, along with Senator S
TABENOW , 
Senator B ENNET , Senator K ING, and 
others in this Chamber. It is an impor-tant way that we can allow master lim-ited partnerships, long available to the oil and gas industry, to be opened up to all forms of energy to make it a level playing field and to provide opportuni-ties going forward to finance renewable energy products and energy efficiency projects. This small tweak to our Tax Code could make a cumulative big dif-ference going forward. 
In conclusion, let me renew my point 
that government alone can’t solve cli-mate change, but it has a central role to play in bringing together the people who can. Let’s pass the MLP Parity Act, and let’s make long-term, sus-tained investments in Federal R&D. Let’s bring together public, private, and nonprofit leaders because there is no limit to what we can accomplish when our brightest scientific minds, business leaders, and our diplomats working for us in Paris come together to lay out a positive, sustained goal. 
I wish to yield the floor to my col-
league, the junior Senator from the State of Rhode Island, who has been a tremendous and tireless champion for conservation and in particular for our oceans, which are such a vital part of our climate future. 
I yield the floor to Mr. W
HITEHOUSE  
of Rhode Island. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
one of the features of our trip to Paris was the presence of America’s cor-porate leaders there urging us on. We not only met with significant cor-porate leaders like people from Citigroup, PG&E, VF Industries, and others, but they were cheering us on publicly in advertisements like this one taken out by the food and beverage industry, calling on a strong Paris cli-mate agreement. The companies who signed this include Mars—if you like M&Ms, you like Mars—General Mills, Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, Hershey and Nestle, Kellogg, Unilever, and others. 
The food and beverage industry was 
joined by an advertisement from some of America’s apparel leaders: VF Cor-poration, based in North Carolina, which produces North Face, Timberland, and a whole variety of other very well-known and popular brands—Adidas, the shoe manufac-turer; Levis, if you know jeans you know Levis; Gap, which has stores all over the country; and others from the apparel industry. Perhaps the biggest advertisement that the American busi-ness community took out was this one: Companies like not only Johnson & Johnson, the bandaid people, but John-son Controls, Colgate-Palmolive, Owens Corning, Procter & Gamble, Du-pont, and utilities like National Grid 
and PG&E. So corporate America made a very strong statement in support of a strong Paris climate deal. 
The last one I will show is this one, 
which was taken out by America’s fi-nancial leaders—Bank of America, Citi, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Mor-gan Stanley, and Wells Fargo. There was a strong, powerful message from America’s corporate leadership that I very much hope our colleagues on the other side will begin to listen to; that Paris is a good thing, a strong agree-ment is a good thing, and we need to make progress together. 
With that, I will turn over the floor 
to my terrific colleague Senator M
ERKLEY from Oregon. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, a 
huge thanks to my colleagues who have been presenting so many impor-tant dimensions of this battle against a major threat to the health of our plan-et. Indeed, Henry David Thoreau asked, ‘‘What’s the use of a fine house if you haven’t got a tolerable planet to put it on?’’ That was an excellent question decades ago but an even more impor-tant one today, when we have a signifi-cant threat that endangers our forests, our farming, our fishing, and human civilization on this planet. This is the challenge of our generation, to bring human civilization together to address carbon pollution and its impacts. 
While in Paris something very excit-
ing was going on—150 world leaders came together to kick off the final ne-gotiations. That is unprecedented in human history. Why were so many leaders there? They were there because they are seeing the impacts in their own individual nations that are coming from the rising temperatures. They came together not just with their voice but with their pledges. In fact, more than 180 countries put forward pledges about how they were going to reduce the trajectory of their carbon pollution footprints. They know what is at stake. 
We certainly know in Oregon what is 
at stake. We see the pine beetle dev-astating forests, creating a red zone of dying trees. We see the longer forest fire season having a big impact, with more intense blazes and more of them over more months. We see the impact of the loss of snowpack in the Cascades impacting our streams and impacting the water supply for agriculture. The Klamath Basin, along with California, is locked into a deep drought with dev-astating consequences. We see it over on our coast, where the more acidic Pa-cific Ocean is creating problems for our shellfish industry because the baby oysters have trouble making their shells. How is this connected? Because the carbon pollution in the air is ab-sorbed into the ocean via waves and creates carbonic acid, and that more acidic water is eroding the ability of our shellfish to operate as they have for a millennium in making shells. 
We know this is not just something 
in Oregon, not just something in Mary-land, and not just something in this 
State or that State but worldwide, where 2014 was the warmest year on record. In fact, 14 of the 15 warmest years on record have happened in this century. Now we see 2015 on the trajec-tory, and it is going to be warmer than 2014. 
There is nothing disputable about the 
facts: rising carbon dioxide and meth-ane pollution, rising consequences for our States across America, rising con-sequences for the world. Scientists tell us it will get worse. We have only had a 0.9-degree centigrade increase. If we get to 2 degrees, it is catastrophic. It is pretty bad now. We must come to-gether as an international community and address that. 
In Paris we know we need to have a 
more ambitious agenda than the one we have laid out, even with these won-derful pledges, and we need to come back every 5 years and keep driving the process forward. We know we have to lower the costs for renewable energy so we can come back together and in-crease the pace at which we pivot from a fossil fuel energy economy to a re-newable energy economy. 
We know we need to invest in solar 
deployment, and there is the Inter-national Solar Initiative that India is going to host a secretariat for and work to deploy a trillion dollars in solar panels. We know innovation mat-ters, and mission innovation with the United States and other nations dou-bling their investment over the next 5 years will do a lot more to lower costs and increase the efficiency of tech-nologies in clean power and clean power storage. 
Well, it is a big challenge, and I am 
so delighted to be able to be part of a community of legislators. One of those legislators who has led on this in the House for decades, brought his exper-tise to the Senate, is my colleague from Massachusetts Senator M
ARKEY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Oregon for his leader-ship, bringing the message of the harm being done to our natural world, I thank Senator C
ARDIN for taking this 
delegation of 10 Members to Paris, and I thank the Senator for having this ses-sion on the floor. 
We are at an inflection point. We are 
at a point where the danger to the planet is clear. 
Mr. President, 2014 was the warmest 
year ever recorded. This past November was the warmest November ever re-corded. October was the warmest Octo-
ber ever recorded. There is now a warming of our planet that is inten-sifying dangerously, and we have to act in order to avoid the most catastrophic consequences, and that is what is hap-pening in Paris right now. The United States is leading the way. The rest of the world is coming together, and we have a chance to have a very good agreement. 
We are going to have the President’s 
back because the 1992 treaty, under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.042 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8581 December 10, 2015 
which he is negotiating, was ratified by 
this body. The Clean Air Act that he is operating under was passed by this body. The clean power rules and in-crease in fuel economy standards—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for an additional 1 
minute to speak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, this 
afternoon—and I think it will continue over the next week—the Republicans and the American petroleum industry are going to try to lift the ban on the exportation of American oil, which could lead to more drilling for millions of barrels of oil on our soil, while at the same time not giving a simulta-neous, equal extension of wind and solar tax breaks so that we can con-tinue this revolution that we are brag-ging about in Paris right now to the rest of the world. These two things do not go together. 
You cannot simultaneously drill for 
more oil that is not drilled for today and then have an ending of the wind and solar tax breaks as they are kick-ing in. You cannot preach temperance from a barstool. You cannot preach temperance as you are putting up new oil rigs and simultaneously say that the wind and solar tax breaks are going to end and end soon. We have to have both if there is going to be a deal, and right now that is in question in this Chamber. It is important for the Amer-ican people to know that answer be-cause in Paris they are waiting for this answer. There are 190 nations that want to know that we are actually going to do what we are saying we are going to do in this agreement that we are trying to reach—the most impor-tant agreement for this century in terms of the well-being of the planet. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for al-
lowing me that courtesy, and I thank the Senator from Utah for his forbear-ance. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 116, H.R. 2250. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations 
for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Appropriations, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: That the following sums are appropriated, out 
of any money in the Treasury and otherwise ap-propriated, for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
TITLE I 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
SENATE 
EXPENSE ALLOWANCES  
For expense allowances of the Vice President, 
$18,760; the President Pro Tempore of the Sen-ate, $37,520; Majority Leader of the Senate, $39,920; Minority Leader of the Senate, $39,920; Majority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; Minority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; Chairmen of the Ma-jority and Minority Conference Committees, $4,690 for each Chairman; and Chairmen of the Majority and Minority Policy Committees, $4,690 for each Chairman; in all, $174,840. 
R
EPRESENTATION ALLOWANCES FOR THE  
MAJORITY AND MINORITY LEADERS  
For representation allowances of the Majority 
and Minority Leaders of the Senate, $14,070 for each such Leader; in all, $28,140. 
S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  
For compensation of officers, employees, and 
others as authorized by law, including agency contributions, $179,185,311, which shall be paid from this appropriation without regard to the following limitations: 
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENT  
For the Office of the Vice President, 
$2,417,248. 
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE  
For the Office of the President Pro Tempore, 
$723,466. 
OFFICES OF THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY  
LEADERS  
For Offices of the Majority and Minority 
Leaders, $5,255,576. 
OFFICES OF THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY WHIPS  
For Offices of the Majority and Minority 
Whips, $3,359,424. 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  
For salaries of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, $15,142,000. 
CONFERENCE COMMITTEES  
For the Conference of the Majority and the 
Conference of the Minority, at rates of com-pensation to be fixed by the Chairman of each such committee, $1,658,000 for each such com-mittee; in all, $3,316,000. 
OFFICES OF THE SECRETARIES OF THE CON -
FERENCE OF THE MAJORITY AND THE CON -
FERENCE OF THE MINORITY  
For Offices of the Secretaries of the Con-
ference of the Majority and the Conference of the Minority, $817,402. 
POLICY COMMITTEES  
For salaries of the Majority Policy Committee 
and the Minority Policy Committee, $1,692,905 for each such committee; in all, $3,385,810. 
OFFICE OF THE CHAPLAIN  
For Office of the Chaplain, $436,886. 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
For Office of the Secretary, $24,772,000. 
OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS AND  
DOORKEEPER  
For Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper, $69,000,000. 
OFFICES OF THE SECRETARIES FOR THE MAJORITY  
AND MINORITY  
For Offices of the Secretary for the Majority 
and the Secretary for the Minority, $1,762,000. 
AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS AND RELATED EXPENSES  
For agency contributions for employee bene-
fits, as authorized by law, and related expenses, $48,797,499. 
O
FFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL OF THE  
SENATE  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of the 
Legislative Counsel of the Senate, $5,408,500. OFFICE OF SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of Sen-
ate Legal Counsel, $1,120,000. 
EXPENSE ALLOWANCES OF THE SECRETARY OF  
THESENATE , SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOOR-
KEEPER OF THE SENATE , ANDSECRETARIES FOR  
THEMAJORITY AND MINORITY OF THE SENATE  
For expense allowances of the Secretary of the 
Senate, $7,110; Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper of the Senate, $7,110; Secretary for the Majority of the Senate, $7,110; Secretary for the Minority of the Senate, $7,110; in all, $28,440. 
C
ONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE SENATE  
INQUIRIES AND INVESTIGATIONS  
For expenses of inquiries and investigations 
ordered by the Senate, or conducted under para-graph 1 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, section 112 of the Supplemental Ap-propriations and Rescission Act, 1980 (Public Law 96–304), and Senate Resolution 281, 96th Congress, agreed to March 11, 1980, $133,265,000, of which $26,650,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
EXPENSES OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE CAUCUS  
ON INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL  
For expenses of the United States Senate Cau-
cus on International Narcotics Control, $508,000. 
SECRETARY OF THE SENATE  
For expenses of the Office of the Secretary of 
the Senate, $8,750,000 of which $4,350,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020 and of which $2,500,000 shall remain available until ex-pended. 
SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOORKEEPER OF THE  
SENATE  
For expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $130,000,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS  
For miscellaneous items, $21,390,270 which 
shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
SENATORS ’ OFFICIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE  
EXPENSE ACCOUNT  
For Senators’ Official Personnel and Office 
Expense Account, $390,000,000 of which $19,121,212 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
OFFICIAL MAIL COSTS  
For expenses necessary for official mail costs 
of the Senate, $300,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING IN SENATORS ’ 
OFFICIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE EXPENSE AC -
COUNT TO BE USED FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION OR  
TO REDUCE THE FEDERAL DEBT  
SEC. 1. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act under the heading ‘‘SENATE’’ under the heading ‘‘C
ONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE SEN-
ATE’’ under the heading ‘‘ SENATORS ’ OFFICIAL  
PERSONNEL AND OFFICE EXPENSE ACCOUNT ’’ shall 
be available for obligation only during the fiscal year or fiscal years for which such amounts are made available. Any unexpended balances under such allowances remaining after the end of the period of availability shall be returned to the Treasury in accordance with the undesig-nated paragraph under the center heading ‘‘GENERAL PROVISION’’ under chapter XI of the Third Supplemental Appropriation Act, 1957 (2 U.S.C. 4107) and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS  
SEC. 2. Section 1 of the Legislative Branch Ap-
propriations Act, 1991 (2 U.S.C. 6153) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.046 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8582 December 10, 2015 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c)(1) The Chaplain of the Senate may, dur-
ing any fiscal year, at the election of the Chap-lain of the Senate, transfer funds from the ap-propriation account for salaries for the Office of the Chaplain of the Senate to the account, with-in the contingent fund of the Senate, from which expenses are payable for the Office of the Chaplain. 
‘‘(2) The Chaplain of the Senate may, during 
any fiscal year, at the election of the Chaplain of the Senate, transfer funds from the appro-priation account for expenses, within the con-tingent fund of the Senate, for the Office of the Chaplain to the account from which salaries are payable for the Office of the Chaplain of the Senate.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or the Of-
fice of the Chaplain of the Senate, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘such committee’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or the 
Chaplain of the Senate, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘the Chairman’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by in-
serting ‘‘or the Chaplain of the Senate, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘The Chairman of a com-mittee’’. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
PAYMENT TO WIDOWS AND HEIRS OF DECEASED  
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS  
For payment to Tori B. Nunnelee, widow of 
Alan Nunnelee, late a Representative from the State of Mississippi, $174,000. 
For salaries and expenses of the House of 
Representatives, $1,180,736,000, as follows: 
H
OUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  
For salaries and expenses, as authorized by 
law, $22,278,891, including: Office of the Speak-er, $6,645,417, including $25,000 for official ex-penses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,180,048, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,114,471, includ-ing $10,000 for official expenses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $1,886,632, in-
cluding $5,000 for official expenses of the Major-ity Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, includ-ing the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,459,639, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Mi-nority Whip; Republican Conference, $1,505,426; Democratic Caucus, $1,487,258: Provided, That such amount for salaries and expenses shall re-main available from January 3, 2016 until Janu-ary 2, 2017. 
M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  
INCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  
EXPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL 
For Members’ representational allowances, in-
cluding Members’ clerk hire, official expenses, and official mail, $554,317,732. 
C
OMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  
STANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  
For salaries and expenses of standing commit-
tees, special and select, authorized by House res-olutions, $123,903,173: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2016. 
C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  
For salaries and expenses of the Committee on 
Appropriations, $23,271,004, including studies and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accordance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be available for reimbursement to agen-cies for services performed: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2016. 
S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  
For compensation and expenses of officers and 
employees, as authorized by law, $175,713,679, including: for salaries and expenses of the Of-
fice of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Historian, and including not more than $25,000, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, for official representation and reception expenses, $24,980,898; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Sergeant at Arms, including the posi-tion of Superintendent of Garages and the Of-fice of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $14,827,120 of which $4,784,229 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer including not more than $3,000 for official representation and recep-tion expenses, $115,010,000, of which $1,350,000 shall remain available until expended; for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,741,809; for salaries and expenses of the Office of General Counsel, $1,413,450; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Parlia-mentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $1,974,606; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,119,766; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $8,352,975; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamen-tary Affairs, $814,069; for other authorized em-ployees, $478,986. 
A
LLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  
For allowances and expenses as authorized by 
House resolution or law, $281,251,521, including: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,236; official mail for committees, leadership offices, and administra-tive offices of the House, $190,486; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Se-curity, and other applicable employee benefits, $254,447,514, to remain available until March 31, 2017; Business Continuity and Disaster Recov-ery, $16,217,008 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $2,084,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,467,030; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, inter-parliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $720,247. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
SEC. 101. (a) R EQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING  
INMEMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  
TOBEUSED FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION OR TORE-
DUCE THE FEDERAL DEBT.—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, any amounts appro-priated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES—S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES — 
MEMBERS ’ R EPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ 
shall be available only for fiscal year 2016. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2016 shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget def-icit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appro-priate). 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee on House 
Administration of the House of Representatives shall have authority to prescribe regulations to carry out this section. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—As used in this section, the 
term ‘‘Member of the House of Representatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
DELIVERY OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  
SEC. 102. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the of-fice of a Member of the House of Representatives 
(including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) unless the Member requests a copy. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
SEC. 103. None of the funds made available by 
this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congressional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
LIMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE TO LEASE  
VEHICLES  
SEC. 104. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used by the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives to make any payments from any Members’ Rep-resentational Allowance for the leasing of a ve-hicle, excluding mobile district offices, in an ag-gregate amount that exceeds $1,000 for the vehi-cle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  
SEC. 105. None of the funds made available by 
this Act may be used to provide an aggregate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. 
DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  
SEC. 106. None of the funds made available by 
this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representatives Administra-tive Reform Technical Corrections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress). 
DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  
SEC. 107. None of the funds made available by 
this Act may be used to deliver to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (in-cluding a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Cal-endar of the House of Representatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
JOINT ITEMS 
For Joint Committees, as follows: 
J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  
For salaries and expenses of the Joint Eco-
nomic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
J
OINT CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE ON  
INAUGURAL CEREMONIES OF 2017 
For salaries and expenses associated with con-
ducting the inaugural ceremonies of the Presi-dent and Vice President of the United States, January 20, 2017, in accordance with such pro-gram as may be adopted by the joint congres-sional committee authorized to conduct the in-augural ceremonies of 2017, $1,250,000 to be dis-bursed by the Secretary of the Senate and to re-main available until September 30, 2017: Pro-vided, That funds made available under this heading shall be available for payment, on a di-rect or reimbursable basis, whether incurred on, before, or after, October 1, 2016: Provided fur-ther, That the compensation of any employee of the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate who has been designated to perform service with respect to the inaugural ceremonies of 2017 shall continue to be paid by the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration, but the ac-count from which such staff member is paid may be reimbursed for the services of the staff mem-ber out of funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That there are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations ac-count for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Investiga-tions’’ of the Senate such sums as may be nec-essary, without fiscal year limitation, for agen-cy contributions related to the compensation of employees of the joint congressional committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.010 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8583 December 10, 2015 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Joint Com-
mittee on Taxation, $10,095,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. 
For other joint items, as follows: 
O
FFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  
For medical supplies, equipment, and contin-
gent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his assistants, in-cluding: 
(1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the 
Attending Physician; 
(2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the 
Senior Medical Officer; 
(3) an allowance of $725 per month each to 
three medical officers while on duty in the Of-fice of the Attending Physician; 
(4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 assist-
ants and $580 per month each not to exceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and 
(5) $2,486,000 for reimbursement to the Depart-
ment of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Office of the At-tending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable appropriation or ap-propriations from which such salaries, allow-ances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,371,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Adminis-trative Officer of the House of Representatives. 
O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  
SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of 
Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,387,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
CAPITOL POLICE 
SALARIES  
For salaries of employees of the Capitol Po-
lice, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retire-ment, social security, professional liability in-surance, and other applicable employee benefits, $300,000,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $30,928,000 unless the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House and Senate are notified, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. 
GENERAL EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Capitol Police, 
including motor vehicles, communications and other equipment, security equipment and instal-lation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical services, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the employee assistance program, the awards program, postage, communication serv-ices, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certification of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $66,465,499, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2016 shall be paid by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from funds avail-able to the Department of Homeland Security. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION 
DEPOSIT OF REIMBURSEMENTS FOR LAW  
ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE  
SEC. 1001. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2802(a)(1) 
of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1905(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Dis-trict of Columbia)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘District of Columbia), and from any other source in the case of assistance provided in con-nection with an activity that was not sponsored by Congress’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
2802(a)(2) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1905(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘law enforcement assist-ance to any Federal, State, or local government agency (including any agency of the District of Columbia)’’ and inserting ‘‘any law enforcement assistance for which reimbursement described in paragraph (1) is made’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall only apply with respect to any reimbursement received before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the Act. 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of 
Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $3,959,000, of which $450,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Pro-vided, That not more than $500 may be ex-pended on the certification of the Executive Di-rector of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception ex-penses. 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses necessary for oper-
ation of the Congressional Budget Office, in-cluding not more than $6,000 to be expended on the certification of the Director of the Congres-sional Budget Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $45,700,000. 
ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL 
C
APITOL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  
For salaries for the Architect of the Capitol, 
and other personal services, at rates of pay pro-vided by law; for all necessary expenses for sur-veys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connec-tion with facilities and activities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Bo-tanic Garden; electrical substations of the Cap-itol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Ar-chitect of the Capitol; including furnishings and office equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses, to be expended as the Architect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $91,589,000. 
C
APITOL BUILDING  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of the Capitol, $45,546,000, of which $21,237,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
C
APITOL GROUNDS  
For all necessary expenses for care and im-
provement of grounds surrounding the Capitol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $11,973,000, of which $2,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
S
ENATE OFFICE BUILDINGS  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of Senate office buildings; and furniture and furnishings to be expended under the control and supervision of the Architect of the Capitol, $84,221,000, of which $26,283,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
H
OUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $149,962,000, of which $23,886,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renova-tion of the Cannon House Office Building. 
In addition, for a payment to the House His-
toric Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. C
APITOL POWER PLANT 
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (including the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Gar-den, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrig-eration not supplied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Printing Of-fice and Washington City Post Office, and heat-ing and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Station complex, the Thurgood Marshall Federal Judici-ary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Li-brary, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon request of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be depos-ited into the Treasury to the credit of this ap-propriation, $101,601,000, of which $19,635,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this appro-priation as herein provided shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2016. 
L
IBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  
For all necessary expenses for the mechanical 
and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $29,132,000, of which $3,994,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
C
APITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS , AND 
SECURITY  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever located, the Alternate Computer Facility, and AOC security oper-ations, $22,535,000, of which $4,376,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2020. 
B
OTANIC GARDEN  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of the Botanic Gar-den and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, main-tenance, repair, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $11,980,000, of which $2,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and ex-pend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the Na-tional Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. 
C
APITOL VISITOR CENTER  
For all necessary expenses for the operation of 
the Capitol Visitor Center, $20,844,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
NO BONUSES FOR CONTRACTORS BEHIND SCHEDULE  
OR OVER BUDGET  
SEC. 1101. None of the funds made available in 
this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award payments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is behind schedule or over budget, unless the Architect of the Capitol, or agency-employed designee, determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, government-driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  
SEC. 1102. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for scrims containing photographs of building facades during restora-tion or construction projects performed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.010 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8584 December 10, 2015 
ACQUISITION OF PARCEL AT FORT MEADE  
SEC. 1103. (a) A CQUISITION .—The Architect of 
the Capitol is authorized to acquire from the Maryland State Highway Administration, at no cost to the United States, a parcel of real prop-erty (including improvements thereon) con-sisting of approximately 7.34 acres located with-in the portion of Fort George G. Meade in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, that was trans-ferred to the Architect of the Capitol by the Sec-retary of the Army pursuant to section 122 of the Military Construction Appropriations Act, 1994 (2 U.S.C. 141 note). 
(b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The terms and 
conditions applicable under subsections (b) and (d) of section 122 of the Military Construction Appropriations Act, 1994 (2 U.S.C. 141 note) to the property acquired by the Architect of the Capitol pursuant to such section shall apply to the real property acquired by the Architect pur-suant to the authority of this section. 
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Library of Con-
gress not otherwise provided for, including de-velopment and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Li-brary buildings; special clothing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uniforms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and maintenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publi-cations of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Li-brary of Congress Trust Fund Board not prop-erly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $421,607,000, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from col-lections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2016, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chap-ter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150) and not more than $350,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2016 and shall remain avail-able until expended for the development and maintenance of an international legal informa-tion database and activities related thereto: Pro-vided, That the Library of Congress may not ob-ligate or expend any funds derived from collec-tions under the Act of June 28, 1902, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expend-iture in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collec-tions are less than $6,350,000: Provided further, That, of the total amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the cer-tification of the Librarian of Congress, in con-nection with official representation and recep-tion expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided further, That of the total amount ap-propriated, $8,231,000 shall remain available until expended for the digital collections and educational curricula program: Provided fur-ther, That, of the total amount appropriated, $750,000 shall remain available until expended for upgrade of the Legislative Branch Financial Management System. 
C
OPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For all necessary expenses of the Copyright 
Office, $56,490,000, of which not more than $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2016 under sec-tion 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Pro-vided, That the Copyright Office may not obli-gate or expend any funds derived from collec-tions under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That not more than $5,777,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2016 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(2), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the 
amount by which collections are less than $35,777,000: Provided further, That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the maintenance of an ‘‘Inter-national Copyright Institute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training nationals of developing countries in intellectual property laws and policies: Provided further, That not more than $6,500 may be ex-pended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representa-tion and reception expenses for activities of the International Copyright Institute and for copy-right delegations, visitors, and seminars: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding any provi-sion of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are attributable to royalty fees and pay-ments received by the Copyright Office pursuant to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the admin-istration of the Copyright Royalty Judges pro-gram, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copyright Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). 
C
ONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses to carry out the provi-
sions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitution of the United States of America, $106,945,000: Provided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or expense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publication has obtained prior ap-proval of either the Committee on House Admin-istration of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate. 
B
OOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  
HANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses to carry out the Act 
of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $50,248,000: Provided, That, of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the individual. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
REIMBURSABLE AND REVOLVING FUND ACTIVITIES  
SEC. 1201. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 
2016, the obligational authority of the Library of Congress for the activities described in sub-section (b) may not exceed $186,015,000. 
(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities referred to in 
subsection (a) are reimbursable and revolving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Library in ap-propriations Acts for the legislative branch. 
GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE 
C
ONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For authorized publishing of congressional in-
formation and the distribution of congressional information in any format; expenses necessary for preparing the semimonthly and session index to the Congressional Record, as authorized by law (section 902 of title 44, United States Code); publishing of Government publications author-ized by law to be distributed to Members of Con-gress; and publishing and distribution of Gov-ernment publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the recipient, $79,736,000: Provided, That this appropriation shall not be available for paper copies of the permanent edition of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Com-missioners or Delegates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided fur-ther, That this appropriation shall be available 
for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for pre-ceding fiscal years: Provided further, That, not-withstanding the 2-year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publi-cation after the 27-month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publica-tion is authorized by Congress to be printed, un-less Congress reauthorizes such printing in ac-cordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That any unobli-gated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fis-cal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office business operations revolving fund for carrying out the purposes of this head-ing, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and Senate: Provided further, That, not-withstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congressional Record on only a monthly and session basis. 
P
UBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  
SUPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For expenses of the public information pro-
grams of the Office of Superintendent of Docu-ments necessary to provide for the cataloging and indexing of Government publications and their distribution to the public, Members of Con-gress, other Government agencies, and des-ignated depository and international exchange libraries as authorized by law, $30,500,000: Pro-vided, That amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congressional serial sets and other related publications for fis-cal years 2014 and 2015 to depository and other designated libraries: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this ac-count or accounts for similar purposes for pre-ceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office business oper-ations revolving fund for carrying out the pur-poses of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. 
G
OVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  
OPERATIONS REVOLVING FUND 
For payment to the Government Publishing 
Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $8,764,000, to remain available until expended, for information technology development and fa-cilities repair: Provided, That the Government Publishing Office is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Government Publishing Office business operations revolving fund: Pro-vided further, That not more than $7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Publishing Office in connection with official representation and reception ex-penses: Provided further, That the business op-erations revolving fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 pas-senger motor vehicles: Provided further, That expenditures in connection with travel expenses of the advisory councils to the Director of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That the business operations revolving fund shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.010 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8585 December 10, 2015 
available for temporary or intermittent services 
under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title: Provided further, That activities financed through the business oper-ations revolving fund may provide information in any format: Provided further, That the busi-ness operations revolving fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Informa-tion Programs of the Superintendent of Docu-ments’’ may not be used for contracted security 
services at GPO’s passport facility in the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Government Ac-
countability Office, including not more than $12,500 to be expended on the certification of the Comptroller General of the United States in con-nection with official representation and recep-tion expenses; temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations pre-scribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign coun-tries, $525,000,000: Provided, That, in addition, $25,450,000 of payments received under sections 782, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available without fiscal year limi-tation: Provided further, That this appropria-tion and appropriations for administrative ex-penses of any other department or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as de-termined by the respective Forum, including necessary travel expenses of non-Federal par-ticipants: Provided further, That payments hereunder to the Forum may be credited as re-imbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially financed. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT DETAILS  
SEC. 1301. Section 731 of title 31, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(k) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT DETAILS .—The 
activities of the Government Accountability Of-fice may, in the reasonable discretion of the Comptroller General, be carried out by sending or receiving details of personnel to other branches or agencies of the Federal Govern-ment, on a reimbursable, partially-reimbursable, or nonreimbursable basis.’’. 
OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST 
FUND 
For a payment to the Open World Leadership 
Center Trust Fund for financing activities of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,700,000: Provided, That funds made available to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engag-ing in free market development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. 
JOHN C. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC 
SERVICE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for 
Public Service Development Trust Fund estab-lished under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Develop-ment Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  
SEC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated in 
this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emergency assistance and cleaning as may be provided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Administration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  
SEC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated in 
this Act shall remain available for obligation be-yond fiscal year 2016 unless expressly so pro-vided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  
SEC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or 
position not specifically established by the Leg-islative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of compensation or designation of any office or position appro-priated for is different from that specifically es-tablished by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the per-manent law with respect thereto: Provided, That the provisions in this Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the permanent law with respect thereto. 
CONSULTING SERVICES  
SEC. 204. The expenditure of any appropria-
tion under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be lim-ited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise pro-vided under existing law, or under existing Ex-ecutive order issued under existing law. 
COSTS OF LBFMC  
SEC. 205. Amounts available for administrative 
expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appropriate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all par-ticipating legislative branch entities (in such al-locations among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LANDSCAPE MAINTENANCE  
SEC. 206. For fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal 
year thereafter, the Architect of the Capitol, in consultation with the District of Columbia, is authorized to maintain and improve the land-scape features, excluding streets, in Square 580 up to the beginning of I–395. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  
SEC. 207. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  
SEC. 208. (a) Except as provided in subsection 
(b), none of the funds made available to the Ar-chitect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate. 
(b) At the direction of the Capitol Police 
Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns de-scribed in subsection (a) may be suspended tem-
porarily or otherwise subject to restriction for security or related reasons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. 
BATTERY RECHARGING STATIONS FOR PRIVATELY  
OWNED VEHICLES IN PARKING AREAS UNDER THE  
JURISDICTION OF THE LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS  
AT NO NET COST TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  
SEC. 209. (a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘covered employee’’ means— 
(1) an employee of the Library of Congress; or (2) any other individual who is authorized to 
park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Library of Congress on the Library of Congress buildings and grounds. 
(b) A
UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
funds appropriated to the Architect of the Cap-itol under the heading ‘‘Capitol Power Plant’’ under the heading ‘‘ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL’’ in any fiscal year are available to construct, operate, and maintain on a reimburs-able basis battery recharging stations in parking areas under the jurisdiction of the Library of Congress on Library of Congress buildings and grounds for use by privately owned vehicles used by covered employees. 
(2) V
ENDORS AUTHORIZED .—In carrying out 
paragraph (1), the Architect of the Capitol may use one or more vendors on a commission basis. 
(3) A
PPROVAL OF CONSTRUCTION .—The Archi-
tect of the Capitol may construct or direct the construction of battery recharging stations de-scribed under paragraph (1) after— 
(A) submission of written notice detailing the 
numbers and locations of the battery recharging stations to the Joint Committee on the Library; and 
(B) approval by that Committee. (c) F
EES AND CHARGES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the 
Architect of the Capitol shall charge fees or charges for electricity provided to covered em-ployees sufficient to cover the costs to the Archi-tect of the Capitol to carry out this section, in-cluding costs to any vendors or other costs asso-ciated with maintaining the battery charging stations. 
(2) A
PPROVAL OF FEES OR CHARGES .—The Ar-
chitect of the Capitol may establish and adjust fees or charges under paragraph (1) after— 
(A) submission of written notice detailing the 
amount of the fee or charge to be established or adjusted to the Joint Committee on the Library; and 
(B) approval by that Committee. (d) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES, 
CHARGES , AND COMMISSIONS .—Any fees, 
charges, or commissions collected by the Archi-tect of the Capitol under this section shall be— 
(1) deposited in the Treasury to the credit of 
the appropriations account described under sub-section (b); and 
(2) available for obligation without further 
appropriation during the fiscal year collected. 
(e) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the end of each fiscal year, the Architect of the Capitol shall submit a report on the financial administration and cost recovery of activities under this section with respect to that fiscal year to the Joint Committee on the Library and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. 
(2) A
VOIDING SUBSIDY .— 
(A) D ETERMINATION .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act and every 3 years thereafter, the Architect of the Capitol shall submit a report to the Joint Com-mittee on the Library determining whether cov-ered employees using battery charging stations as authorized by this section are receiving a subsidy from the taxpayers. 
(B) M
ODIFICATION OF RATES AND FEES .—If a 
determination is made under subparagraph (A) that a subsidy is being received, the Architect of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.010 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8586 December 10, 2015 
the Capitol shall submit a plan to the Joint 
Committee on the Library on how to update the program to ensure no subsidy is being received. If the Joint Committee does not act on the plan within 60 days, the Architect of the Capitol shall take appropriate steps to increase rates or fees to ensure reimbursement for the cost of the program consistent with an appropriate sched-ule for amortization, to be charged to those using the charging stations. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply 
with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
COST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT  
SEC. 210. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, no adjustment shall be made under sec-tion 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relating to cost of living adjustments for Members of Congress) during fiscal year 2016. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Legislative 
Branch Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be with-drawn; that the McConnell substitute amendment, which is the text of H.J. Res. 75, be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
was withdrawn. 
The amendment (No. 2922) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: Making further continuing appro-
priations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
That the Continuing Appropriations Act, 
2016 (Public Law 114–53) is amended by strik-ing the date specified in section 106(3) and in-serting ‘‘December 16, 2015’’. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Further 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 2250), as amended, was 
passed. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the title amendment at the desk be agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2923) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
To amend the title to read: 
‘‘Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 
2016’’. 
THE PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Senator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to finish my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I 
complete the series of floor speeches on religious freedom that I began in Sep-tember. My purpose in this series is to present the full story of religious free-dom in the hope that we may better understand and appreciate it and draw guidance for the future. Charting a path forward requires understanding where we have been and taking stock of where we are right now. 
The story of religious freedom, as I 
have laid it out, shows that we must choose between two starkly different paths. The story begins with religious freedom itself and why it is uniquely important and requires special protec-tion. I said in September: 
No decision is more fundamental to human 
existence than the decision we make regard-ing our relationship to the Divine. No act of government can be more intrusive or more invasive of individual autonomy and free will than the act of compelling a person to violate his or her sincerely chosen religious beliefs. 
The story continues with the central 
place of religious freedom in America’s identity. At no time in world history has religious freedom been such an in-tegral part of a nation’s origin and character. The seeds were planted cen-turies before the actual founding of this country with one religious com-munity after another coming to these shores to freely practice their faith. 
When Congress enacted the Inter-
national Religious Freedom Act less than two decades ago, we declared that religious freedom ‘‘undergirds the very origin and existence of the United States.’’ 
The story of religious freedom in 
America includes understanding both its status and its substance. In Octo-ber, I explained how the status of reli-gious freedom can be summarized as both inalienable and preeminent. Reli-gious freedom is inalienable because, as the Declaration of Independence as-serts, it comes from God, not from gov-ernment. And because it is endowed, that is part of our very humanity. Reli-gious freedom is preeminent or, as James Madison put it, ‘‘precedent, both in order of time and in degree of obli-gation to the claims of civil society.’’ 
I also explained that the substance of 
religious freedom can be understood in terms of its depth, or what it includes, and its breadth, or to whom it applies. Religious freedom, for example, in-cludes much more than religious belief 
or speech. In fact, protecting in law both religious belief and the exercise of that belief preceded the First Amend-ment by 150 years. Madison again gives us guidance to finding the exercise of religion as the freely chosen manner of discharging the duty an individual be-lieves he or she owes to God. This in-cludes both belief and behavior in pub-lic and in private, individually and col-lectively. The substance of religious freedom also includes its breadth of ap-plication to all human beings. 
The First Amendment protects not 
certain exercises of religion or the ex-ercise of religion by certain persons, 
but the free exercise of religion itself. 
As I mentioned, Congress unani-
mously enacted the International Reli-gious Freedom Act. The vote in this body was 98 to 0, and 21 Senators serv-ing today—12 Republicans and 9 Demo-crats—voted for this legislation, as did Vice President B
IDEN and Secretary of 
State John Kerry, who were serving here at that time. That law declares our religious freedom to be a universal human right, a pillar of our Nation, and a fundamental freedom. This is the path of religious freedom on which we have traveled for three centuries, be-fore a very different path emerged. 
In November, I outlined how the 
courts have begun to distort the First Amendment’s protection for religious freedom. America’s Founders included a narrow prohibition on government establishment of religion as a support for the broad individual freedom to ex-ercise religion. Since the mid-20th cen-tury, however, courts have instead ex-panded the establishment clause into a virtual ban on religion in public life and narrowed the free exercise clause so that government may more easily restrict the practice of religion itself. 
I also examined how the courts, the 
Obama administration, and State legis-latures are contributing to attacks on religious freedom right here in Amer-ica. The common theme in these at-tacks is that far from being special, re-ligious freedom must yield to other values or political objectives. Even worse, some are arguing that religious freedom is actually something negative that should be limited or even sup-pressed. These attacks not only target particular exercises of religion but un-dermine religious freedom itself. 
Rather than inalienable, these at-
tacks would turn religious freedom into something granted or restricted by the government at its whim. Instead of preeminent, these attacks would re-
duce religious freedom to something optional and subservient. Rather than something deep and broad, these at-tacks would turn religious freedom into something shallow and narrow. 
State courts, for example, have im-
posed heavy fines on business owners who decline, based on their religious beliefs, to provide services such as pho-tography, flowers or catering for same- sex marriages. The decision by these business owners did not prevent anyone from getting married or from having the wedding they chose. Other photog-raphers, florists, and bakers gladly stepped up to do business. The only real effect of these fines was to punish these individuals for exercising their religious beliefs. By punishing the ex-ercise of religion itself, these courts are saying that religious freedom must necessarily yield to other political pri-orities. 
ObamaCare made the same two-part 
attack on religious freedom but on a much larger scale. First, far from try-ing to accommodate religious freedom in developing ObamaCare or its imple-menting regulations, neither Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.010 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8587 December 10, 2015 
nor the Obama administration gave re-
ligious freedom any consideration whatsoever. This is appalling in several different ways. Not only does it reflect a callous attitude toward this funda-mental right, but it ignores the Reli-gious Freedom Restoration Act’s com-mand that Federal law properly accom-modate religious freedom. The only way to avoid that requirement is for Congress explicitly to exempt a statute from RFRA’s standards. Congress did not do so. 
But consider this. On January 15, 
2010, President Obama issued his first Religious Freedom Day proclamation. He reaffirmed ‘‘our nation’s enduring commitment to the universal human right of religious freedom.’’ Just 2 months later, he signed into law the statute that so blatantly ignored and would be used to undermine that very universal human right. 
The second way that ObamaCare un-
dermines religious freedom is by im-posing significant burdens on the ac-tual exercise of religion. The Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, for example, tried to force business owners to provide insurance coverage for methods of birth control that vio-late their religious beliefs. Thankfully, last year the Supreme Court said the Obama administration should have more properly accommodated religious freedom. 
Another case is now before the Su-
preme Court in which the Obama ad-ministration is demanding that a reli-gious organization be forced to partici-pate in providing insurance coverage for practices that violate their reli-gious beliefs. The Obama administra-tion, with its army of smart lawyers and deep well of taxpayer dollars, is fighting tooth and nail to make sure its political objectives quash religious freedom. 
Last week, I outlined the benefits 
that religion and religious freedom provide. It is essential to forming and securing our basic rights. Religion was the engine driving great social move-ments, such as abolition and civil rights. It motivates significantly greater contributions by individuals to charities of all kinds and inspires many of the largest charitable organizations in the country. But religion is not sim-ply beneficial to society; it is an indis-pensable feature of any free govern-ment. Without religion and the moral instruction it provides, freedom falters and democracy all too easily dissolves into tyranny. 
In the 18th Century, the Massachu-
setts Constitution of 1780 declared that ‘‘the happiness of a people and the good order and preservation of civil govern-ment essentially depend upon piety, re-ligion, and morality.’’ 
In the 21st Century, Harvard pro-
fessor Mary Ann Glendon argues per-suasively that religious freedom re-duces societal violence and correlates with democratic longevity. 
The story of religious freedom that I 
have offered over the last few months presents a choice that we must make 
as we consider the way forward. On one path, religious freedom is an inalien-able and preeminent right of all people; on the other path, it is an uncertain and optional possibility for some peo-ple. On one path the government must accommodate religious freedom; on the other path religious freedom must ac-commodate the government. One path is consistent with our history, found-ing, character, commitments, and an example to the rest of the world. The other path rejects that history, turns its back on our commitments, and abandons human rights in favor of shifting political agendas. 
Here is how I put it in one of my 
speeches last month: 
Subjugating religious freedom beliefs to 
government decrees is not the price of citi-zenship. To the contrary, respecting and honoring the fundamental rights of all Americans is the price our government pays to enjoy the continued consent of the Amer-ican people. 
We must decide whether we still be-
lieve what our Nation, our people, and our leaders have said and done. James Madison wrote that religious freedom is an inalienable right that takes prec-edence over the claims of civil society. 
Thomas Jefferson said that religious 
freedom is ‘‘the most inalienable and sacred of all human rights.’’ 
Franklin Roosevelt said that reli-
gious freedom is a fundamental and es-sential human freedom. 
The United States voted for the Uni-
versal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948, signed the Helsinki Accords in 1975, and ratified the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in 1992. 
Each of these identifies religious 
freedom as a fundamental human right that includes both belief and behavior in public and in private, individually and collectively. 
Congress enacted the Religious Free-
dom Restoration Act almost unani-mously in 1994. I should know; I was the principal advocate for it. It sets a tough standard for allowing govern-ment interference with religious free-dom and offers this protection for all exercises of religion by all people. Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives, adherents of dif-ferent faiths—everyone joined hands on these basic principles. And I might add that H
ATCH and Kennedy joined hands 
as well. 
In the 2013 Religious Freedom Day 
proclamation, President Obama said that religious freedom is an essential part of human dignity. This is the path on which America began, the path America’s Founders embraced, the path that all three branches of govern-ment have recognized, and the path we have reaffirmed countless times. 
The burden is on those who believe 
that we should now leave this path. Those who no longer believe that reli-gious freedom is an inalienable right and an essential human freedom should say so. Those who no longer believe that, as our statutes and treaties as-
sert, religious freedom is a funda-mental right and a pillar of our Nation should be honest and up front about it. Those who believe that the shifting po-litical priorities of the day trump reli-gious freedom should candidly make their case. 
In the last week, since the terrorist 
attack in San Bernardino, we have glimpsed some of the ugliness that is down the path where politics trumps religious freedom. Many of our leaders expressed support and offered thoughts and prayers for the victims and their families. Those expressions were met by some with disdain, ridicule, and scoffing. 
Reporters, bloggers, activists, and 
even Members of Congress sent the message that thoughts and prayers are really not much of anything and in any event are legitimate only if they come from those who want more gun control. 
Finally, I want to highlight for my 
colleagues another source of guidance in choosing the future path for reli-gious freedom. In June 1988, the most diverse group of leaders in American history presented the Williamsburg Charter to the Nation. Its purpose was to reaffirm religious freedom for all citizens, to set out the place of reli-gious freedom in American public life, and to offer guiding principles for the future. Former Presidents Jimmy Car-ter and Gerald Ford and the chairmen of the two political parties signed it. The president of the AFL–CIO and the chairman of the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce signed it. Presidents of univer-sities and bar associations signed it. Leaders of faith communities, includ-ing the National Council of Churches and National Association of Evangelicals, Seventh-day Adventists, the Synagogue Council of America, and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints signed it. 
What could possibly unite such a dis-
parate group? It would have to be something too general to be useful— perhaps something like sunshine or friendship—or something so profound that we simply must sit up and pay at-tention. The first principles of reli-gious freedom affirmed by the Wil-liamsburg Charter are these: 
First, religious freedom is an inalien-
able right that is ‘‘premised upon the inviolable dignity of the human person. It is the foundation of, and is inte-grally related to, all other rights and freedoms secured by the Constitution.’’ 
Second, the ‘‘chief menace to reli-
gious liberty today is the expanding power of government control over per-sonal behavior and the institutions of society, when the government acts not so much in deliberate hostility to, but in reckless disregard of, communal be-lief and personal conscience.’’ 
Third, limiting religious liberty ‘‘is 
allowable only where the State has borne a heavy burden of proof that the limitation is justified—not by any ordi-nary public interest, but by a supreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.051 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8588 December 10, 2015 
public necessity—and that no less re-
strictive alternative to limitation ex-ists.’’ 
These are the principles that should 
guide our way forward. 
Religious freedom is inalienable. Re-
ligious freedom is threatened when government either directly burdens or fails to accommodate it. Government burdens on religious freedom must be the least restrictive means of achiev-ing a compelling government purpose or supreme public necessity. 
These principles inform proper reso-
lution of the challenges that religious freedom will certainly face ahead. 
Some are calling for government to 
revoke or deny such things as tax-ex-empt status, certifications, or licenses for religious organizations with certain beliefs. I already mentioned how some courts are using anti-discrimination statutes to trump religious freedom. 
Applying the principles I have dis-
cussed would require the government to make the case that such impositions are the least restrictive way to further a supreme public necessity. 
Another challenge will be in the de-
velopment, rather than the implemen-tation, of anti-discrimination laws. Ap-plying the appropriate principles re-quires that such legislation properly accommodate religious freedom. 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964, for example, includes a religious exemption. I supported the Employ-ment Non-Discrimination Act in the 113th Congress because, in addition to incorporating that exemption, it also prohibited retaliation against those who qualify for the exemption. My 
State of Utah this year enacted an anti-discrimination statute that simi-larly included a robust exemption for religious organizations. 
Earlier this year, however, Senators 
introduced the Equality Act, which would prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity across several areas such as employment, housing, and education. It not only fails to incorporate the ex-isting title VII religious exemption, it contains no accommodation for reli-gious freedom at all. 
This is an example of the path that 
rejects religious freedom as even wor-thy of consideration. Such legislation should not become law unless it prop-erly accommodates religious freedom. 
This is a time for choosing. The story 
of religious freedom is both an inspir-ing narrative and a cautionary tale. It brings to mind the inscription on a statue fronting the National Archives that ‘‘eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.’’ 
The heritage of religious freedom 
that took centuries to build could be dismantled in a fraction of that time. The right path means balance of ac-commodation; the wrong path means exclusion and suppression. The way forward requires us to choose the right path to make sure our actions speak louder than our words. 
Mr. President, I apologize for going 
over by 5 minutes. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 4:30 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 3:06 p.m., 
recessed until 4:30 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. T
ILLIS ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C AS-
SIDY). The Senator from North Caro-
lina. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that morning busi-ness be extended until 6 p.m., with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CAMP LIBERTY REFUGEES 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, the Presi-
dent of the United States has fully re-fused to acknowledge the depth and prevalence of the savagery of Islamic terrorism, and he has refused to offer and implement a strategy to perma-nently defeat it. 
We are all too familiar with the con-
sequences of Islamic terrorism: Fort Hood, Boston, Oklahoma, Chattanooga, Ankara, Mali, Beirut, Paris, and more recently, San Bernardino. 
While the President was in Paris re-
cently, he lectured the American peo-ple not on the moral necessity to de-stroy ISIS but instead on our supposed lack of compassion and understanding regarding his latest plan to resettle 10,000 Middle Eastern refugees in Amer-ica. 
I represent the great State of North 
Carolina. It is a State that has pro-vided refuge to those who have fought and died on America’s side—the South Vietnamese, Laotians, Montagnards, and Cambodians. But the President’s remarks were disingenuous, because what he didn’t tell the American peo-ple is that his own FBI Director has warned of America’s inability to prop-erly vet the refugees—an inability that only requires a 1 in 10,000 chance to produce a catastrophic and tragic re-sult. 
Instead of acknowledging these well- 
founded concerns, the President hec-tored the critics of his plan—Repub-licans, Democrats, and everyone else in between—even after French authorities told him several members of the ter-rorist cell got into France masquerading as Syrian refugees. Syr-ian refugees with fake passports were caught trying to reach America through Honduras, and Syrians have been arrested trying to cross into Texas. 
Let me tell you why this administra-
tion’s rebuke is indicative of a foreign policy that is completely detached 
from reality. On October 29, 23 refugees died in a rocket attack at Camp Lib-erty in Iraq. Camp Liberty is a former U.S. military base outside of Baghdad that is home to more than 2,000 Iranian refugees who are members of the main opposition group to the ayatollahs in Tehran. The refugees at Camp Liberty have been fully vetted by American in-telligence services. Eighty Iranian- 
built rockets struck the camp that has been home to the People’s Mojahedin, an organization that has tried to fight the mullahs in Tehran. The ayatollahs want the leaders and the families of these inhabitants at Camp Liberty eliminated, and their friends in Bagh-dad are doing their bidding. 
The men, women, and children at 
Camp Liberty have suffered numerous attacks resulting in hundreds of cas-ualties. Nor has Camp Liberty, which was supposed to be a temporary home before the refugees were settled outside of Iraq, met the most basic humani-tarian needs. They lack clean water, decent food, medical supplies, and de-cent living facilities; and every single day they go to bed at night worried if it is their last day on Earth. 
The Obama administration pledged 
to protect these refugees who put their lives and their children’s lives on the line for freedom. Yet it has done abso-lutely nothing to keep America’s word. Why take in unvetted Syrian refugees and not a handful of refugees from Iran that are fully vetted? To curry favor with the same regime that killed American soldiers during Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn? I hope not. 
President Obama has willfully ig-
nored 40 years of hostility from Tehran. If the President does not rec-ognize that we are at war, the aya-tollahs certainly do. They are the chief sponsors of global terror. They have imprisoned American journalists. They have tested long-range missiles. They just completed another test in viola-tion of international treaties over the last couple of weeks. They have never stepped back from their desire to oblit-erate Israel and to destroy the United States. 
This is the Obama doctrine. The 
President sees American foreign policy as the problem. He views Israel as an obstacle to peace, and Iran is treated as another oppressed constituency with legitimate grievances against the West, so much so that when millions of Iranians took to the streets against the mullahs, President Obama did nothing and said nothing. The old American al-liances are collapsing in confusion and fear, and the only answer from the ad-ministration seems to be to clear Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon. 
Section 1227 of this year’s National 
Defense Reauthorization Act memori-alizes Congress’s desire to see that our friends at Camp Liberty are protected and relocated outside of Iraq in accord-ance with international conventions. 
The children of Camp Liberty are 
dying and the bad guys are watching. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.052 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8589 December 10, 2015 
They are watching to see if the Presi-
dent of the United States tosses aside another American friend, clearing the way for a new Persian empire—a tyran-nical empire armed with nuclear weap-ons. 
I will end with the thoughts of Natan 
Sharansky, a survivor of the Soviet Gulag. He said: 
Today an American President has once 
again sought to achieve stability by remov-ing sanctions against a brutal dictatorship without demanding anything in return. . . . We are at a historic crossroads, the United States can either appease a criminal re-gime—one that supports global terror, re-lentlessly threatens to eliminate Israel and executes more political prisoners than any other—or stand firm in demanding change in its behavior. 
I don’t think a lot of people know 
about Camp Liberty, but I want you all to know that there are 2,000 people over there who were fighting for free-dom in Iran. The American people com-mitted to protecting them and to get-ting them to a place where they can be safe. These are refugees who are fully vetted. They have gone through all the processes that we are wondering and worrying whether the Syrian refugees can. Let’s show good faith by fulfilling our promise to the people at Camp Lib-erty and making sure that the Amer-ican people know and the people at Camp Liberty know that we care about them and we wish them the very best that they can achieve—and that is not in a camp somewhere in Iraq. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GOVERNOR TERRY 
BRANSTAD 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor my good friend and the Governor of Iowa, Terry Branstad. 
Monday marks his historic milestone as the Nation’s longest serving Gov-ernor with 7,642 days in office working for our great State of Iowa. Our Gov-ernor has devoted his life to public service and has worked tirelessly through his 99-county tour to ensure that Iowans’ voices are heard. 
I have also had the great honor of 
serving under the Governor during my time in the Iowa Army National Guard. Through the years, Governor Branstad and I have had countless conversations about the military and our veterans. We both know these men and women are well trained and have selflessly sacrificed in defense of our freedoms and our way of life. That is why we must ensure that our veterans are properly prepared to transition back to civilian life. 
As a veteran himself, Governor 
Branstad recognizes just that. It was Governor Branstad who led significant 
efforts to help veterans find work across Iowa, following their launch of the Home Base Iowa public-private ini-tiative in November of 2013. Since then, Home Base Iowa has succeeded in help-ing over 1,500 veterans in Iowa find work, getting 900 businesses to join the Home Base Iowa initiative. There are also 24 Home Base Iowa communities around the State, and we have 16 edu-cational institutions that are working with the initiative and have been deemed Certified Higher Academic Military Partners. All that great par-ticipation and success is thanks to the Governor’s leadership. 
Through the years, our State has 
been incredibly fortunate to have a Governor who truly cares about the people and our veterans. The fact that he continues to wear his uniform for various veterans’ events in Iowa fur-ther illustrates his support, his leader-ship, and his commitment to our men and women in uniform. Our Governor is someone who truly cares about serving others, and we are incredibly fortunate to have a leader such as he. 
In light of his major and well-de-
served milestone, we honor Governor Branstad’s steadfast commitment and leadership to the people of Iowa. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
IRS REPORTING REGULATION ON 
CHARITABLE DONATIONS 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise 
to alert the Senate and all of my col-leagues to yet another—yes, yet an-other—egregious action by the Internal Revenue Service, one that will affect every charity, every church, every non-profit, and the communities they work so hard to serve. I emphasize ‘‘an-other’’ because it seems that the IRS continues a march toward regulations and practices that target and burden hard-working Americans. 
Let me just recap. First, we learned 
that the IRS had released confidential tax return information on companies the IRS believed opposed the adminis-tration. Then we uncovered that the IRS had illegally targeted groups whose views differed from the White House, followed by an extensive effort to hide information on these actions— i.e., Lois Lerner, her so-called ‘‘lost e- mails,’’ which weren’t ever really lost. It was true injustice to law-abiding or-ganizations and American citizens, which is why I should not have been surprised—but I was—to learn of the IRS’s latest scheme. 
Hot off the press is a new IRS pro-
posed regulation that needlessly tar-gets charitable contributions. Right 
now, when you make a contribution of $250 or more, charities will send you a ‘‘written acknowledgement’’ con-firming the details of the donation, in-cluding the amount of the donation. The taxpayer uses this acknowledge-ment to document his or her tax deduc-tions should there be any question. 
Most charities take the time to send 
out a written confirmation of the dona-tion as part of their thank-you to the donor. It is simple, it is inexpensive, and it builds good will. In short, it works for the taxpayer and also for the charity. That is it—a straightforward, commonsense method to confirm a do-nation was made, and no one, not even the IRS, argues that it is not working well. 
But now the IRS has proposed a new 
method to substantiate donations—a method that could do great harm to the charitable sector and give the IRS more tools to go after taxpayers they may not like, as we know they have done before. The IRS wants to set up a new, more formal system where the charity would have to gather informa-tion about its donors, keep that infor-mation, and—here is the rub—report the information to the IRS. 
What type of information are we 
talking about? The return would in-clude the charity’s name and address, the donor’s name and address and— here is the scary piece—the donor’s So-cial Security number. Again, all of this new information would have to be sent to the donor and the IRS and kept on file by the charity at considerable cost. Even more disturbing, the IRS would store, maintain, and use this informa-tion in case the donor is audited. 
Although this is described as an op-
tion, given the IRS’s recent track record, do we really trust the agency to store this information and not use it for other purposes? I, for one, do not. I don’t think we can trust them with a new source of data on donors. We must do all we can to prevent the IRS from gaining access to this sensitive data. 
I am also alarmed at the thought of 
whether the IRS can properly safe-guard this information because the agency has demonstrated zero capacity to keep similar data out of the hands of people who commit fraud, and thieves. Charities and churches that routinely receive thousands of dollars from their supporters now become greater targets for people to commit fraud. 
Earlier this year, the IRS admitted 
that it had been hacked and private taxpayer information had been com-promised. If they can do it to the IRS, you had better believe they can do it to your local nonprofit. And while the IRS today says this rule as proposed would simply be voluntary, suffer no il-lusion: The IRS will eventually move to make this a mandatory require-ment. 
Charitable organizations are also 
speaking out against the IRS proposal. They understand the chilling— chilling—effect this would have on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.053 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8590 December 10, 2015 
their donors, but, more importantly, 
on the communities they serve. 
Tim Delaney, president and CEO of 
the National Council of Nonprofits, re-cently wrote: 
The IRS proposal would open the door for 
scam artists. . . . Nonprofits have neither the financial resources nor sufficient staffing to combat hackers who will see an easy source for Social Security information. This also creates a liability nightmare for inno-cent nonprofits. . . . To be asked to share their address, their credit card number and their Social Security number all in the same place would be enough to scare even the most committed donor to decline to give. 
Tim Delaney has aptly summarized 
this pending and serious problem. He poses very legitimate concerns, espe-cially regarding how scam artists might operate, explaining: 
Imposters’ phone scripts will go something 
like this: ‘‘Hi . . . I’m working for several nonprofits here in Kansas to make sure that generous donors like you get full credit for your wonderful contributions. . . . The non-profits asked me to thank you for your gen-erosity and confirm your name and address. . . . Also, the IRS has a new regulation that nonprofits need your Social Security number so we can send you a form confirming your contribution in case you get audited. What’s your Social Security number so we can send you the form?’’ 
Sadly, many people who want to be 
sure to support their charity will give the scam artists exactly what they want. 
To protect the mission of our non-
profit community and the taxpayers who share their hard-earned dollars with those in need, I have introduced legislation to block this regulation and to maintain current law. The Pro-tecting Charitable Contributions Act would maintain current IRS rules gov-erning the substantiation of charitable contributions, and prohibit the IRS from issuing, revising, or completing any new regulation that would alter the existing rules. This just makes sense. And I would think the IRS would agree when in their own description of the proposal they state that the present system works effectively. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation and to join me in stopping this dangerous and unneeded proposal from moving forward. 
I urge all those who play a role in 
supporting nonprofits to go to the IRS Web site before December 16 to provide written comments to the IRS about this proposal. Yep, the IRS would like to have your comments. 
Let me repeat that. I would urge all 
those who play a role in supporting nonprofits to go to the IRS Web site before December 16 to provide written comments to the IRS about this pro-posal. The message should be simple: No. 
This is one Christmas greeting you 
had better send. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PERKINS LOANS, HARDEST HIT 
FUND, AND ENFORCE ACT 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about a couple of areas where I think we can make progress on legislation before the end of the year. This has been a legislative session in which we passed a number of important bills, and I think there is more we can do. Specifically, I am going to talk about some legislative initiatives that will give a leg up to American work-ers—Ohio workers—and also to help our families and help our students. 
I will start with students. There is an 
opportunity over the next couple of weeks for us to ensure that we reau-thorize the Perkins Loan Program. Perkins is an incredibly important pro-gram, particularly for low-income stu-dents. In my view, of all the student loan programs out there, Perkins is by far the most flexible. This is an urgent matter because if we don’t pass an ex-tension, new loans will not be re-warded, even in January as students start this next semester. Let’s not allow college tuition to become even less affordable for low-income stu-dents. Let’s ensure that they can get a college degree to pursue their dreams and that we do move forward with this Perkins reauthorization. 
I spoke about this on the floor a 
month or so ago. I talked about it as a program that was incredibly important for students in my State. I talked about the fact that there are 60 schools in the Buckeye State, in Ohio, that have received loans from this program. Over the last school year, more than 25,000 Ohio students received financial aid through Perkins—including about 3,000 students at Kent State University and about 1,700 students at the Ohio State University. 
I was in Columbus last weekend and 
had a chance to meet with some Ohio State students who care a lot about this. They want to ensure that this Perkins is going to be there for them so they can stay in school. Some of them already have help from other pro-grams, but they know that if they don’t have the Perkins Loan Program, they can’t afford to make ends meet and to stay in school. It is very impor-tant. 
I have also heard from our college 
Presidents from around the State—par-ticularly from Dr. Beverly Warren from Kent, who was here a couple of weeks ago to talk to me about this, and Dr. Michael Drake, whom I saw last week at Ohio State. They want to ensure that their students have this possi-bility. 
One of the students I talked to is 
Keri Richmond. Keri is a junior at Kent State, and she interned at my of-fice this past summer. Keri was an in-credible intern. She is a student who is 
working hard. She is at Kent State, likely to graduate a little bit early. She spent her teenage years going from foster home to foster home. She fought the odds, and she is now excelling in college. She is bright. She is ambitious. Even with her Pell Grant, she has to have that Perkins loan in order to be 
able to stay in school, in order to make ends meet. 
This is an important program, but it 
is not about a program. It is not about numbers. It is about people. It is about Keri Richmond and others like her. The impact goes well beyond Ohio. Over 1,7000 colleges and universities across the country participate in this program. Low-income students every-where rely on it. If it expires, it is only more difficult to pay for school. In-stead, what we should be doing in the Senate is making it easier, not harder, to afford to go to school. Some of these tuitions have gone up and up. We have to be sure every kid has a chance to be able to get ahead by going to college or university. 
If we don’t move, students who pre-
viously received a Perkins loan will lose their eligibility if they change in-stitutions or academic programs. It is a big deal for them. If we don’t act soon, students who are seeking loans for the winter and spring semesters will be ineligible. In total, it is possible that 150,000 freshmen will lose their eli-gibility this fall. We can’t let that hap-pen. Let’s not allow college tuition to become this roadblock for low-income students who are looking for a college degree. Let’s give them this chance. Let’s give them this opportunity. By the way, let’s extend it but at the same time work on ways to improve the pro-gram. I know there are some Members on my side of the aisle—and I think on the other side as well but certainly on my side of the aisle—who said they have concerns about some of these stu-dent loan programs and would like to reform them to make them work bet-ter. That is great. Let’s take the time to do that. 
In the meantime, let’s not eliminate 
this program and have these kids fall between the cracks. I am there on the reforms. I would like to help on that. I think we can do better for all of our student loan programs and help all of our kids be able to have a better chance to succeed. Let’s not create this terrible uncertainty for these students in the meantime. Let’s extend this pro-gram and then work on those reforms. 
I thank Senator C
ASEY , Senator 
BALDWIN , Senator C OLLINS , and others 
for their strong leadership on this. I want to ask my colleagues in the Sen-ate to do simply what the House has done and do an extension of this pro-gram. The House has already passed this legislation. There is no reason it shouldn’t be in the omnibus legisla-tion, and there is no reason we shouldn’t move forward with ensuring that these kids have the certainty they need to be able to stay in school. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.058 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8591 December 10, 2015 
Mr. President, the second issue I 
want to talk about is that while stu-dents get the education they need, we also have to ensure that the commu-nities they are going back to are safe and make sure those communities can thrive and grow. 
One of the issues we have in Ohio and 
unfortunately in too many neighbor-hoods all around this country is that you have a lot of blight, a lot of homes that have been abandoned. Two things happen: One, when homes are aban-doned, they become a magnet for crime, for drugs, and for other criminal activity to the point that they are dan-gerous for the community, but, second, they drive down the cost of the other houses—sometimes by as much as 80 percent. If you are in a community or you have a beautiful home you are tak-ing care of but your neighbor’s house becomes abandoned and becomes a magnet for crime and an eyesore, it drives down all of the property values. 
In Congress we have spent a lot of 
money, taxpayer money, on helping people deal with their mortgages when they are underwater—particularly after the financial crisis. In my view we ought to focus more on taking down these abandoned homes and creating safer neighborhoods but also, through market forces, allowing the property values of all of these homes to in-crease. 
I think this is an honorable effort, 
and it is one that a lot of people are fo-cused on now around the country. I don’t think we are quite caught up to where our neighborhoods are here in Washington, DC, because when I go home to Ohio I hear about this all the time. We have about 80,000 of these dangerous abandoned homes in Ohio. 
Again, to address public safety con-
cerns and tumbling home values in these struggling neighborhoods, one of the best alternatives is to demolish these abandoned structures. Some-times another structure can be rebuilt there. That is what we want. We want more economic development in these communities. In some cases, I have seen where there was an abandoned home, it was torn down and made into a community garden and the commu-nity can all participate. The point is to get these homes down so we can have the redevelopment we all want. 
I have walked the streets with local 
officials in Cleveland, Warren, Lima, and Toledo, OH, and I have seen these problems firsthand. As I do that, I talk to the residents. I ask them what they think. You can imagine the response I get. First, for them, it is an eyesore. It is a danger for their kids, grandkids. Second, they are worried about their property values. 
I had one occasion to speak to some-
one in Toledo, OH, that was particu-larly concerning to me. This was a woman who had three kids. Her home was right next to an abandoned home, literally feet away—6 or 7 feet away, sort of like a row house. She said: R
OB, 
every night I go to bed worrying that the home next to me, which is aban-
doned, is going to be torched by arsonists. At that point in time—this was in Toledo, OH—there was about one arson a night, where these aban-doned homes were not just targets for crime but they were also being used by arsonists as practice for burning down a home. She was worried about her 
kids. She was worried she couldn’t go to sleep at night because if that home caught fire next to her, her home could be next. 
This is something we ought to focus 
on and we can focus on. Land banks in some of our hardest hit areas of Ohio, Michigan, and other States have gotten to work on attacking this problem. They have done a great job. They don’t have the resources they need to demol-ish as many properties as they would like to help some of these struggling neighborhoods. That is why these land banks have come to us and asked: Can you help us a little more? 
After talking to them, after visiting 
these neighborhoods, we did take ac-tion. We authored legislation called the Neighborhood Safety Act of 2013, which was a bipartisan effort and a bi-cameral effort. In the House, you had Members like D
AVEJOYCE , MARCY KAP-
TUR, and M ARCIA FUDGE working on 
this. Our legislation called for what is called the Hardest Hit Fund to be used not just to help people pay down their mortgages but also to help people be able to knock down these abandoned homes. We pushed it aggressively, and this important change was made ad-ministratively. It has provided nearly $66 million in Ohio and around the country to deal with these thousands of abandoned homes in our State. Michigan also got funds, as did other States. 
Now, in many of these States, these 
Hardest Hit Funds have run out. In other words, there are more abandoned homes than there is money to be able to deal with the problem. Given the success rate we have and the fact that these land banks are doing a great job, we think it is time to provide some more funding. That is what we pro-posed to do in the Omnibus appropria-tions bill. 
I am working with Senator S
TABE -
NOW, Senator B ROWN , and others to 
transfer funds from what is called the Home Affordable Modification Pro-gram, which is a program that would be eliminated under our proposal, and shift some of those funds into the Hardest Hit Fund for demolition pur-poses. I have repeatedly discussed this issue with our leadership, Senator M
CCONNELL and others, our leadership 
here on the committees in the Senate and in the House, and I am very hope-ful this can be done before year-end. It is the right thing to do. It is an oppor-tunity for us to be able to shift some of these funds from a program that is not working as well into a program we know works and to make progress in some of our struggling neighborhoods in Ohio and around the country. I give special thanks to these land 
banks in Ohio that have taken the lead on this issue back home. Particularly, I want to thank the tireless efforts of Jim Rokakis, director of the Thriving Communities Initiative at the Western Reserve Land Conservancy. He has done excellent work in helping to lead this effort and highlight this issue. I hope we can get this done, even in the next week here, to be able to help our communities in Ohio and around the country. 
Mr. President, finally, when we talk 
about keeping our communities safe and the need to help our students, we also have to be sure that we are help-ing our workers. We need to ensure we are protecting jobs in our States that are threatened by unfairly traded im-ports. 
I am pleased that we will soon be vot-
ing to pass the conference report for the Customs bill. It is my under-standing that this may come up as early as Monday or Tuesday next week. I hope we can pass that here in the Senate and send it to the President for his signature. 
There are a number of aspects of the 
Customs bill I support, but one aspect of it that I think is really important is legislation that is called the ENFORCE Act, to ensure that we are enforcing our laws properly. This is on the heels of legislation we already passed as part of the trade promotion authority ear-lier this year. That legislation is called Level the Playing Field Act. Senator S
HERROD BROWN , my colleague from 
Ohio, and I offered this legislation, and it is now part of our law and ammuni-tion we can use against unfairly traded imports. It is already working because it has already been signed into law, and it is helping to deal with dumping when people are selling below costs or when they unfairly subsidize imports. It is helping workers in Ohio. It is help-ing our tire workers, paper workers, and steel workers, and we are proud of that. 
The problem is that although the leg-
islation that we have already passed, the Level the Playing Field Act, helps with regard to taking on countries that are sending their products here un-fairly, sometimes those countries then decide to try to evade the provisions we put in place, the higher tariffs for their dumped products or their higher tariffs for their subsidized products. That is what the ENFORCE Act is about. It is about ensuring that al-though we have this legislation in place, countries and their companies don’t go around those regulations and still try to get products here into the United States by illegally sending it through another country or relabeling the product so that it doesn’t fall under the tariffs that might be levied against them. 
I am really hopeful that we will able 
to pass this additional legislation. It is incredibly important, as I said, not only for Ohio, but it is also important for the country. Time after time we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.059 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8592 December 10, 2015 
have seen that once we put these pro-
tective orders in place against these unfairly traded imports, these coun-tries continue to illegally enter our country through illegal transshipments to other countries or through re-labeling these products. 
I think we have an opportunity to 
move forward on something that is really important to help protect work-ers to ensure that we can closely exam-ine these schemes and stop them. 
This effort, by the way, is backed by 
the National Association of Manufac-turers, the American Iron and Steel In-stitute, and the United Steelworkers. They have a common cause because they understand that it is so critical that we ensure that our workers get a fair shake. 
I got an email last week from work-
ers at Pennex Aluminum in Leetonia, OH, in the Mahoning Valley. They have 78 workers at their facility, and they won an important case against alu-minum extrusions from China. The email said that this relief really helped us. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent for 1 additional minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. These workers said: 
Senator P
ORTMAN , ‘‘this relief enabled 
our company to compete once again on a fair and level playing field.’’ That is the relief we helped to provide by en-forcing our laws against this product coming in. 
They then said: 
As a result, we recently completed an in-
vestment of $38 million to expand our facil-ity in Leetonia and create significant new jobs. Our great concern is that this trade re-lief is now at risk due to the efforts by Chi-nese producers to avoid paying duties by, among other schemes, manipulating the alloy content of their extruded aluminum products and shipping their products under a different name. 
In other words, they were getting 
around the protections that are in place by simply relabeling the product. Again, this also happens by going around to other countries. That is why the ENFORCE Act is so important. Those 78 workers at Pennex Aluminum know it is important, and they know this legislation will help them to be able to get a fair shake. 
Finally, I wish to thank the members 
of the conference committee on the customs bill for putting our BDS lan-guage into this legislation. It will help to avoid boycotts and divestment in sanctions of Israel. This is a way that some countries around the world are trying to delegitimize Israel. It is something that is important for us to take a stand on as a Congress, and we do that in this Customs legislation. 
So again, I think there is some good 
legislation we can pass here in the next week or so in the Senate. I hope we will do it. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for giv-
ing me the time tonight. We need to continue to stand up for our families, our students, and our workers and en-
sure that, indeed, we do give the people we represent a fair shake. 
I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
f 
HONORING INDIANA SERVICEMEM-
BERS AND ALL AMERICANS WHO SERVED IN VIETNAM 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor the service and sacrifice of Indiana servicemembers and their families and of all Americans who served during the Vietnam war, as this year marks the 40th anniversary of the end of that war. 
Here is picture from the Indiana His-
torical Society of some of the amazing Americans who served during that time. Tens of thousands of Hoosiers bravely answered the call when they volunteered or were drafted to serve in Vietnam in almost every single capac-ity you could think of. 
Bravely, and sadly, 1,243 Hoosier sol-
diers gave their lives in service to our country in Vietnam. In Vietnam, our vets endured 100-plus degree heat, mon-soon rains, snake-infested rice paddy fields, staggering conditions, and in-credibly dangerous situations. 
Our servicemembers would rather 
have been at home in Terre Haute, Richmond, Indy, Evansville or Fort Wayne, but they served because they loved our country and they answered when our Nation called them, and their answer was: Count on me. 
At the end of the war, many of our 
Vietnam vets didn’t receive the wel-come home or the recognition they de-served. Not all received huge hugs when they hit the tarmac back in America, but our Vietnam vets are he-roes just like those who stormed the beaches in Normandy, trudged through frozen rivers in Korea, and went through the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan. Our Viet-nam vets deserve to be held—and are held—in the same high regard as those who fought in World War I, World War II, Korea, Afghanistan, and Iraq. Our Vietnam vets are part of the seamless fabric that has saved our country and made it such a blessed place. 
Today, our Vietnam vets get amazing 
receptions everywhere they go. In my home State of Indiana, a town in northern Indiana, LaPorte, IN, in LaPorte County, has their big parade every year on July 4. The streets are filled—5, 6, 7, 8 people deep for 2
1⁄2miles 
long—and every year the parade is led off by the Vietnam veterans of LaPorte County, and it happens all over our State. When the parade starts off, ev-eryone gets out of their chairs and stands up—even those who have chal-lenges and have difficulties—to ap-plaud our men and women who were in Vietnam, and for 2
1⁄2miles they get an 
amazing standing applause the entire way. These vets are our parents, our brothers and sisters, our aunts and un-cles, our grandparents, friends, neigh-bors, and the folks who are sitting next 
to us in church on Sunday. 
Our Vietnam veterans support and 
lead our communities as public serv-ants, teachers, lawyers, nurses, busi-ness owners, factory workers, and bankers. Just about anything you can imagine—that is what our Vietnam vets are doing to make our country a greater place. They are a generation of veterans who have taught us about love of country and service, and they deserve to be honored for their selfless-ness and sacrifice. 
Today, Indiana is home to nearly 
150,000 Vietnam war veterans. We have a responsibility to provide them with the benefits and support they have earned and to show them the same commitment they demonstrated while they fought to protect us and our free-doms more than 4 decades ago. 
We must ensure our veterans have 
access to timely and quality care at local VAs across our State and coun-try, and that this care is delivered in a way that meets their needs. Expanding access to health care for our Hoosier vets has been and will continue to be a constant top priority of mine. 
We recently broke ground in St. Jo-
seph County, IN, on the new St. Joseph County Health Care Center. It will mean that many of our local vets in northern Indiana will be just a short ride away from the health services they have worked so hard to earn and receive. 
We must continue to expand options 
for care, for example, through the Vet-erans Choice Program, which is bipar-tisan legislation that is now law. Pro-visions from our bipartisan service-member and veteran mental health care package were signed into law re-cently as part of the national defense bill. 
We are working every day to try to 
make sure our veterans have the chance to receive good physical health care and good mental health care and that we stand next to them and with them every step of the way. Our bipar-tisan Community Provider Readiness Recognition Act was included, and it helps connect Hoosier servicemembers and vets with local providers who can deal with the unique challenges that folks who were in our military face. 
The demand for care among our vets 
has never been greater and our obliga-tion to them has never been greater. In recognition of their service and sac-rifice, we must deliver on our promise to care for all veterans long after their last day in uniform. 
I have another picture here from the 
Indiana Historical Society. This is an-other group of our young soldiers. When they went off, as I said earlier, they didn’t complain and didn’t make excuses, and when our Nation called, as I said before, they said: Count on me. 
We must keep the promises we made 
to our vets. We must keep those prom-ises for their entire lives. Our Vietnam vets and their families made incredible sacrifices. We can do a better job of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.061 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8593 December 10, 2015 
giving them the recognition and sup-
port they deserve. We must do so through words and action. In our ev-eryday daily lives let us remember those who have sacrificed so much to defend our Nation and our freedom. Let us preserve their legacy and follow their example of service to others. 
When you see someone wearing a ball 
cap that says Vietnam vet, World War II vet, Korean vet, Iraq or Afghanistan vet, say thanks. My guess is they will say: Thank you; I was just doing my job. But they were doing so much more than just their job. They were pro-tecting our Nation and making sure that our children and our children’s children had a chance to grow up in this most blessed of all places. 
God bless every American and Hoo-
sier veteran who served in Vietnam. God bless their families. God bless In-diana, and God bless America. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Indiana for his great remarks. I thank him for making them today. 
f 
PUERTO RICO 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor tonight to discuss Puerto Rico, a territory of the United States since 1898. Millions of residents have been citizens since 1917, nearly 100 years. This community of 3.5 million people is facing economic, fiscal, and liquidity problems. What are we doing about it here in Congress? We are not doing anything. That needs to change, and it needs to change now. 
We spent 10 years watching Puerto 
Rico suffer through a recession. We spent months here in Congress dis-cussing what to do. There have been a lot of ideas—some popular, some con-troversial. I can say that, as the rank-ing member on the Energy Committee, I have heard many ideas, but now is the time to act. 
We need to allow Puerto Rico to re-
structure. That is, we need to give them the same opportunities that we gave to average American citizens and municipalities to restructure their debt—the same that we gave to Wall Street when they were in a financial crisis, the same brink that we were al-most on when we had our own eco-nomic problems. Yet there are some here in the halls of Congress who would rather listen to hedge funds and make sure they are prioritized in a debt re-structuring than actually putting in place debt restructuring. 
I propose a two-part, no-cost ap-
proach that will be most effective and least controversial to help us out of this situation. 
The Energy and Natural Resources 
Committee, which has jurisdiction over territories, has heard from experts from the Department of Treasury and other government officials about how dire this situation is now. Just yester-day, a group of six CEOs sent a letter 
to congressional leaders urging swift legislative action on the Puerto Rico situation. 
I can tell my colleagues the whole 
issue of what to do about Puerto Rico in the long term has many divergent views, but all those divergent views in Puerto Rico are singing the same tune right now: Restructure before January 1 or they will face serious issues of de-fault. Why do we care? We care because the U.S. Government will have an im-pact of between $1 billion and $2 billion of more service demands if we do not allow them to restructure. 
This year, the government and elec-
tric utilities failed to make their pay-ments. Government workers are being cut to three days a week. Patients are now waiting months for medical care. Hospitals are going bankrupt. And the health care industry is threatened by a complete collapse. Forty-five percent of the population is living in poverty— including 58 percent of them who are children—and the unemployment rate is stuck at 12.2 percent, more than dou-ble the highest State’s unemployment rate. 
So what does it cost us to act here in 
the United States? It costs the U.S. taxpayers zero. It costs us zero because if we think about it, this is about debt restructuring. This about setting up a process which they are denied just be-cause Puerto Rico is a territory; they cannot get the relief of restructuring. They tried. They tried to pass their own bankruptcy law. They tried, and then basically were told that it didn’t meet a Federal standard. 
They are not like a municipality that 
has this authority. They are a terri-tory. They are our territory. If we want them to restructure successfully and keep more debt from coming to the shores of the United States because of—I would say that we have had a huge increase in population. So the cost of inaction is this acceleration of the Puerto Rico population coming to the United States. In 2014, we see that the number jumped to almost 70,000 people in one year. The net migration has been more than 500 percent in the last 10 years. 
If we do nothing in the next week and 
don’t act on this problem, more migra-tion of Puerto Ricans is going to come to the United States. When they come, what will happen? They will be de-manding more services, such as Head Start, SNAP, unemployment insur-ance, and Pell Grants. So default equals more Federal spending. 
The notion that my colleagues think 
that somehow this inaction is the way out of this equation—they are just add-ing more responsibility to the U.S. tax-payer. Why? Is it because they want to protect hedge funds in a bankruptcy process? Do they want to decide in the Halls of the U.S. Congress who gets in line first and who gets paid? 
I will remind my colleagues, particu-
larly since the Presiding Officer knows the Deepwater Horizon issue very well, we did not make decisions here in the 
U.S. Congress—in the Senate and in the House of Representatives—as to who would get paid in the Deepwater accident implosion. We appointed a re-ceiver. They made the tough decisions. When it came to Detroit’s bankruptcy, we did not make the decision. 
I guarantee my colleagues that of 100 
Members of the U.S. Senate, there are probably 100 opinions in both of those cases as to how we thought each of those payments or restructurings should be done. But we are not the ex-perts, and just because we have an opinion about what we would like to see Puerto Rico do doesn’t mean we should be writing that into legislation and prejudging what should be an offi-cial, legal process of restructuring debt that we need to give Puerto Rico the authority to have. 
This is what newspapers across the 
United States are saying, including the Los Angeles Times, the Miami Herald, the Boston Globe, the New York Times, and others: Give Puerto Rico the abil-ity to restructure their debt. 
So why are people here failing to 
take up this mantle? People have been arguing for months about different ideas. Some of our colleagues want to increase the Medicaid reimbursement rate. Some of our colleagues want to have an EITC increase. Some of our colleagues want Puerto Rico to do away with their pensions before they go into a bankruptcy structure. Those are all political opinions by individuals that one could say are worth debate. 
Now we are at the point of default. 
Just as we need to make decisions be-fore January 1, our colleagues are now trying to say that we can continue to discuss this issue. We don’t have time to continue to discuss this issue. We have next week, and, as a member of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee that oversees territories, I feel it is our responsibility to propose a policy and get it in place so that we can find some resolution of this issue. 
I think this two-part fix about mak-
ing sure there is the ability to restruc-ture and a council to oversee it in co-ordination with Treasury is the best we can do at this point in time to save the U.S. Government from further costs and to give relief to Puerto Rico. 
The notion that people here in the 
U.S. House of Representatives or the U.S. Senate are trying to protect hedge funds so that they can maximize their return is despicable. It is despicable. The notion that somebody is trying to protect these fundamental questions that need to be decided in a formal process of bankruptcy or reform, as we are calling it within the territory, is the fair and even process that should take place without prejudice. 
We are going to, as a body, have a 
very robust discussion, I guarantee my colleagues, for years and years and years to come about what the United States is going to do about the terri-tory of Puerto Rico. Let’s at least give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.063 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8594 December 10, 2015 
ourselves the luxury of having that dis-
cussion when the territory is not in de-fault. Let’s come together and pass some legislation for them to restruc-ture their debt. Let a professional or-ganization take the politics out of this and make the best financial decisions that can be made now to save the U.S. taxpayer from further expense. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska. 
f 
BEING HONEST WITH THE 
AMERICAN PEOPLE 
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, earlier 
today it was reported that the Presi-dent’s Deputy National Security Ad-viser was asked about my call that the President and the administration speak clearly about the nature of the enemy we face—about my call that we be honest with the American people and with ourselves about the fact that we are at war with militant Islam, we are at war with jihadi Islam, and we are at war with violent Islam. 
In response, the White House was 
quoted in the World-Herald this morn-ing as saying this: 
Our strong belief is to not treat these ISIL 
terrorists as leaders of some religious move-ment. Even if you have a derogatory adjec-tive attached to it—radical Islam or Islamic extremism—essentially you are saying they are the leaders of a religious movement. And that is what they want. They want to be seen not as terrorists and killers and thugs, as the president said, but as leaders who speak on behalf of religion. And that is why we have not identified them as the enemy in this ef-fort. 
This is lunacy. First, while the White 
House is insisting that no one use the word ‘‘Islamic’’ or note any connection between the war that we are facing and some subset of Islam—even as the White House insists that no one use the word, their own preferred adjective, ‘‘ISIL’’ or ‘‘ISIS,’’ begins with an ‘‘I.’’ Every fourth grader in America can de-duce without any assistance from Vanna White what the rest of the word that begins with an ‘‘I’’ is. Yet the White House insists that no one should use the word. 
They are dealing with a world they 
wish were so, as opposed to the world with which we are called to struggle. The world in which we live is a world where we are going to be facing a dec-ades-long battle with militant Islam, with jihadi Islam, with violent Islam. We are obviously not at war with all Muslims, but we are at war with those who believe they would kill in the name of religion, and the White House insists that we muzzle ourselves and not tell the truth. 
Second, the White House’s logic for 
why we shouldn’t tell the truth to the American people or to ourselves is be-cause the leaders of ISIL supposedly want to be identified with a religious movement. The leaders of the ISIL movement and the broader jihadi movement that is trying to kill Ameri-cans and all those who believe in free-
dom and in open society—the leaders of this movement also want to be mar-tyred. Isn’t the President’s position that we should not kill them because they desire to be martyred? This is lu-nacy. 
We have to speak the truth not be-
cause it alone will somehow diminish ISIS or ISIL, but because speaking the truth is actually the only way we can begin to develop policies that will not lead to more failed States in the Mid-dle East, which are producing the ter-ror training camps of next year. 
Despite the fact that we are actually 
and obviously at war with militant Islam, there is a terrible leadership vacuum in this country. The American people know this, and, frankly, those of us who are getting our classified brief-ings and having to engage the leader-ship of our national security and intel-ligence communities know this leader-ship vacuum exists. Those who are try-ing to keep Americans safe—there are many wonderful, freedom-loving civil servants fighting to protect our kids, and they know and experience this vac-uum of leadership every day. 
This vacuum is felt outside the belt-
way and everywhere in America, as is obvious in many of our towns. But even more dishearteningly and more dan-gerously, it is increasingly obvious to the professionals working in our intel-ligence community and in our national security structure that this vacuum is harming our national security and our intelligence community as they try to fight for our freedom. 
Here is why this matters. This vacu-
um prevents them from doing their jobs. They have no strategy to deploy, they have no rational policy to imple-ment, and they have been asked to de-feat an enemy that their Commander in Chief refuses to name. This is lu-nacy, it is absurd, and it is unaccept-able. 
Mr. President: Please lead. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the words of the Senator from Ne-braska, Mr. S
ASSE, with whom I enjoy 
serving on the banking committee, and I appreciate his good work. I take a bit of issue with his comments. I know there are more than two options. But I hear the greatest criticisms of the President from those same people, urg-ing—not necessarily Senator S
ASSE in 
this case, but many of the leaders in this body on the Republican side who were some of the strongest advocates for the war in Iraq. Some of those same people are saying, back into the Middle East, sending combat troops. 
Going back to war is something that 
the American people—we all come to the floor claiming to speak for the American people, perhaps, but we know that is not good policy and that is not what most people in this country want to do. But I appreciate the comments of the Senator. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, will the 
Senator yield for a question? Do you believe there is any connection be-tween our enemy and Islam? 
Mr. BROWN. Excuse me? 
Mr. SASSE. Do you believe there is 
any connection between our enemy and Islam? 
Mr. BROWN. I am not here to debate 
this. I don’t know exactly what that means: a connection between the enemy and Islam. I know that seman-tics matter, and I know the criticism of the President in this body is sort of front and center no matter what he does. 
When he gave what I thought was a 
coherent speech, often with restraint, where we have taken the—I think we have taken the fight to ISIL in this country. I think we have done it do-mestically. I think the President wants to do it internationally, and this body doesn’t seem to have the courage to de-bate whether or not we actually look at an authorization resolution—an au-thorization for use of force. The Presi-dent is still forced to rely on a resolu-tion that President Bush pushed through that led to disastrous policies in Iraq. I don’t think that was right. 
But I apologize. I want to speak on 
something else, Mr. President, and that is why I came to the floor. 
f 
SUPPORING OUR VETERANS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, 2 weeks 
ago most of us went home to our fami-lies to celebrate and give thanks for the many blessings we have in this country. We all look forward to spend-ing more time with family during this holiday season, but for far too many Americans the holidays are just an-other time when they struggle to put food on the table or even to have a roof over their heads. This is sadly particu-larly true of our Nation’s veterans. 
Again, to go back 15 years, we take 
people into war in this country—some-times for very good reason. Our send-ing troops to Afghanistan was exactly the right policy back in 2002 and 2003. Going into the war in Iraq was some-thing very different. 
If we in this body are going to send 
people into war, it is time we think about the costs of war, not come to the Senate floor and make speeches about how tough we are as Senators, when most Senators don’t have children— some do, but most don’t have children who go off to war. We are willing to send people into combat, and then we too often turn our backs on those sol-diers once they come home and become our Nation’s veterans. 
The suicide rate is too high among 
veterans, many of them suffering from PTSD or traumatic brain injury or a host of other illnesses or afflictions. The suicide rate is too high, the unem-ployment rate for veterans is too high, and the drug addiction rate is too high. Yet, how often our colleagues come and talk about, let’s send combat troops, let’s go to war. How rarely they talk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.064 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8595 December 10, 2015 
about what we do with these men and 
women when they come home, whose lives have been changed dramatically. These are the costs of war, and they don’t get nearly the attention on the Senate floor, in the media, or among policymakers as do the actually going to war and sending our troops. 
It is shameful that veterans have 
these rates of unemployment, addic-tion, suicide, and homelessness. We have made progress on homelessness through a combination of increased Federal investments and improved services. Over the past 5 years, home-lessness among veterans has declined 36 percent, but too many remain on the streets. 
Veterans comprise 12 percent of the 
Nation’s adult homeless population. According to the U.S. Department of 
Housing and Urban Development, some 48,000 veterans were homeless—includ-ing 1,200 in my State of Ohio—on a given night in January when a census, if you will, was taken about homeless-ness. That is 48,000 too many. It is a disgrace that they serve our country with honor, and thousands are left without a roof over their head. Think about that. We send them off to war. They are sometimes damaged by their time in combat or their time in the military, and we don’t care enough to find them places to live and find them drug treatment and find them jobs and give the kind of help to them that they gave to our country. 
I met the veterans the organizations 
serve—organizations such as the VFW, American Legion, these groups and counties called veteran service organi-zations. My State is blessed to have one in each of our 88 counties. I hear about their stories of perseverance. They are inspiring. 
I visited the Joseph House in Cin-
cinnati, where Nathan Pelletier and his team of dedicated staff and volunteers provided addiction treatment and tran-sitional housing to veterans. We heard from Britton Carter, who was formerly homeless. He completed the treatment program at Joseph House. He now works as a case manager helping other struggling veterans. He spoke about the trials he has overcome. He said: 
As a small youth I fell in love with playing 
army men. My mom would buy me little army men, and I dreamed of one day being a soldier. 
God had given me the gift of being a pretty 
good basketball player and as such I became the first freshman to play and start on any varsity team. With success came fans and countless people, many of whom had an agenda that didn’t necessarily have my best interest at stake. 
From the early years of high school I found 
myself star struck, and I would end up in the company of those who used drugs—first pot and wine, later I was introduced to heroin and cocaine. 
With the grace of God, I was given the op-
portunity to attend college at New Mexico Military Institution in Roswell, NM. There were other offers from schools, but I was at-tracted to the opportunity of being able to play army man once again. 
I was caught with drugs and kicked out of 
school, and as a result I lost the chance to become an officer in the United States mili-
tary. I went to another college—only to have my drug addiction lead me to poor choices that brought my career closer and closer to an end, where the only thing I felt I had to hold onto would be a career in the Army. 
I enlisted, and discovered that being away 
from home . . . left me face-to-face with those old demons, and once again I was being discharged. . . . It wasn’t long after my re-turn . . . that I found myself in and out of trouble. Having no insurance to pay for the treatment I truly needed to address my ad-diction, and nearly a life sentence on the in-stallment plan and years of struggle. . . . 
He goes on. 
[The Joseph House] was the one place that 
believed in never leaving any soldier be-hind—the Joseph House. 
It was while at the Joseph House that I had 
the opportunity to get the treatment I so badly needed. . . . Today, thanks to God and his mercy. . . . 
He goes on to talk about some of the 
things he has done. He has written a play. He has produced a play. He has done wonderful things, especially for his fellow veterans. His story should serve as a reminder to all of us that we should not leave the men and women who serve this country. 
There are so many stories like his. In 
October I was in Dayton, where I met with Robert White at the Homefull or-ganization—Homefull as opposed to the homeless. He served 4 years in the Army Reserves and 1 year on Active Duty. He was honorably discharged in 1980 and spent years working, facing challenges that he said left him ‘‘lower than low.’’ He said, ‘‘As soon as I left for basic training, I was homeless.’’ He talked about his work, his time in shel-ters. He said the result was always the same. He said, ‘‘I entered homeless, and no matter how good I did, I still left homeless.’’ 
Then, on the July Fourth weekend 7 
years ago, he entered Homefull’s VA per diem transitional supportive hous-ing program. He became a model guest at Homefull. He got a job in Trotwood, a community near Dayton. He still has the same job. Homefull connected Mr. White with its partner organization, which helped him achieve home owner-ship. Today he has gone from homeless veteran to owner of his own home. That is because of his community in Dayton, because of this organization Homefull, and it is because of the part-nership with the Veterans’ Administra-tion, whose funding is always under jeopardy because of many Members of the Senate and House who simply don’t put the same effort into helping vet-erans as they do into funding the mili-tary. 
Last month I was in Cleveland. I vis-
ited the Supportive Housing Home for Veterans. I visited the Trumbull Met-ropolitan Housing Authority in Youngstown. These organizations are providing work that is so important. We owe them our support. 
Even one veteran on the street means 
Congress isn’t doing enough to tackle this problem. That is why I joined my colleagues in introducing the Veteran Housing Stability Act of 2015, which would make meaningful improvements 
to services for homeless veterans and give more veterans access to housing opportunities. 
President Kennedy, in his 1963 
Thanksgiving proclamation—I believe the week before he died—said, ‘‘As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.’’ 
Sure, we come to this floor. We send 
people off to battle. Surely we need to do that sometimes. Sure, we come to the floor and talk about veterans, but so often we don’t live up to the obliga-tions to help these veterans deal with their homelessness, to help veterans deal with suicide, with the threat of suicide, the likelihood of suicide for some of them, help our veterans deal with drug addiction, help our veterans deal with mental health issues. Often these are costs of war that we simply don’t discuss on the Senate floor. It is so important that we do. I hope my col-leagues will join me in ensuring every veteran has an opportunity to succeed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MEGHAN DUBYAK 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, in clos-
ing, I want to recognize a long-term staff member, a young woman who has served in my office, Meghan Dubyak. She has been my communications di-rector for most of my years in the Sen-ate. She comes from Shaker Heights, OH. She has been a terrific public serv-ant. Today is her last day. This is about her last hour on the job, al-though she is going with me tonight to do one other appearance. Meghan is planning to get married this summer. She is taking tomorrow off and is going on Monday to join the staff of the Vice President of the United States, J
OE 
BIDEN. She has been an incredible em-
ployee. I wish her well. My wife Connie 
and I will love Meghan as long as we have the privilege of knowing her in the years ahead. 
So thank you to Meghan. I yield the floor. 
f 
REMEMBERING OFFICER DANIEL 
ELLIS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to pay tribute to a Kentucky po-lice officer who was tragically lost in the line of duty. Officer Daniel Ellis of the Richmond Police Department was shot while searching an apartment for a robbery suspect on November 4, 2015, and died from his wounds 2 days later. He was 33 years old. 
‘‘Our lives will never be the same 
again, the lives of his fellow officers and of his family will never be the same,’’ Richmond Police Chief Larry Brock said during Officer Ellis’s fu-neral. ‘‘He turned out to be a great po-lice officer. He was one of those guys that just got it and got it early.’’ 
Officer Ellis started at the depart-
ment on August 11, 2008. He was known as a kindhearted man who treated oth-ers with dignity and respect. One day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.066 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8596 December 10, 2015 
while on duty, he saw a man in busi-
ness clothes carrying a tent and walk-ing down the street. When asked, the man told Officer Ellis that he had a job interview the next morning and had nowhere to spend the night. Officer Ellis paid to get him a room. 
Daniel graduated from Eastern Ken-
tucky University, where his funeral service was held. Most of the school coliseum’s 7,000 seats were full for the service. Hundreds of fellow police offi-cers from across Kentucky and other States poured into Richmond to pay their respects. 
Members of Officer Ellis’s family who 
are suffering from this loss include his wife, Katie; his son, Luke, who is only 4 years old; his parents, Kelly and Nancy West Ellis; two brothers; a sis-ter; and his paternal grandmother. 
I know my colleagues in the United 
States Senate join me in wishing the Ellis family our utmost condolences after their horrible loss. We are hum-bled and we are grateful for Officer Daniel Ellis’s service and his enormous sacrifice in the line of duty. I hold the deepest admiration and respect for every brave police officer across the Bluegrass State, all of whom put their lives in danger to protect us. Kentucky is thankful these men and women have made a sacred pledge to protect and de-fend. 
Local news Web site WLKY.com pub-
lished a moving article about Officer Ellis and the outpouring of grief in the Richmond community after his death. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From WLKY.com, Nov. 12, 2015] 
THOUSANDS SAYGOODBYE TO SLAIN RICHMOND  
OFFICER DANIEL ELLIS—CHIEF SAYS‘‘GRIEF 
ISNEARLY INCONSOLABLE ’’ 
(By Carolyn Callahan and Emily Maher) 
RICHMOND , KY.—He lost his life doing the 
job he loved. 
Thousands of people were in Richmond on 
Wednesday to say goodbye to Officer Daniel Ellis. 
The 33-year-old was shot a week ago during 
a robbery investigation. 
He died two days later. The funeral service was held at Alumni 
Coliseum at Eastern Kentucky University. 
Both Daniel and his wife, Katie, graduated 
from the school. 
For the first time since the deadly shoot-
ing, Richmond’s police chief spoke publicly. 
‘‘We have lost our Daniel,’’ Chief Larry 
Brock said. ‘‘Our collective grief is nearly in-consolable.’’ 
Ellis started with the Richmond Police De-
partment in 2008. 
While Brock hoped Ellis would finish his 
career with the department, he never imag-ined it would end the way it did. 
‘‘Today we say goodbye to Officer Daniel 
Ellis. Our Daniel. But we will never forget him, his service, or his sacrifice,’’ Brock said. 
Ellis leaves behind a wife and young son. 
‘‘Katie, I pledge to you and Luke that you 
will remain a part of our family. That we will always be there for you, and that you will never walk alone,’’ Brock said. 
The chief said it rained after Ellis died. ‘‘It was as if the angels themselves were 
crying at the loss of this special young man,’’ Brock said. 
Then hours later, a rainbow appeared over 
the Richmond Police Department. The chief takes that as a sign that Ellis is still with them. 
‘‘Rest easy, Daniel. You have left us too 
early,’’ he said. 
Shortly before he was killed, Ellis found 
out he was being promoted to detective. 
It’s a job at which the chief said he would 
have excelled. 
‘‘From the kindergarten classrooms that 
he visited, to the courtrooms where his testi-mony could be counted on to be straight-forward and truthful, he will be greatly missed,’’ East End Church of Christ minister Phillip Shumake said. 
Hundreds lined downtown Richmond 
streets as Ellis received a hero’s escort to his final resting place. 
Residents in Richmond said they wanted to 
show their thanks to the man who gave his life protecting theirs. 
Black and blue pinwheels and white rib-
bons with Ellis’s badge number line the East-ern Bypass. 
Hundreds of officers drove down the street, 
escorting Ellis to his final resting place, while the community watched and supported an officer who was loved. 
‘‘Even though we wear a different badge, 
he is my brother,’’ Shane Allen with Rich-mond Rescue said. 
‘‘You’re grieving for someone that’s not a 
family member, but he feels like a family member,’’ community member Shelley John-son said. 
‘‘We were actually on shift the day it hap-
pened and we were all trying to find out who it was. He is family,’’ Allen said. 
A kind of family that is brought closer to-
gether in times of loss. 
‘‘And I was trying to explain to the kids, 
‘Mommy, why do you cry?’ And it’s like something unexplainable and maybe they can understand that,’’ Johnson said. 
The community stood together to pay 
their final respects holding signs calling Ellis a hero. 
‘‘It’s unbelievable. It’s really touching to 
see the support—that even though it’s some-thing tragic that has brought this commu-nity together so tightly, to see the support for somebody they might not even know. And to see them come out on a day and sup-port him as he goes by to lay at rest,’’ Allen said. 
Hundreds of officers from across the state 
escorted Ellis on a 100-mile journey to his final resting place. 
‘‘We just wanted to show what his service 
has meant to us,’’ community member Sarah Roof said. 
As he passed by, blue balloons were re-
leased into the air as a final tribute to a man the community said will never be forgotten. 
‘‘He loved his job. He helped the commu-
nity and that was his job. And that’s what he wanted to do,’’ Allen said. 
Ellis will be laid to rest in Adair County. The family has asked for donations to be 
made to the Kentucky Law Enforcement Me-morial Foundation or Supporting Heroes. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak about the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act that the President signed into law today. 
I want to first congratulate my col-
leagues Senator P
ATTY MURRAY and 
Senator L AMAR ALEXANDER , who have 
effectively been able to guide this bill through the Senate. It has been an 
honor to watch and participate in this process—a process that has served as a great example of the way the Senate is supposed to work. 
When the original Senate version of 
the Every Child Achieves Act came to the floor for a vote on July 22, 2015, I could not support it because, while it made necessary changes to the No 
Child Left Behind law, I could not in good conscience support a bill that fell short of investing in the potential and promise of all of our children, espe-cially New Jersey’s most vulnerable students. I stood resolute in the belief that if Congress was truly going to in-vest in our children and grand-children’s future, it was vital that any legislation passed provide support, ac-cess, and opportunity to equip the next generation to succeed, regardless of their socioeconomic status. 
These needs were particularly poign-
ant given the historic context of the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act as a civil rights bill. Created the same year as the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and just 11 years after the landmark Brown v. Board of Education decision, President Lyndon B. Johnson’s original piece of legisla-tion intended to address the gaping gulf in the quality of education re-ceived by low-income students in an in-tensely segregated country. Indeed, this piece of legislation was a vital tool in President Johnson’s arsenal on the War on Poverty. It is undeniable that education is a cornerstone of the Amer-ican Dream to achieve success and fi-nancial security. We do our Nation and our children a disservice if we do not do everything in our power to ensure that President Johnson’s arsenal is not only maintained, but honed and replen-ished with robust provisions to fight an evolving battle for educational equity in our schools. 
Although I did not vote for the origi-
nal Senate version of ESEA that passed the Senate in July, I am glad to see a conference report, the Every Student Succeeds Act, ESSA, that takes ele-ments from both the House and Senate bill and ultimately is a better bill for all children, teachers, and parents in our country. 
Chief among provisions that I be-
lieved were problematic was the lack of accountability measures to ensure America’s most vulnerable students have access to a quality education. With regards to accountability, it was critical not to be overly prescriptive while still acknowledging an intense need to identify and ask schools and districts to figure out specific plans to turn things around in the lowest per-forming schools and high schools who fail to graduate one-third of their stu-dents. It is also critical to identify where there are groups of students who are consistently performing worse than their peers. I do not believe these changes should come from Washington. Local teachers, principals, and parents are best equipped to know how best to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.029 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8597 December 10, 2015 
turn around a failing school, and this 
bill gives them the arsenal to do so. I believe the new accountability provi-sions empower local leaders, with State and Federal guidance, to pursue the improvement strategies best suited to their local needs. 
These accountability measures are 
vital if we are to guarantee that the ideals our students pledge allegiance to every day, justice and liberty for all, are manifest in the education we pro-vide for our youngest Americans. 
With this goal in mind, I am also 
pleased that ESSA includes my amend-ment to support homeless and foster youth, by ensuring educators and the public are aware of how foster and homeless children and youth are per-forming on critical elements compared to their peers by adding reporting for these groups on graduation rates to the State and school district report cards. 
The role of teachers is also 
prioritized in ESSA, and I was espe-cially proud to see the amendment I authored that helps support teachers by asking school districts to identify opportunities to make working condi-tions better and more sustainable. 
With these improvements made and 
the spirit of the bill as an important piece of civil rights legislation main-tained, I wholeheartedly support the reconciled version that has passed the House and Senate and that was signed by the President today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REAR ADMIRAL 
CHRISTOPHER J. PAUL 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the service of RADM Christopher J. Paul, Deputy Com-mander, Naval Surface Force, U.S. Pa-cific Fleet, who is retiring from the United States Navy after more than 38 years of faithful service to our Nation. 
Having enlisted in the Navy in 1977, 
Rear Admiral Paul went on to attend the U.S. Naval Academy Preparatory School and U.S. Naval Academy, where he distinguished himself as a valued leader of the varsity cross country, in-door, and outdoor Track teams under famed coach Al Cantello and a 10-time letterman. After graduating from the Naval Academy in 1982 with a Bachelor of Science degree in physical science, RADM Paul served on USS KIDD , DDG 
993, a destroyer homeported in Norfolk, VA, until 1987 and qualified as a sur-face warfare officer during deploy-ments to the Atlantic and Indian Oceans; the Mediterranean, Black, North, Baltic, Red, and Caribbean Seas; and the Arabian Gulf. 
Rear Admiral Paul’s Pentagon staff 
assignments included service on the Joint Staff as an action officer in the Operations Directorate J–3 and U.S. Senate liaison officer and assistant surface warfare program officer in the Secretary of the Navy’s Office of legis-lative affairs from 1987 to 1991. During that assignment, Rear Admiral Paul had the opportunity to work on behalf of Members of Congress on the Senate Armed Services Committee and was 
subsequently assigned to serve in my office to help write a $600 million pack-age of veterans benefits for service-members and veterans of Operation Desert Storm. While working on that legislative matter, I had the privilege of promoting then Lieutenant Paul to the grade of lieutenant commander, when he transitioned to the Navy Re-serve, which allowed him to continue to serve on my staff in Washington, DC, while also serving at the Penta-gon’s Navy Command Center as assist-ant operations department head. 
Rear Admiral Paul went on to faith-
fully serve on my Senate legislative staff for a total of 16 years, followed by 
6 years as a professional staff member on the U.S. Senate Committee on Armed Services, while simultaneously serving in numerous Navy positions of increasing responsibility over the course of more than 22 years. Those as-signments included serving on the Chief of Naval Operations staff as exec-utive officer of Reserve Component Augment Units to the director of Sur-face Warfare OPNAV N86 and the direc-tor of Expeditionary Warfare OPNAV N85 between 1997 and 1999. 
Rear Admiral Paul’s Navy Reserve 
unit command assignments included CVNE–0109, from 1999 to 2001, sup-porting AIRLANT aircraft carriers, during which he was recognized with the Commander Naval Air Force Re-serve Robert I. Barto Award; Naval Surface Warfare Center Indian Head, from 2001 to 2003; and, rapid response to full unit-mobilization in support of Op-eration Noble Eagle, which was recog-nized by the Secretary of the Navy with the Meritorious Unit Commenda-tion. His command assignments also included Navy Region, Mid-Atlantic, from 2003 to 2005, where he was mobi-lized in support of Joint Task Force Katrina as chief of staff, Joint Force Maritime Component Commander; U.S. Forces, Japan from 2005 to 2007, where the unit received the Joint Meritorious Unit Award for its contingency and ex-ercise support that greatly enhanced the U.S.-Japan Security Alliance; and deputy regional commander to Com-mandant, Naval District Washington, from 2007 to 2008, supporting the Navy Total Force in the national capital area. 
During Rear Admiral Paul’s flag offi-
cer assignments, he led several type commands responsible for manning, training, and equipping naval warships and expeditionary forces. In his first flag assignment, Rear Admiral Paul served as deputy commander, Navy Ex-peditionary Combat Command from 2008 to 2011, receiving the Navy Unit Commendation for its outstanding suc-cess in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom; deputy commander, Naval Surface Forces At-lantic from 2011 to 2012; and deputy commander, Naval Surface Force, U.S. Pacific Fleet from 2012 to 2015, where he culminated his Navy career. During his flag officer positions, Rear Admiral Paul distinguished himself in the per-
formance of his duties while dem-onstrating a uniquely comprehensive knowledge of manpower, personnel, training, enlisted personnel distribu-tion, and surface warfare officer career management issues. His effective lead-ership and initiatives helped transform how surface forces are trained and pre-pared to fight in naval warships during a vital period of change in the surface warfare community. 
As a loyal and dedicated member of 
my staff for over 22 years, Rear Admi-ral Paul worked tirelessly as a valued legislative aide to me in my U.S. Sen-ate office and on the professional staff of the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee. In that capacity, Rear Admiral Paul played an important role in policy matters affecting our Nation and the U.S. military, helping to advance countless legislative initiatives en-acted into law that will have a lasting impact on U.S. policy, including the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005, which prohibits the inhumane treatment of prisoners of the United States; legisla-tion that reauthorized the FAA in 1996, which is still recognized as the largest aviation reform law since the deregula-tion act of 1977; laws that help improve the lives of our servicemembers, vet-erans, and military families; and nu-merous provisions that have improved the ability of the military to procure needed combat capability, enhanced the readiness of ships, submarines, and aircraft, and maintained global superi-ority—all while ensuring that the De-partment of Defense acts as a respon-sible steward of diminishing defense dollars. 
As a determined Reserve Component 
surface warfare leader and dedicated public servant, it is fitting that we honor Rear Admiral Paul’s service dur-ing the centennial of the U.S. Navy Re-serve. Rear Admiral Paul embodies the moral character and dedication of our Nation’s citizen-sailors who bring unique skill sets through their mili-tary and civilian training and serve our country honorably by the core values of the United States of America. I heartily thank Rear Admiral Paul; his wife, Shannon; daughter, Catherine; and son, Christopher, for their honor-able service to our Nation and the U.S. Navy; and wish Rear Admiral Paul fair winds and following seas as he con-cludes a career in the U.S. Navy exem-plary in honor and distinction. 
Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM SMITH 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor a great South Dakotan on his notable accomplishments and his career, starting as an elevator oper-ator in the Senate. His career spanned seven decades, 10 Presidents, and 32 Congresses. To say Jim Smith is an in-stitution in Washington, DC, would be an understatement. 
Jim Smith was born in Aberdeen, SD, 
but spent the majority of his childhood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.037 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8598 December 10, 2015 
in my hometown of Pierre, SD. After 
graduating from Pierre High School in 1948, Jim attended the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, where he was the quarterback for the Miners when they won a championship in 1951. 
After graduating from SDM&T in 
1952, Jim decided law school was the best route for him, and this South Da-kota boy moved to the big city to at-tend George Washington School of Law in Washington, DC. Like many hard- working South Dakotans, Jim worked his way through law school, starting his career operating the very same Senate elevators we take today in the U.S. Capitol. 
Jim’s work ethic caught the eye of 
many, and he eventually moved on to work for his home State Senator, Karl Mundt. Jim worked as a legislative as-sistant for Senator Mundt and went on to become minority counsel on the Senate Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Relations. 
After his time working on Capitol 
Hill, Jim began a successful career in the banking sector until he was called back to government service, this time with the U.S. Treasury where he served as Deputy Undersecretary. In 1973, Jim became the first South Dakotan ap-pointed as Comptroller of the Cur-rency, an office created by President Abraham Lincoln in 1863. 
Jim Smith served as Comptroller of 
the Currency under two Presidents and eventually left to rejoin the private sector in 1976. He went on to have a successful career partnering with an-other government relations profes-sional to establish their own firm, which will continue to bear his name even after his retirement. 
Jim Smith embodies the work ethic 
and attitude we are known for in our State. He has earned his place on the pages of South Dakota history books. 
To Jim Smith and his wife of 37 
years, Karen, I wish you the best on your retirement, and I thank you for your years of dedicated public service. Thank you for making South Dakota proud. ∑ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. CARL ZULAUF 
∑Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor today the distinguished career of Dr. Carl Zulauf on the occasion of his retirement from the faculty of the Ohio State University. 
Raised on a farm himself, Carl’s pas-
sion for agriculture began at an early age. His family’s diversified farm raised livestock and crops. His connec-tion to the land has remained a com-mon thread throughout his life and ca-reer, and Carl hopes to use his retire-ment as an opportunity to refocus on his family’s farm. 
With the seeds of interest firmly 
planted, Carl pursued his education in what he knew best: agriculture. First, where he earned a degree in Agricul-tural Economics at the Ohio State Uni-
versity and later at Stanford Univer-sity where he obtained his PhD. Dr. Zulauf credits his upbringing on a farm as the foundation for his interest in strengthening our Nation’s domestic farming and the special appreciation he has for the issues facing American farmers and the agricultural sector. 
Since 1980, Carl had been a pillar of 
OSU’s College of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences. The depth and breadth of his research portfolio is im-pressive and includes dozens of peer-re-viewed journal articles and over 1,000 articles developed for broader public consumption. Not just a researcher, Carl is a dedicated educator. Thou-sands of students have benefited from his teaching, leadership, and men-toring. Carl served as academic adviser to more than 200 students. For over a decade, he has been a faculty adviser for Ohio State’s SPHINX Senior Hon-orary—which each year pays tribute to 24 students who ‘‘embody the highest ideals of scholarship, leadership, cama-raderie, citizenship, and service at The Ohio State University.’’ Additionally, he has helped organize programs with students to travel to China and the Czech Republic to study agriculture. As a professor, his interest in his stu-dents can be seen by the large number of farmers across my State that talk about their time in Dr. Zulauf’s class-room. The dozens of accolades that have been awarded to him throughout his tenure at OSU serve as witness to his impact as both a teacher and schol-ar. Carl’s many contributions are a re-minder that the values of the SPHINX—service, camaraderie, leader-ship, and scholarship—are not solely the domain of OSU’s students. 
Beyond his exemplary work as a re-
searcher and educator, Carl has been an engaged member of both Ohio’s and the broader agriculture community. He has been a leader in the Ohio agri-business community, taking part in a number of strategic planning commit-tees. He continues to be a regular con-tributor to FarmDoc, a project of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Cham-paign, which serves as an online re-sources for farmers across the country. 
He inspired many students in his 
work at OSU, and one cannot fully un-derstand Ohio’s agricultural sector without knowing the name Carl Zulauf. However, his most noteworthy con-tribution to agriculture in the United States must be his work on farm pol-icy. In 1985, Carl joined Senator John Glenn’s office to help with agriculture policy, an experience he described as eye-opening. With his academic back-ground and experience growing up on a farm, Carl brought an informed and di-verse perspective. Though he went back to teaching following his time in Washington, Carl’s time in Senator Glenn’s office left an indelible mark and would guide his work on agri-culture policy in the decades to come. 
One pivotal example of Carl’s work 
on agriculture policy was for the 2008 farm bill with the development of the 
Average Crop Revenue Election, ACRE, program, which represented a novel ap-proach to risk management for our Na-tion’s farmers. Carl worked with my of-fice in 2008, as well as the office of Sen-ator D
URBIN , to draft legislation that 
would become the ACRE program. ACRE was based on years of research and conversations with farmers and 
some of the best minds in our agri-culture industry. My staff worked on ACRE which later became the ARC, Average Risk Coverage, program—leg-islation that I worked on with Senator T
HUNE and which we were able to in-
clude the 2014 farm bill. Over 90 percent of our Nation’s corn and soybean farm-ers choose to enroll in the ARC pro-gram which will serve as a crucial safe-ty net for farmers at risk of low yields and was the first revenue-based rather than fixed-price program. The over-whelming participation in these pro-grams serves as validation of Carl’s work and cements his reputation as a key architect of our Nation’s food and farm policy. Carl’s fingerprints will be on agriculture policy for many future iterations of the farm bill. 
From his tenure as a motivating and 
engaging professor at OSU to the role and voice he continues to play in Ohio and across the Nation as a leading thinker on the future of our farm and food policy, Carl has served as a re-source guide and mentor for many. Thousands of students have benefited from his teaching, and thousands of farmers will benefit from his work that has informed our Nation’s agricultural policies. I wish him the best in his re-tirement and applaud his contributions to his profession and thank him for his service to America’s farmers, his uni-versity, and our Nation. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ROCKY 
MOUNTAIN RIFLE CLUB 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I would 
like to recognize the Rocky Mountain Rifle Club, RMRC, for their efforts to support the Teton County 4–H Shooting Sports Air Rifle and Air Pistol clubs. I appreciate RMRC’s efforts to honor Montana’s strong hunting legacy and protect our Second Amendment rights. 
There are currently 20 Montana kids 
enrolled in the Teton program. Three students are among the top 10 Montana shooters for their age groups: Berit Bedord, age 14; Ashley Pearson, age 13; and Luke Ostberg, age 12. These three have been the longest lasting members of the Teton club and have steadily earned top scores in State competi-tions. 
The aim of the Teton County 4–H 
program is to introduce young Mon-tanans to shooting with a focus on safety and the proper and ethical use of firearms. The shooting sports program is one of the most popular 4–H pro-grams in the country, according to Brian Bedord, the coordinator for the Teton 4–H shooting program. 
The Rocky Mounty Rifle Club has 
been a strong supporter of the Teton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.018 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8599 December 10, 2015 
County 4–H Shooting Sports Air Rifle 
and Air Pistol clubs and is currently raising funds to purchase top-of-the- line air rifles and air pistols in addition to target equipment for the 4–H pro-gram. 
It is my honor to thank the Rocky 
Mountain Rifle Club and all of its members and employees for continuing to work towards the responsible edu-cation of firearms for young Mon-tanans. The right to keep and bear arms is an issue that is of upmost im-portance to me and the people of Mon-tana. I am grateful for all of RMRC’s hard work to educate Montanans and support our State’s strong tradition of responsible firearm ownership. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JULIO N. INFIESTA 
∑Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
wish to speak today in recognition of Mr. Julio N. Infiesta of Lynbrook, NY, who served in the Social Security Ad-ministration for 42 years in the New York region. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Mr. Infiesta for his years of dedication and public service and to congratulate him on his retire-ment. 
In 1973, Julio began his career with 
the Social Security Administration, serving in various local offices in the New York metropolitan region, includ-ing in the South Bronx, where he was an operations supervisor, and in Long Beach, where he was selected as branch manager. In 1976, he became a social in-surance specialist in the New York re-gional office in field operations. Mr. Infiesta also served as assistant dis-trict manager and district manager in the Jamaica and Flushing offices until 2001, when he entered the agency’s Ad-vanced Leadership Program. Mr. Infiesta was promoted to the position of deputy assistant regional commis-sioner for management and operations support and also served as the acting assistant regional commissioner for management and operations support. As a member of the Senior Executive Service Candidate Development Pro-gram, he served as an area director and as the director for disability in the of-fice of the deputy commissioner for op-erations. In 2003, Mr. Infiesta was se-lected as the region’s assistant re-gional commissioner for management and operations support and was ele-vated to deputy regional commissioner in 2014. 
As Social Security’s second senior 
ranking official in the New York met-ropolitan region, Mr. Infiesta oversaw Social Security operations in New York, New Jersey, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. These operations included an annual administrative budget of $400 million for more than 3,900 employees in 113 field offices, four teleservice centers, four Social Secu-rity Card Centers, the Northeastern Program Service Center, and the New York regional office. In the New York metropolitan region, Social Security pays $7.3 billion in monthly cash bene-fits to 6 million retirees, workers with 
disabilities and their families, and the families of workers who have died. So-cial Security pays an additional $461 million in monthly Supplemental Se-curity Income cash benefits to 835,000 people aged 65 and older, as well as peo-ple who are blind or disabled, regard-less of age. 
Mr. Infiesta and his wife, Joanne, are 
longtime residents of Lynbrook, in Nassau County, Long Island. 
Mr. President, I ask that we give 
tribute on December 10, 2015, to the 42 years of service that Mr. Julio N. Infiesta gave to the Social Security Administration and to the people of the United States. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. ROBERT O. 
KELLEY 
∑Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, after 
7 and a half years of leadership edu-cating the best and brightest minds not only in North Dakota, but from around the world, University of North Dakota, UND, president, Dr. Robert O. Kelley, is retiring. I want to take the time to thank him for his service and send my best wishes to President Kelley, his wife, Marcia, and his family for their commitment to the students, faculty, and families served by the university. 
President Kelley joined the Univer-
sity of North Dakota in 2008, serving as the school’s 11th president and pro-viding the university, its students, the city of Grand Forks, and the State of North Dakota the steadfast direction needed to strengthen the legacy and leadership of the institution. 
As an alumna, the University of 
North Dakota will always hold a spe-cial place in my heart. The University of North Dakota is where I gained knowledge and skills that helped me in both the private and public sectors. So I am proud President Kelley similarly ensured that students continue to re-ceive the skills they need to succeed. Under his steady guidance, the Univer-sity of North Dakota has grown signifi-cantly. 
Nearly $225 million in building 
projects are underway at the univer-sity, including the school of law build-ing addition and renovation and the new school of medicine and health sciences building, which will open in the fall of 2016. Each and every time I return to the campus to visit with stu-dents and faculty, I see firsthand the exceptional college experience UND of-fers. I know these accomplishments are in large part attributed to Dr. Kelley’s direction and will be an element of his legacy for years to come. 
Since the university’s founding in 
1883, it has been an academic center for North Dakota, where young minds have had the opportunity to learn and grow to become the leaders of the State and the country. President Kelley’s leadership has worked to navi-gate the university through sometimes controversial reforms including the process to change the school’s nick-name and logo. Under his guidance, the 
school worked to ensure a smooth tran-sition. 
As UND looks to the future, I recog-
nize that President Kelley’s work over these last 7 and a half years has strengthened the institution’s founda-tion for excellence and will help those who follow in his stead to maintain the school’s legacy. On behalf of the stu-dents, families, and citizens of North Dakota, I wish him and his family the best and thank them for their hard work and service to the University of North Dakota and our great State. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING CARSON TAHOE 
HEALTH’S REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the 10th anniversary of Carson Tahoe Health’s, CTH, ac-claimed regional medical center. 
Over the past decade, this center has 
grown to be one of northern Nevada’s leading health care facilities. Most re-cently, the Carson Tahoe Sierra Sur-gery department of the regional med-ical center received the HealthInsight Hospital Quality Award for its top-tier care and patient satisfaction. The cen-ter has been recognized through a vari-ety of accolades for its cutting-edge medical expertise and incredible pa-tient care. I am proud to see this facil-ity in Nevada recognized on a national level for its high-quality medical treat-ment. 
Since the Medical Center’s opening, 
those working within the facility have gone above and beyond to provide northern Nevadans with the best health care. The staff has spent count-less hours further expanding health care services for Nevadans. The med-ical center has developed a premier open heart and endovascular surgery program and a women and children’s center with a five-star rating. The fa-cility has also secured an affiliation with the University of Utah Health Care and Huntsman Cancer Institute, which significantly increases care op-tions for Nevadans. The center is ac-knowledged for its complete cancer treatment, intervention, support, and aftercare and provides 153 beds for Sil-ver State residents. The staff is com-prised of 240 board-certified physicians that cover an array of 35 medical spe-cialties. The northern Nevada commu-nity is fortunate to have this incred-ible Medical Center ready to help with its medical needs. 
For the past decade, CTH’s regional 
medical center has provided residents across northern Nevada with top-notch and innovative health care options. The hard work of those that have helped grow this facility is greatly ap-preciated. Today I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the regional medical center on its 10th anniversary and in thanking those that work with-in the facility helping to save lives. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.028 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8600 December 10, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE SOUTHERN NE-
VADA CHAPTER OF THE MILI-TARY OFFICERS ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate the southern Ne-vada chapter of the Military Officers Association of America on reaching a significant milestone of 50 years of service in our State. It gives me great pleasure to recognize this entity that does so much for Nevada’s veterans, ac-tive military members, and their fami-lies. 
For half a century, the southern Ne-
vada chapter has provided southern Ne-vada’s military community with an in-credible support system to address a di-verse range of veterans and active mili-tary members’ issues. The organization offers our Nation’s brave men and women advice and guidance on com-pensation and benefits, as well as raises money to benefit Wounded War-riors, ROTC scholarships, and other en-tities helping our heroes who have de-fended our freedoms. The southern Ne-vada chapter spearheaded the Veterans Court Program, which gives veterans a second chance and helps to expunge misdemeanors from their records, so long as they participate in a rehabilita-tion program, perform community service, and maintain a positive life-style. 
Southern Nevada’s military commu-
nity is fortunate to have this chapter working as an ally to improve the lives of veterans. The organization also ad-vocates on behalf of America’s national defense, an issue I believe is crucial for our country. I am grateful to each and every member of this organization for their service and sacrifice in defending our Nation. There is no way to ade-quately thank the men and women who sacrifice their lives for our freedoms. Their service is invaluable to our coun-try. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I have had no greater honor than the opportunity to engage with the men and women who served in our Nation’s military. I rec-ognize Congress has a responsibility not only to honor the brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to en-sure they are cared for when they re-turn home. I remain committed to up-holding this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. I am grateful to have organizations like the southern Nevada chapter working towards a common goal: fighting to ensure the needs of our veterans are met. 
Today I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in recognizing the southern Nevada chapter of the Mili-tary Officers Association of America, an organization with a noble and chari-table mission. I am humbled and hon-ored to recognize its 50th anniversary, and I wish to thank all of the hard- working members for everything they do.∑ REMEMBERING THAIS F. 
O’DONNELL BLATNIK 
∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to honor the life of a dear friend and a remarkable West Virginian who passed away on December 9th, 2015. Former West Virginia State senator and house of delegates member, Thais F. O’Donnell Blatnik, was a dedicated public servant and an inspiring leader who was respected and admired by all who knew her. She led an extraor-dinary life that will always be remem-bered in the hearts of the countless in-dividuals whose lives she touched. 
Thais was a proud West Virginian 
from our State’s northern panhandle. She was born and raised in the town of Weirton, where she grew up with her loving parents and her two younger sis-ters, Eileen and Kay. It was there in the small town of Weirton that Thais would plant her roots and cultivate an inherent love and commitment to her community, the northern panhandle region, and her entire State. 
Thais went on to live a long and pros-
perous life, filled with immense suc-cess. But she never strayed too far from her loved ones and friends in Weirton and the northern panhandle. After graduating from high school, she attended and graduated from West Lib-erty University and launched a tireless career in journalism. After college, 
Thais returned to her beloved home-town to work for the Weirton Daily Times. She also spent part of her ca-reer working for the Wheeling Intel-ligencer and as an editor for the Do-minion Post. 
During her journalism career, Thais 
developed her inquisitive nature along with her passion for asking the hard questions. She was a true force, and she was tough but fair when it came to telling the news. She covered all levels of politics, and she even had the oppor-tunity to interview three U.S. Presi-dents: President Kennedy, President Ford, and President Roosevelt. As a re-sult of her work in journalism, she was emboldened to run for office herself and to stand up for the northern pan-handle communities she loved so dear-ly. 
Just as Thais was a fierce journalist, 
she became an equally strong and pas-sionate public servant. Genuinely com-mitted to improving the lives of all West Virginians, she represented Ohio County for 8 years in the house of dele-gates and another 8 years in the State senate. I was proud to work alongside her and call her my colleague during my time in the State senate. Thais spent her time at the statehouse fight-ing to improve the lives of all West Virginians, but specifically women and children and those struggling with mental health and disabilities. She was honored for her great work and for her service as Mental Health Directors Legislator of the Year and recognized by the West Virginia Association for the Developmentally Disabled for her faithful work helping children with exceptionalities. Thais also served as the executive director of the Wheeling 
Area Training Center for the Handi-capped, WATCH. 
Thais was not only reputable and ac-
complished in her public life, but she was also an unparalleled example of a devoted wife, a proud mother, and a wonderful grandmother. She was mar-ried to the late Dr. Albert M. Blatnik for more than 48 years and paid tribute to him in a book she wrote titled ‘‘Here’s Al.’’ Thais received love and support throughout her life from Al as well as her children—Floyd, Judy, and David—and her grandchildren—Katie, Jack, Joe, Maggie, and Sam—who lov-ingly called her ‘‘Meme.’’ During their lives, Thais and Al led their grand-children across the country intro-ducing them to exciting new experi-ences. 
Anyone who knew Thais Blatnik can 
tell you about her incredible passion for her community and her State and her ability to inspire each person she encountered. She made a difference throughout West Virginia and will be forever remembered for her many years of service. She was truly a hero to so many in our State, and though she will be greatly missed, her memory will al-ways live on. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HENRY FORD 
HEALTH SYSTEM 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize Henry Ford Health System as it celebrates delivering a century of high-quality and innovative health care services to the metropoli-tan Detroit community. 
In 1909, Henry Ford, David Whitney, 
and a few other leading Detroit-area businessmen recognized the need for a major health care center in Detroit and set out to open Detroit General Hos-pital. After experiencing several years of delays, Henry Ford took over the en-tire project and renamed the facility ‘‘Henry Ford Hospital’’, which opened its doors to the public on October 1, 1915. 
From the outset, Henry Ford was fo-
cused upon adapting the insights and innovations he pioneered in the auto-motive industry for use in the delivery of health care services. Among his in-novations were a first-in-the-Nation center for treating chemical depend-ency and an accountability system for promoting shorter patient waiting times. Over the years, Henry Ford Health System’s commitment to inno-vation saw breakthroughs in the ad-ministration of electrocardiograms, improvements in the design of hospital beds, and advancements in medication regiments for treating bacterial infec-tions. 
Throughout its history, Henry Ford 
Health System has been committed to meet the evolving needs of the metro Detroit region. Recognizing the need for access to low-cost health care serv-ices, Henry Ford Hospital partnered with the State of Michigan in 1970 to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.027 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8601 December 10, 2015 
create the Community Health and So-
cial Services, CHASS, clinic in south-west Detroit. Around the same time, Henry Ford Health System also began partnering with the Detroit public schools to provide in-school health services to students. 
With the growing population in De-
troit’s suburbs, Henry Ford Health Sys-tem began to expand, opening new medical centers in Troy, Dearborn, and West Bloomfield. Today Henry Ford Health System has grown from a single facility with 48 beds into a regional health care provider which admits around 89,000 patients each year and delivers approximately 3.5 million clin-ic visits. The staff has also grown to more than 23,000 employees, making Henry Ford Health System the fifth largest employer in the Metro Detroit region. 
In recognition of its outstanding 
commitment to delivering world-class health care services in a novel and ef-fective manner, Henry Ford Health System is the only organization to re-ceive all five major health care quality awards: the Foster G. McGaw Prize in 2004, the Joint Commission’s Ernest Amory Codman and John M. Eisenberg Awards in 2006 and 2011, the American Hospital Association’s McKesson Quest for Quality Prize in 2010, and the Mal-colm Baldrige Award in 2011. As a re-cipient of the Baldrige Award, Henry Ford Health System joins an elite group of organizations who have been recognized for outstanding innovations in their respective fields. 
I am honored to ask my colleagues to 
join me today in recognizing Henry Ford Health System’s 100th anniver-sary. This significant milestone is a great opportunity to reflect upon its century-long record of fostering inno-vations in the development and deliv-ery of health care services, its commit-ment to providing the best possible outcomes for its patients, and the transformative effect it continues to make, both in the health care field and metro Detroit. Henry Ford Health Sys-tem has made a remarkable impact in southeast Michigan over the last cen-tury, and I wish its leadership, medical professionals, and staff well in con-tinuing to fulfill its mission in the years and decades ahead. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JUDGE HAIGANUSH R. 
BEDROSIAN 
∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
as this year draws to a close, so too does a long and accomplished legal ca-reer for Rhode Island Family Court Chief Judge Haiganush R. Bedrosian. She will retire from the bench at the end of December after serving on the family court for over 35 years. Judge Bedrosian is a trailblazer and a skilled leader in the Rhode Island legal com-munity. She will be missed. 
Judge Bedrosian, the daughter of Ar-
menian immigrants, is a lifelong Rhode Islander who grew up in Cranston. She attended Cranston East High School and then Brown University’s Pembroke 
College, where she graduated with a de-gree in political science in 1965. 
She says that when she graduated 
from Pembroke, she was told ‘‘women don’t go to law school’’ and she had best look for work elsewhere. That didn’t sound right to her. 
Judge Bedrosian enrolled at Suffolk 
Law School, where she excelled. She earned a clerkship with Rhode Island Supreme Court Justice Thomas Paolino. After her clerkship, she rose quickly in the legal profession, serving as an assistant general counsel for the Providence & Worcester Railroad, rep-resenting children in private practice and serving as a special assistant to the Rhode Island Attorney General in the Criminal Division. 
In 1980, Rhode Island Governor J. Jo-
seph Garrahy nominated her to serve on Rhode Island’s family court, making her the first woman to sit on the fam-ily court bench. Over the course of her tenure, she has built a reputation for fairness, compassion, and thorough command of the law. She has deftly handled some of the most complex and difficult cases to come before the Court. 
She rose to the position of chief 
judge on the family court in 2010—an-other first for a woman in Rhode Is-land—where she has proven herself an able leader. She has promoted medi-ation as a way to resolve challenging family disputes more quickly and with less stress on the parties involved. She has advocated for improvements to the way juveniles are treated in our justice system, both at the State and Federal levels. She has worked to combat human trafficking and sexual violence. And she has expanded the family treat-ment drug court, a smart and effective program to address drug offenses that involve youth and families. 
In addition to her good work in the 
courtroom, Judge Bedrosian has con-tributed a great deal to her commu-nity. She remains a committed mem-ber of the congregation of Saints Vartanantz Armenian Apostolic Church in Providence where she is a frequent volunteer. She has also found-ed and served as president of the Rhode Island Trial Judges Association. 
We will miss Judge Bedrosian’s 
steady hand and compassionate, rea-soned rulings on the bench. But we wish her well in the next chapter of her life. Best of luck, Your Honor. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2 p.m., a message from the House 
of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2130. An act to provide legal certainty 
to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes. MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2130. An act to provide legal certainty 
to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–124. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of Alabama applying to the United States Congress, pursuant to Article V of the Constitution of the United States, to call a convention of the states limited to proposing amendments that im-pose fiscal restraints on the federal govern-ment, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limit the terms of office of federal government officials; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H
OUSE JOINT RESOLUTION 112 
Whereas, the Founders of our Constitution 
empowered state legislators to be guardians of liberty against future abuses of power by the federal government; and 
Whereas, the federal government has cre-
ated a crushing national debt through im-proper and imprudent spending; and 
Whereas, the federal government has in-
vaded the legitimate roles of the states through the manipulative process of federal mandates, most of which are unfunded to a great extent; and 
Whereas, the federal government has 
ceased to live under a proper interpretation of the Constitution of the United States; and 
Whereas, it is the solemn duty of the 
states to protect the liberty of our people, particularly for the generations to come, to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States through a Convention of the States under Article V to place clear re-straints on these and related abuses of power: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Legislature of Alabama, both 
houses thereof concurring , That the Legisla-
ture of the State of Alabama hereby applies to Congress, under the provisions of Article V of the Constitution of the United States, for the calling of a convention of the states limited to proposing amendments that im-pose fiscal restraints on the federal govern-ment, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limit the terms of office for its officials. This is an application for a Convention of States. By definition, a Convention of States requires the equality of all state parties necessitating a rule of one state, one vote. Congress has no authority to adopt any rule to the contrary; and be it fur-ther 
Resolved , This application is adopted with 
the understanding that the Legislature will, by law or rule, create rules for its appoint-ment of delegates to any Convention of States, including rules that govern the duty of commissioners or delegates to strictly ad-here to the limited subject matter of the convention contained in the state’s applica-tion; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Secretary of State is 
hereby directed to transmit copies of this ap-plication to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate and to the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, and to the members of the Sen-ate and House of Representatives of the United States Congress from this state; and to also transmit copies hereof to the pre-siding officers of each of the legislative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.055 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8602 December 10, 2015 
houses in the several states, requesting their 
cooperation; and be it further 
Resolved , That this application constitutes 
a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until the Legislatures of at least two- thirds of the several states have made appli-cations on the same subject. 
POM–125. A communication from a citizen 
of the State of Illinois memorializing the State of Illinois’s petition to the United States Congress calling for a constitutional convention for the purpose of proposing amendments; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Legislative Ac-
tivities Report of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hun-dred Thirteenth Congress’’ (Rept. No. 114– 178). 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: 
S. Res. 189. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the 25th anni-versary of democracy in Mongolia. 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with a pre-amble: 
S. Res. 320. A resolution congratulating the 
people of Burma on their commitment to peaceful elections. 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment and with an amended preamble: 
S. Res. 326. A resolution celebrating the 
135th anniversary of diplomatic relations be-tween the United States and Romania. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Dana J. Boente, of Virginia, to be United 
States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia for the term of four years. 
Robert Lloyd Capers, of New York, to be 
United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of New York for the term of four years. 
John P. Fishwick, Jr., of Virginia, to be 
United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of Virginia for the term of four years. 
Emily Gray Rice, of New Hampshire, to be 
United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire for the term of four years. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
LEE): 
S. 2383. A bill to withdraw certain Bureau 
of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared management of the 
withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of the Air Force to fa-cilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FLAKE: 
S. 2384. A bill to amend the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the consideration by State regulatory au-thorities and nonregulated electric utilities of whether subsidies should be provided for the deployment, construction, maintenance, or operation of a customer-side technology; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources . 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
F
LAKE ): 
S. 2385. A bill to strengthen protections for 
the remaining populations of wild elephants, rhinoceroses, and other imperiled species through country-specific anti-poaching ef-forts and anti-trafficking strategies, to pro-mote the value of wildlife and natural re-sources, to curtail the demand for illegal wildlife products in consumer countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. S
CHUMER ): 
S. 2386. A bill to authorize the establish-
ment of the Stonewall National Historic Site in the State of New York as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. S ANDERS , 
Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 2387. A bill to restore protections for So-
cial Security, Railroad retirement, and Black Lung benefits from administrative off-set; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
L
EE): 
S. 2388. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for recip-rocal marketing approval of certain drugs, biological products, and devices that are au-thorized to be lawfully marketed abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. 
C
ANTWELL ): 
S. 2389. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to extend the rural add- on payment in the Medicare home health benefit, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. L
EAHY ): 
S. 2390. A bill to provide adequate protec-
tions for whistleblowers at the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. 
M
ARKEY , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 2391. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend cer-tain energy tax provisions; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2392. A bill to enhance beneficiary and 
provider protections and improve trans-parency in the Medicare Advantage market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2393. A bill to extend temporarily the ex-
tended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for 
other purposes; considered and passed. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ): 
S. 2394. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to improve the H–1B visa program, to repeal the diversity visa lottery program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. S CHU-
MER): 
S. 2395. A bill to reauthorize the State 
Criminal Alien Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
P
ERDUE ): 
S. 2396. A bill to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Olsin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Court-house’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. L EAHY , 
Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. 
SCHUMER ): 
S. 2397. A bill to amend the Child Abuse 
Prevention and Treatment Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to States that extend or eliminate unexpired statutes of limitation applicable to laws involving child sexual abuse; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 2398. A bill to provide benefits and serv-
ices to workers who have lost their jobs or have experienced a reduction in wages or hours due to the transition to clean energy, to amend the National Labor Relations Act to establish an efficient system to enable employees to form, join, or assist labor orga-nizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 2399. A bill to provide for emissions re-
ductions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Ms. 
AYOTTE ): 
S.J. Res. 28. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. R EID): 
S. Res. 333. A resolution to direct the Sen-
ate Legal Counsel to appear as amicus curiae in the name of the Senate in Bank Markazi, The Central Bank of Iran v. Deborah D. Peterson, et al. (S. Ct.); considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 469 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
469, a bill to improve the reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.014 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8603 December 10, 2015 
or injured members of the Armed 
Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-
istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 706 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
706, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institu-tions of higher education to have an independent advocate for campus sex-ual assault prevention and response. 
S. 727 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 727, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include bio-mass heating appliances for tax credits available for energy-efficient building property and energy property. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the di-agnosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1455 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1455, a bill to provide access to medication-assisted therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1697 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), the Sen-
ator from Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ), the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ), 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
PORTMAN ) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 1697, a bill to provide an exception from certain group health plan require-ments to allow small businesses to use pre-tax dollars to assist employees in the purchase of policies in the indi-vidual health insurance market, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1915 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1915, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2186 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2186, a bill to provide the legal frame-work necessary for the growth of inno-vative private financing options for students to fund postsecondary edu-cation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2193 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2193, a 
bill to amend the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare com-petitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and acces-sories. 
S. 2336 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2336, a bill to modernize laws, and eliminate discrimination, with respect to people living with HIV/AIDS, and for other purposes. 
S. 2337 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator 
from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 2337, a bill to im-prove homeland security by enhancing the requirements for participation in the Visa Waiver Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2348 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2348, a bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or de-tention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2351 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2351, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ex-tend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advan-tage. 
S. 2363 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2363, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to permit the Gov-ernor of a State to reject the resettle-ment of a refugee in that State unless there is adequate assurance that the alien does not present a security risk and for other purposes. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of cer-tain lymphedema compression treat-ment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.017 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8604 December 10, 2015 
S. 2377 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2377, a bill to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and protect and secure the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. W ARREN , and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 2387. A bill to restore protections 
for Social Security, Railroad retire-ment, and Black Lung benefits from administrative offset; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, every 
day, Social Security provides vital ben-efits to millions of Americans who worked and paid into the system. To ensure workers would receive full ac-cess to these fundamental lifeline bene-fits, for many years, the law protected these earned benefits from attempts to recover debts. However, 20 years ago, Congress suddenly reversed course, and made a change to the law that allowed the government to cut Social Security and other hard-earned benefit pay-ments in order to collect student loan and other Federal debts, like home loans owed to the Veterans Adminis-tration, and food stamp overpayments. 
Now more than ever, the loss of these 
protections is creating a major hard-ship for American Citizens who rely on Social Security and other earned bene-fits to make ends meet. Student loan debt is becoming an increasingly seri-ous problem in in Oregon and across the nation, with students and their families burdened by crushing student loan debt. Even in the best cir-cumstances, many families will strug-gle to pay off crippling loans for years to come. However, for people who rely on benefits like Social Security after retirement, disability, or the death of a family member, making payments on student loans or other federal debts can become an insurmountable hard-ship. 
Because of the lifeline nature of 
these earned benefits, for more than 40 years the law prevented all creditors from collecting hard-earned Social Se-curity, Railroad Retirement, and Black Lung benefits to recoup debts. The only exceptions included unpaid Fed-eral taxes, child support or alimony payments, and court-ordered victim restitution. These protections helped ensure that our social safety net pro-grams were functioning as intended— something I think we can all agree is essential to preserving Social Security and other earned benefits. 
Astonishingly, when the law changed 
as part of a 1996 omnibus budget bill, these changes were never fully debated in Congress. This means Members of Congress never had the chance to real-
ly explore how this policy would affect beneficiaries. The legislation ulti-mately included some protections for the most vulnerable, but even those protections have not been updated in 20 years. 
We now realize what a profound ef-
fect the loss of these protections has had on retirees and individuals with disabilities, who often live on fixed in-comes. More and more seniors and peo-ple with disabilities are having their Social Security and other lifeline bene-fits taken away to pay federal debts. For example, according to a September 2014 GAO report, the number of individ-uals whose Social Security benefits were offset to pay student loan debt in-creased significantly between 2002 and 2013, from about 31,000 to 155,000. For individuals 65 and older with student loan-related Social Security garnish-ments, the number grew from about 6,000 to about 36,000 over the same pe-riod. Congress should restore sanity to the system, and reestablish the protec-tions that these beneficiaries deserve. 
That is why I, along with Senators 
B
ROWN , WHITEHOUSE , GILLIBRAND , KLO-
BUCHAR , SANDERS and W ARREN are in-
troducing the Protection of Social Se-curity Benefits Restoration Act. The bill would restore the strong protec-tions in the law that prevented the government from taking away earned benefits to pay Federal debts, and guarantee beneficiaries will be able to maintain a basic standard of living by receiving the benefits they have earned. The bill is supported by Social Security Works, The Strengthen Social Security Coalition, AFL–CIO, Justice in Aging, Campaign for America’s Fu-ture, Global Policy Solutions, Student Debt Crisis, the National Organization for Women, RootsAction.org, Project Springboard, The Alliance for a Just Society, the Economic Opportunity In-stitute, the Progressive Change Cam-paign Committee, The Arc of the United States, The Public Higher Edu-cation Network of Massachusetts, the American Federation of Government Employees, and the National Com-mittee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2387 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protection 
of Social Security Benefits Restoration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROTECTING SOCIAL SECURITY, RAIL-
ROAD RETIREMENT, AND BLACK LUNG BENEFITS FROM ADMINISTRA-TIVE OFFSET. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON ADMINISTRATIVE OFFSET  
AUTHORITY .— 
(1) A SSIGNMENT UNDER SOCIAL SECURITY  
ACT.—Section 207 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 407) is amended by adding at the 
end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) Subparagraphs (A), (C), and (D) of sec-
tion 3716(c)(3) of title 31, United States Code, as such subparagraphs were in effect on the date before the date of enactment of the Pro-tection of Social Security Benefits Restora-tion Act, shall be null and void and of no ef-fect.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 14(a) of the Railroad Retire-
ment Act of 1974 (45 U.S.C. 231m(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘. The provisions of section 207(d) of the So-cial Security Act shall apply with respect to this title to the same extent as they apply in the case of title II of such Act.’’. 
(B) Section 2(e) of the Railroad Unemploy-
ment Insurance Act (45 U.S.C. 352(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The provisions of section 207(d) of the So-cial Security Act shall apply with respect to this title to the same extent as they apply in the case of title II of such Act.’’ 
(b) R
EPEAL OF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFSET AU-
THORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 
3716(c) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(3)(A)(i) Notwithstanding’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘any overpay-ment under such program).’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D); 
and 
(C) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
paragraph (3). 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(5) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘the Commissioner of Social Security and’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to any col-lection by administrative offset occurring on or after the date of enactment of this Act of a claim arising before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Ms. C ANTWELL ): 
S. 2389. A bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to extend the rural add-on payment in the Medicare home health benefit, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today with my colleague from Wash-ington, Senator C
ANTWELL , to intro-
duce the Preserve Access to Medicare Rural Home Health Services Act of 2015. This legislation would extend the modest increase in payments for home health services in rural areas that oth-erwise will expire on January 1 of 2018. 
Home health has become an increas-
ingly important part of our health care system. The kinds of highly skilled— and often technically complex—serv-ices that our nation’s home health caregivers provide have enabled mil-lions of our most frail and vulnerable older and disabled citizens to avoid hospitals and nursing homes and stay just where they want to be—in the comfort, privacy, and security of their own homes. I have accompanied several of Maine’s caring home health nurses on their visits to patients and have seen first hand the difference that they are making for patients and their fami-lies. 
Surveys have shown that the delivery 
of home health services in rural areas can be as much as 12 to 15 percent more costly because of the extra travel time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.018 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8605 December 10, 2015 
required to cover long distances be-
tween patients, higher transportation expenses, and other factors. Because of the longer travel times, rural care-givers are unable to make as many vis-its in a day as their urban counter-parts. For example, home health care agencies in Aroostook County in Northern Maine, where I am from, cover almost 6,700 square miles, with an average population of fewer than 11 persons per square mile. These agen-cies’ costs are understandably much higher than other agencies located in more urban areas due to the long dis-tances the staff must drive to see cli-ents. Moreover, the staff is not able to see as many patients due to time on the road. 
Agencies serving rural areas are also 
frequently smaller than their urban counterparts, which means that their relative costs are higher. Smaller agen-cies with fewer patients and fewer vis-its mean that fixed costs, particularly those associated with meeting regu-latory requirements, are spread over a much smaller number of patients and visits, increasing overall per-patient and per-visit costs. 
Moreover, in many rural areas, home 
health agencies are the primary care-givers for homebound beneficiaries with limited access to transportation. These rural patients often require more time and care than their urban coun-terparts and are understandably more expensive for agencies to serve. If the extra three per cent rural payment is not extended, agencies may be forced to decide not to accept rural patients with greater care needs. That could translate into less access to health care for ill, homebound seniors. The re-sult would likely be that these seniors would be hospitalized more frequently and would have to seek care in nursing homes, adding considerable cost to the system. 
Failure to extend the rural add-on 
payment would only put more pressure on rural home health agencies that are already operating on very narrow mar-gins and could force some of the agen-cies to close their doors altogether. If any of these agencies were forced to close, the Medicare patients in that re-gion could lose all of their access to home care. 
The legislation we are introducing 
today will extend the rural add-on for 5 years and help to ensure that Medicare patients in rural areas continue to have access to the home health serv-ices they need. Moreover, we would off-set costs of the bill by reducing the home health outlier fund by .25 percent over the same 5 years. I urge our col-leagues to join us as cosponsors. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 2390. A bill to provide adequate 
protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, in 
his 2013 confirmation hearing, FBI Di-rector James Comey called whistle-
blowers ‘‘a critical element of a func-tioning democracy.’’ 
That is what I have been saying for 
years. Whistleblowers expose waste, fraud, and abuse. They help keep Gov-ernment honest and make sure tax-payer dollars are spent wisely. By pointing out problems, whistleblowers foster transparency and make it pos-sible for an organization to do better. 
Agencies should value their contribu-
tions. Instead, agencies often ignore whistleblower complaints or worse—re-taliate against whistleblowers for bringing wrongdoing to light. 
Across the Federal Government, 
whistleblowers are treated like skunks at a picnic, instead of the dedicated public servants they are. Unfortu-nately, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation is no exception on that point. However, the FBI is the exception when it comes to legal protections for whistleblowers. 
Unlike every other federal agency, 
the FBI is the only agency where em-ployees are not protected for reporting wrongdoing to their direct supervisors or others within their chain-of-com-mand. This makes no sense. 
Studies show the great majority of 
whistleblowers first make disclosures to their supervisors. The FBI’s own policy encourages reports to super-visors within the chain-of-command. Nevertheless, an FBI employee who makes a disclosure of waste, fraud, or abuse to their supervisor has no protec-tion under law if the supervisor retali-ates. 
It is no surprise, then, that a 2015 re-
port by the Government Account-ability Office found that, of the 54 closed FBI whistleblower complaints it reviewed where documentation showed the reason for closing the case, at least 17 cases were dismissed in part because an employee made a disclosure to someone in their chain-of-command or management. 
Why is there this gaping hole in FBI 
whistleblower protections? Because, unlike every other federal law enforce-ment agency, the FBI is statutorily ex-empt from government-wide whistle-blower protection laws. As a result, it lives under its own unique regulatory scheme conceived, created, and con-trolled entirely within the Department of Justice. There is no independent re-view. 
This unique exemption for the FBI 
has led to outrageous delays in the ad-judication of FBI whistleblower com-plaints due to endless internal appeals and the low priority that FBI whistle-blower cases receive at the Justice De-partment. 
Currently, FBI whistleblower cases 
are adjudicated by the Department’s Office of Attorney Recruitment and Management—an office whose very name clearly shows it was not designed to address reprisal cases. Appeals are considered by the Deputy Attorney General’s office. That office has made clear that it has other priorities that render it incapable of even minimal 
communications with whistleblowers to inform them of their case status. Clearly, we need to do better. 
I have worked with many FBI whis-
tleblowers over the years who put ev-erything on the line just to tell the truth. In exchange for their courage, they faced delays of up to a decade in adjudicating their cases, a deaf ear from the highest levels of the Justice Department, and in many cases, no protection at all. 
Consider the case of Michael German. 
Michael testified at our hearing in March this year where we examined the effectiveness—or lack thereof—of the Justice Department’s FBI whistle-blower regulations. 
Before he resigned from the FBI in 
2004, Michael German was a decorated undercover special agent who success-fully risked his life to infiltrate white supremacist and neo-Nazi hate groups across the United States, some with ties to foreign terrorist groups. He dis-covered that a portion of a meeting be-tween two such groups had been ille-gally recorded by mistake. 
Rather than following the rules and 
documenting the error, as he sug-gested, a supervisor told him to ‘‘pre-tend it didn’t happen.’’ But he refused to back down. He reported the wrong-doing to his Assistant Special Agent in Charge. Then the FBI ‘‘froze him out and made him a ‘pariah.’’’ 
Because Special Agent German dis-
closed wrongdoing to his ASAC instead of one of the nine specifically des-ignated entities in the Justice Depart-ment regulations, he was not pro-tected. His case was not even inves-tigated ‘‘in earnest,’’ according to him, until he resigned from the FBI and re-ported the matter to Congress. 
This is the tragedy of weak FBI whis-
tleblower protections: If this bill had been law when Michael German first blew the whistle, this country might still have the benefit of this decorated FBI Special Agent in our fight against terrorism. He is by far not the only FBI whistleblower sidelined and ostracized by the failures of current law and pol-icy. 
In today’s world, we cannot afford to 
lose public servants like Michael Ger-man. That is why today, with my co-sponsor Senator L
EAHY , I am intro-
ducing this hi-partisan legislation, the FBI Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2015. 
Among other things, this bill will for 
the first time provide legal protection to FBI employees who report wrong-doing to their supervisors, provide a more independent process for whistle-blowers who have suffered reprisal, and increase oversight and transparency of the FBI whistleblower complaint proc-ess. 
This bill is a long time coming. I 
urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.044 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8606 December 10, 2015 
S. 2390 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation Whistleblower Protec-tion Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FBI WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2303 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2303. Prohibited personnel practices in the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘administrative law judge’ 
means an administrative law judge ap-pointed by the Attorney General under sec-tion 3105 or used by the Attorney General under section 3344; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘Inspector General’ means 
the Inspector General of the Department of Justice; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘personnel action’ means any 
action described in section 2302(a)(2)(A) with respect to an employee in, or applicant for, a position in the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion (other than a position of a confidential, policy-determining, policymaking, or policy- advocating character); 
‘‘(4) the term ‘prohibited personnel prac-
tice’ means a prohibited personnel practice described in subsection (b); and 
‘‘(5) the term ‘protected disclosure’ means 
any disclosure of information by an em-ployee in, or applicant for, a position in the Federal Bureau of Investigation— 
‘‘(A) made— ‘‘(i) for an employee, to a supervisor in the 
direct chain of command of the employee, up to and including the head of the employing agency; 
‘‘(ii) to the Inspector General; ‘‘(iii) to the Office of Professional Respon-
sibility of the Department of Justice; 
‘‘(iv) to the Office of Professional Respon-
sibility of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion; 
‘‘(v) to the Inspection Division of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation; 
‘‘(vi) to a Member of Congress; ‘‘(vii) to the Office of Special Counsel; or ‘‘(viii) to an employee designated by any 
officer, employee, office, or division de-scribed in clauses (i) through (vii) for the purpose of receiving such disclosures; and 
‘‘(B) which the employee or applicant rea-
sonably believes evidences— 
‘‘(i) any violation of any law, rule, or regu-
lation; or 
‘‘(ii) gross mismanagement, a gross waste 
of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substan-tial and specific danger to public health or safety. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITED PRACTICES .—Any em-
ployee of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion or another component of the Depart-ment of Justice who has authority to take, direct others to take, recommend, or approve any personnel action, shall not, with respect to such authority— 
‘‘(1) take or fail to take, or threaten to 
take or fail to take, a personnel action with respect to an employee in, or applicant for, a position in the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion because of a protected disclosure; 
‘‘(2) take or fail to take, or threaten to 
take or fail to take, any personnel action against an employee in, or applicant for, a position in the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion because of— 
‘‘(A) the exercise of any appeal, complaint, 
or grievance right granted by any law, rule, or regulation— 
‘‘(i) with regard to remedying a violation 
of paragraph (1); or ‘‘(ii) other than with regard to remedying 
a violation of paragraph (1); 
‘‘(B) testifying for or otherwise lawfully 
assisting any individual in the exercise of any right referred to in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) cooperating with or disclosing infor-
mation to the Inspector General of an agen-cy, or the Special Counsel, in accordance with applicable provisions of law; or 
‘‘(D) refusing to obey an order that would 
require the individual to violate a law; or 
‘‘(3) implement or enforce any nondisclo-
sure policy, form, or agreement, if such pol-icy, form, or agreement does not contain the statement described in section 2302(b)(13). 
‘‘(c) P
ROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) F ILING OF A COMPLAINT .—An employee 
in, or applicant for, a position in the Federal Bureau of Investigation may seek review of a personnel action alleged to be in violation of subsection (b) by filing a complaint with the Office of the Inspector General. 
‘‘(2) I
NVESTIGATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General 
shall investigate any complaint alleging a personnel action in violation of subsection (b), consistent with the procedures and re-quirements described in section 1214. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—The Inspector Gen-
eral— 
‘‘(i) shall issue a decision containing the 
findings of the Inspector General supporting the determination of the Inspector General; and 
‘‘(ii) if the Inspector General determines 
that reasonable grounds exist to believe that a personnel action occurred, exists, or is to be taken, in violation of subsection (b), the Inspector General shall request from an ad-ministrative law judge, and the administra-tive law judge, without further proceedings, shall issue, a preliminary order staying the personnel action. 
‘‘(3) F
ILING OF OBJECTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the Inspector General issues a decision under paragraph (2)(B)(i), either party may file objections to the decision and request a hearing on the record. 
‘‘(B) N
O EFFECT ON STAY .—The filing of ob-
jections under subparagraph (A) shall not af-fect the stay of a personnel action under a preliminary order issued under paragraph 
(2)(B)(ii). 
‘‘(C) N
O OBJECTIONS FILED .—If no party has 
filed objections as of the date that is 61 days after the date the Inspector General issues a decision— 
‘‘(i) the decision is final and not subject to 
further review; and 
‘‘(ii) if the Inspector General had deter-
mined that reasonable grounds exist to be-lieve that a personnel action occurred, ex-ists, or is to be taken, in violation of sub-section (b)— 
‘‘(I) an administrative law judge, without 
further proceedings, shall issue an order per-manently staying the personnel action; and 
‘‘(II) upon motion by the employee, and 
after an opportunity for a hearing, an admin-istrative law judge may issue an order that provides for corrective action as described under section 1221(g). 
‘‘(4) R
EVIEW BY ADMINISTRATIVE LAW  
JUDGE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If objections are filed 
under paragraph (3)(A), an administrative law judge shall review the decision by the In-spector General on the record after oppor-tunity for agency hearing. 
‘‘(B) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION .—An administra-
tive law judge may issue an order providing for corrective action as described under sec-tion 1221(g). 
‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION .—An administrative 
law judge shall issue a written decision ex-plaining the grounds for the determination by the administrative law judge under this 
paragraph. 
‘‘(D) E
FFECT OF DETERMINATION .—The de-
termination by an administrative law judge under this paragraph shall become the deci-sion of the Department of Justice without further proceedings, unless there is an appeal to, or review on motion of, the Attorney General within such time as the Attorney General shall by rule establish. 
‘‘(5) R
EVIEW BY ATTORNEY GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) T IMEFRAME .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Upon an appeal to, or re-
view on motion of, the Attorney General under paragraph (4)(D), the Attorney Gen-eral, through reference to such categories of cases, or other means, as the Attorney Gen-eral determines appropriate, shall establish and announce publicly the date by which the Attorney General intends to complete action on the matter, which shall ensure expedi-tious consideration of the appeal or review, consistent with the interests of fairness and other priorities of the Attorney General. 
‘‘(ii) F
AILURE TO MEET DEADLINE .—If the 
Attorney General fails to complete action on an appeal or review by the announced date, and the expected delay will exceed 30 days, the Attorney General shall publicly an-nounce the new date by which the Attorney General intends to complete action on the appeal or review. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall issue a written decision explaining the grounds for the determination by the At-torney General in an appeal or review under paragraph (4)(D). 
‘‘(6) P
UBLICATION OF DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) P UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), the Attorney Gen-eral shall make written decisions issued by administrative law judges under paragraph (4)(C) and written decisions issued by the At-torney General under paragraph (5)(B) pub-licly available. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subparagraph (A) shall be construed to limit the authority of an administrative law judge or the Attorney General to limit the public disclosure of information under law or regu-lations. 
‘‘(7) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Any determination 
by an administrative law judge or the Attor-ney General under this subsection shall be subject to judicial review under chapter 7. A petition for judicial review of such a deter-mination shall be filed in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit or any court of appeals of competent jurisdic-tion. 
‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Attorney General 
shall prescribe regulations to carry out sub-section (c) that— 
‘‘(1) ensure that prohibited personnel prac-
tices shall not be taken against an employee in, or applicant for, a position in the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and 
‘‘(2) provide for the administration and en-
forcement of subsection (c) in a manner con-sistent with applicable provisions of sections 1214 and 1221 and in accordance with the pro-cedures under subchapter II of chapter 5 and chapter 7. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTING .—Not later than March 1 of 
each year, the Attorney General shall make publically available a report containing— 
‘‘(1) the number and nature of allegations 
of a prohibited personnel practice received during the previous year; 
‘‘(2) the disposition of each allegation of a 
prohibited personnel practice resolved dur-ing the previous year; 
‘‘(3) the number of unresolved allegations 
of a prohibited personnel practice pending as of the end of the previous year and, for each such unresolved allegation, how long the al-legation had been pending as of the end of the previous year; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.024 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8607 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(4) the number of disciplinary investiga-
tions and actions taken with respect to each allegation of a prohibited personnel practice during the previous year; 
‘‘(5) the number of instances during the 
previous year in which the Inspector General found a reasonable basis that a prohibited personnel practice had occurred that were appealed by the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion; and 
‘‘(6) the number of allegations of a prohib-
ited personnel practice resolved through set-tlement, including the number that were re-solved as a result of mediation. 
‘‘(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to limit the jurisdiction of any office under any other provision of law to conduct an investigation to determine whether a prohibited personnel practice has been or will be taken.’’. 
(b) GAO R
EPORT .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘prohibited personnel practice’’ means a prohibited personnel practice described in section 2303(b) of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the effects of the amendment made by subsection (a), which shall include— 
(A) an evaluation of the timeliness of reso-
lution of allegations of a prohibited per-sonnel practice; 
(B) an analysis of the corrective action 
provided in instances of a prohibited per-sonnel practice; 
(C) the number and type of disciplinary ac-
tions taken in instances of a prohibited per-sonnel practice; 
(D) an evaluation of the communication by 
the Inspector General of the Department of Justice with an individual alleging a prohib-ited personnel practice regarding the inves-tigation and resolution of the allegation; 
(E) an assessment of the mediation process 
of the Department of Justice; and 
(F) a discussion of how the use of adminis-
trative law judges and review under chapters 5 and 7 of title 5, United States Code, af-fected the process of investigating and re-solving allegations of a prohibited personnel practice. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, whistle-
blowers serve an essential role in pro-viding transparency and accountability in the Federal Government. It is im-
portant that all government employees are provided with strong and effective avenues to come forward with evidence of government abuse and misuse. To ensure that whistleblowers feel com-fortable speaking up when they dis-cover wrongdoing, it is also imperative that they are afforded protections from retaliation. That is why Senator G
RASSLEY and I are joining together to 
introduce the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, ‘‘FBI’’, Whistleblower Protec-tion Enhancements Act of 2015. 
Current FBI policies do not go far 
enough to protect whistleblowers. In March, the Judiciary Committee held a hearing that highlighted a number of serious problems facing whistleblowers at the FBI. We received testimony about the lack of protections for em-ployees who report waste, fraud, or abuse to their direct supervisors. We also heard instances of the FBI failing to comply with regulatory require-ments when conducting retaliation in-vestigations, and that adjudication of contested cases can take years. One 
former employee, Michael German, tes-tified in detail about how he was forced to end his distinguished career at the FBI after he disclosed to Congress seri-ous deficiencies in the agency’s han-dling of counterterrorism investiga-tions. He chose to do this after making a protected whistleblower disclosure at the FBI that went nowhere while the retaliation continued. 
The concerns expressed at the hear-
ing echo concerns that were identified in two recent reports on the FBI whis-tleblower framework, one by the De-partment of Justice and the other by Government Accountability Office. Clearly the status quo is unacceptable. Congress should extend to FBI whistle-blowers the same level of protection that is afforded other Federal employ-ees who speak out about waste, fraud, or abuse. That is what Senator G
RASS -
LEYand I seek to do today with this 
bill. 
Our legislation closely tracks the 
protections contained in the Whistle-blower Protection Act. Importantly, we extend whistleblower protections to FBI employees who blow the whistle to supervisors in their chain of command. This common sense fix is crucial to protect those employees who dare to speak up and report concerns to their superiors. The bill also provides clear guidance on the investigation and adju-dication of retaliation claims. Inves-tigations will now be handled solely by the Office of Inspector General, rather than sharing this responsibility with the Office of Professional Responsi-bility. This will provide much needed clarity and consistency in the process. Contested cases will now be adju-dicated by Administrative Law Judges instead of by the Office of Attorney Re-cruitment and Management. Under this new process the Administrative Proce-dures Act will apply, ensuring a hear-ing on the record and strong procedural protections for all parties. 
This bipartisan bill will help to en-
sure that FBI employees are able to blow the whistle on waste, fraud, or abuse at the FBI and not face personal repercussions for doing so. I urge the Senate to act quickly to take up and pass this important bipartisan legisla-tion. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, 
Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. 
MERKLEY ): 
S. 2391. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend certain energy tax provisions; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, one of 
the great moral issues of our time is the global crisis of climate change. Let me be very clear about climate change. Climate change is not a Democratic issue or a progressive issue. It is not a Republican issue or a conservative issue. What it is, is an issue that has everything to do with physics. It is an issue of physics. What we know beyond a shadow of a doubt is that the debate is over, and that is that the vast major-
ity of the scientists who have studied the issues are quite clear. What they tell us over and over again is that cli-mate change is real, climate change is caused by human activity, and climate change is already causing devastating problems throughout our country and, in fact, throughout the world. 
What the scientists also tell us is 
that we have a relatively short window of opportunity to bring about the fun-damental changes we need in our glob-al energy system to transform our en-ergy system from fossil fuel to energy efficiency and sustainable energy. We have a limited window of opportunity. What the scientists are telling us very clearly is if we do not seize that oppor-tunity, if we do not lead the world— working with China, Russia, India and other countries—in transforming the global energy system, the planet we leave to our children and our grand-children will be significantly less hab-itable than the planet we enjoy. 
My nightmare is that 20, 30, 40 years 
from now our kids and our grand-children will look Members of the Sen-ate and the House in the eye, and they will say: The scientists told you what would happen and you did nothing. Why did you not react? How hard was it to stand up to the fossil fuel indus-try and transform our energy system away from coal and oil into energy effi-ciency and wind, solar, geothermal, and other sustainable energies? 
Pope Francis recently made what I 
thought to be a very profound state-ment. He said that our planet is on a suicidal direction—a suicidal direc-tion—in terms of climate change. What a frightening and horrible thought. How irresponsible can we be to ignore what the entire scientific community is saying? 
I know there are many of my col-
leagues who refuse to acknowledge the reality. As perhaps the most progres-sive Member of the U.S. Senate let me simply say this: I have differences with my Republican colleagues on virtually every issue. That goes without saying, but there is something very different about this issue. I have been in hear-ings with my Republican colleagues where I heard doctors and scientists talk about cancer, about Alzheimer’s, about diabetes, about all kinds of ill-nesses, and I may disagree with my Re-publican colleagues about how we go forward, how much we should fund NIH, but I have never heard my Repub-lican colleagues attack doctors or re-searchers or scientists for their views on cancer research or Alzheimer’s re-search. As I do, they respect that re-search. But somehow or another, when it comes to the issue of climate change, at best what we are seeing Republicans do—many Republicans, most Repub-licans—is ignore the issue or claim they are not scientists or, at worst, at-tack those scientists who are doing the research. 
Why is that? Why is it that my Re-
publican colleagues accept the research 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.024 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8608 December 10, 2015 
on cancer, on Alzheimer’s, on all kinds 
of illnesses, and they respect scientists who are working in all kinds of areas. But somehow or another when it comes to the issue of climate change, my Re-publican friends are in denial? What I will say is that this has nothing to do with science, and it has sadly and trag-ically everything to do with our cor-rupt campaign finance laws, which allow large corporations and billion-aires to contribute as much money as they want into the political process. In my view, the reality is that any Repub-lican—and I happen to believe that many Republicans understand the truth about climate change. But I also 
believe that any Republican who stood up and said ‘‘You know what, I just talked to some scientists’’ or ‘‘I just read some of the literature, and this climate change is real, it is dangerous, and we have to do something about it’’—I believe that on that day when that Republican stands up, the money will stop flowing from the fossil fuel industry, from the Koch brothers, and there will be a strong likelihood that Republican would be primaried in the next election. 
According to the Center for Respon-
sive Politics, at the national level where companies have to report what they spend on lobbying and campaign contributions, the oil companies, coal companies, and electric utilities have spent a staggering $2.2 billion in Fed-eral lobbying since 2009 and another $330 million in Federal campaign con-tributions. That is just at the Federal level—over $2.5 billion in lobbying and campaign contributions in just 6 years. Even in Washington, DC, that is a lot of money, and that is just the money that we know about. 
That is not all of it. That is not the 
end of it. As a result of the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court deci-sion, which allowed corporations and billionaires to spend unlimited sums of money, we know that the Koch broth-ers, who make most of their money in the fossil fuel industry, and a handful of their friends will be spending some $900 million—$900 million—from one family and a few of their friends in the 2016 election cycle. Clearly, one of the reasons they are investing so much in this election cycle is that they intend to continue doing everything they can to make sure Congress does not go for-ward to protect our kids and our grand-children against the ravages of climate change. 
According to an 8-month investiga-
tion by journalists at Inside Climate News, Exxon—now ExxonMobil—may have conducted extensive research on climate change as early as 1977, leading top Exxon scientists to conclude both that climate change is real and that it was caused, in part, by the carbon pol-lution resulting from the use of Exxon’s petroleum-based products. In addition, the purported internal busi-ness memoranda accompanying the re-porting asserted that Exxon’s climate science program was launched in re-sponse to a perceived existential threat 
to its business model. In other words, the scientists at ExxonMobil, who are scientists, discovered the truth, and upon hearing the truth, ExxonMobil poured millions of dollars into organi-zations whose main function was to deny the reality of climate change. 
The efforts to transform our energy 
system are taking place not only here in Washington, the Nation’s Capital, but at the State and local level as well. In States such as Arizona and Florida, roadblocks are being put up to stop people from gaining access to renew-able energy sources such as wind and especially rooftop solar. In States such as Arizona and Florida and many of our Southern States with huge solar exposure, there is huge potential for solar. Yet we are now seeing politi-cians, at the behest of the fossil fuel in-dustry, put up roadblock after road-block to make it harder for people to move to solar or wind. 
I have heard a lot of the arguments 
from the fossil fuel industry as to why we should not transform our energy system, and many of those arguments are repeated here on the floor by some of my colleagues. But the truth is that it turns out that transforming our en-ergy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy will create a significant number of new and decent-paying jobs, and it will lower energy bills in communities all across this country. 
My own State of Vermont partici-
pates in a regional greenhouse gas ini-tiative cap-and-trade program for the power sector. Since 2009, the program has created over 14,000 net jobs, and carbon pollution levels dropped by 15 percent at the same time consumers, businesses, and other energy users saw their electricity and heating bills go down by $459 million. The majority of those savings came from energy effi-ciency. All the while, jobs were cre-ated, not exported, and we relied on clean domestic energy instead of oil from the Middle East. 
Energy efficiency clearly makes an 
enormous amount of sense. It is clearly the low-hanging fruit as we transform our energy system. 
I have been in homes in Vermont 
that have been effectively weatherized, and they are seeing heating bills drop by 50 percent. People in those homes are living in more comfort, and jobs are being created by those people who install the insulation and other energy- efficient tools, not to mention all of the folks who are manufacturing the insulation, windows, and efficient roof-ing. 
According to the American Council 
for an Energy-Efficient Economy, en-ergy efficiency provides a larger return on investment than any individual en-ergy source because for every $1 in-vested in energy efficiency, we see $4 in total benefits for all consumers. For every $1 billion invested in efficiency upgrades, we see a creation of 19,000 di-rect and indirect jobs. These numbers are great and speak 
for themselves, but acting on climate change is also a moral obligation. While we will all suffer—all over our country and all over the world—the im-pacts of climate change, the sad truth is that climate impacts fall especially hard upon the most vulnerable people in our society. Minority and low-in-come communities in the United States are disproportionately impacted by the causes of climate change. Ac-cording to a 2012 study by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the NAACP, the nearly 6 million people in the United States who live within 3 miles of a coal-burn-ing powerplant have an average per capita annual income of just over $18,000 a year. Among the people who live within 3 miles of a coal power-plant, 39 percent are people of color, while people of color compromise only 36 percent of the total population of the United States. 
The bottom line is that when we talk 
about climate change and its impact upon our planet and all the people, we should bear in mind that this is hap-pening not only in the United States but all over the world. The people who will suffer the most are low-income people and people living in poverty. 
I am introducing legislation called 
the American Clean Energy Investment Act of 2015. This legislation is built upon the fact that the prices for wind and solar power have plummeted over the last decade, cutting carbon pollu-tion and creating tens of thousands of new jobs in the process. Meanwhile, the fossil fuel industry benefits from per-manent subsidies worth tens of billions of dollars each year. Incentives for re-newable energy and energy efficiency are temporary and are too often al-lowed to elapse entirely. 
My legislation permanently extends 
and makes refundable some of our most important renewable energy tax credits for energy efficiency and sustainable energy, including sources such as solar, wind, and geothermal. Permanently ex-tending these incentives will drive over $500 billion in clean energy invest-ments between now and 2030 and are an integral part of putting us on a path-way to more than doubling the size of our clean energy workforce to 10 mil-lion American workers. The costs for these incentives are completely offset by repealing the special interest cor-porate welfare in the Tax Code for the fossil fuel industries. 
If we are going to be serious about 
dealing with the threat of climate change, we need to end the polluter welfare that subsidizes increased pollu-tion from fossil fuels and instead invest those resources in clean energy solu-tions that reduce pollution. Doing this will save lives, protect our economy, and reduce the threats from climate change at the same time we are cre-ating millions of good-paying jobs here in the United States. 
Our legislation is supported by the 
Solar Energy Industries Association, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.031 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8609 December 10, 2015 
the American Wind Energy Associa-
tion, 350.org, and cosponsored by Sen-ators M
ERKLEY and M ARKEY . 
We have a national responsibility to 
protect the livelihoods of the working families and communities who help power and build this country. We must act now to reenergize our manufac-turing base, bolster our clean energy economy, and protect the livelihoods of energy workers and the communities they support. 
As a result of these concerns, this 
bill provides up to 3 years of unemploy-ment insurance, health care, and pen-sions for workers who lose their jobs due to our transition to a clean energy economy. In other words, we under-stand—as was very much the case with our moving away from tobacco farming in this country—that the people who do the work in coal, oil, and other fos-sil fuels are not to blame for the fact that the product they produce is caus-ing so many problems in our country. Our job is to protect and transition them to other decent-paying jobs, and 
the government has a responsibility to help with that transition. 
Based on what the scientists are tell-
ing us, we need to make very signifi-cant cuts in carbon pollution emissions and we need to do it as soon as pos-sible. It is absolutely vital that we do what many economists tell us we must do, and that is to put a price on carbon. It is the simplest and most direct way to make the kinds of cuts in carbon pollution that we have to make if we are going to successfully transition from fossil fuel to energy efficiency and sustainable energy. That is why within the Climate Protection and Jus-tice Act that I am introducing, there will be a tax on carbon. Directly pric-ing carbon is a key part of the solution of transforming our energy system. Many experts support a fee on carbon pollution emissions, including liberal, moderates, and even prominent con-servatives such as George Shultz, Nobel laureate economist Gary Becker, Mitt Romney’s former adviser Gregory Mankiw, former Reagan adviser Art Laffer, former Republican Bob Inglis, and many others. The idea of a price on carbon is not just a progressive con-cept, it is one that is being supported by economists throughout the political spectrum. 
The Nation’s leading corporations, 
including the Nation’s five biggest oil giants, are already planning their fu-ture budgets with the assumptions that there will be a cost applied to carbon emissions. In other words, some of the very companies that have strongly op-posed action to address climate change are recognizing the reality in front of them, and that is that the United States is going to—hopefully sooner rather than later—address the crisis of climate change and that there will be a tax on carbon. This tax works by set-ting enforceable pollution-reduction targets for each decade, including a 40- percent reduction below 1990 levels by 2030 and a more than 80-percent reduc-tion level by 2050. This legislation sets a price on car-
bon pollution for fossil fuel producers or importers. Proceeds from the carbon pollution fee are returned to the bot-tom 80 percent of households making less than $100,000 a year to offset them for any increase they might experience in increased energy costs as a result of this transition. For an average family of four, this will amount to a rebate of roughly $900 in 2017 and will grow to an annual rebate of $1,900 in 2030. It would only apply upstream, meaning at the oil refinery, coal mine, natural gas processing plant, or point of importa-tion. It would apply to fewer than 3,000 of the largest fossil fuel polluters in this country. 
EPA’s existing authority to regulate 
carbon pollution, sources from power-plants, vehicles, and other sources is reaffirmed, and if the United States is not on track to meet its emissions re-duction targets, the EPA shall issue new regulations to ensure that it does. 
Importantly, based on lessons 
learned from the cap-and-trade law in California, a Federal interagency coun-cil will oversee the creation and dis-tribution of a climate justice resiliency fund block grant program to States, territories, tribes, municipalities, counties, localities, and nonprofit com-munity organizations. The council will provide $20 billion annually for these grants in communities that are vulner-able to the impacts of climate change for important programs they are run-ning. 
This legislation strengthens our 
manufacturing sector through a border tariff adjustment mechanism which shields energy-intensive, trade-exposed industries such as steel, aluminum, glass, pulp and paper, from unfair international trade policies. The mon-ies raised by the green tariff are used to help improve industrial energy effi-ciency. 
Farmers receive dedicated funding 
through the USDA’s Rural Energy for America Program to improve on farm energy efficiency and to adopt onsite renewable energy. The bill includes in-centives for farmers to adopt no-till practices and creates an incentive pro-gram to encourage the adoption of sus-tainable fertilizer application prac-tices. 
Finally, the bill includes Federal 
electricity market reforms that reduce pollution, increase efficiency, and re-duce costs by ensuring equitable grid access for demand response programs. 
At the end of the day, the Congress of 
the United States is going to have to make some very important and funda-mental decisions, and the most impor-tant is whether we believe in science. We can have many disagreements on many issues, but we should not have a disagreement about whether we base public policy on science rather than campaign contributions. That really is the issue we are dealing with right now. 
We are in a critical moment in world 
history. Our planet is becoming warm-er, sea levels are rising, and commu-
nities all over the world that are on seacoasts are being threatened. The ocean is being acidified to an unprece-dented level, which has huge impacts in so many areas, including the ability of people to fish and gain nutrients from the ocean. 
We are looking at unprecedented lev-
els of heat waves in India, Pakistan, and Europe that have killed thousands 
of people. We are looking at forest fires on the west coast of that country that are unprecedented in terms of their du-ration and their ferocity. 
So we have to make a decision about 
whether we stand with our children and our grandchildren or whether we stand with campaign contributors from the fossil fuel industry. 
Climate change is real. Climate 
change is caused by human activity. Climate change is already causing dev-astating damage on this planet. Our job is now to stand with our children, to stand with our grandchildren, and to make certain that they have a planet that is healthy and that is habitable. That is what the legislation I am intro-ducing will do. 
By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 2397. A bill to amend the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to States that extend or eliminate unex-pired statutes of limitation applicable to laws involving child sexual abuse; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2397 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION AND 
TREATMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Child Abuse Preven-
tion and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘TITLE III—GRANTS FOR THE 
PREVENTION OF CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE 
‘‘SEC. 301. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds that— ‘‘(1) child sexual abuse is a pernicious 
crime perpetrated through threats of vio-lence, intimidation, manipulation, and abuse of power; 
‘‘(2) due to the subversive nature of this 
crime, the average age of disclosure of inces-tuous child sexual abuse does not occur until a victim is over 25 years old; 
‘‘(3) because many State statutes of limita-
tions applicable to laws involving child sex-ual abuse fail to give victims adequate time to come forward and report their abuse, nu-merous victims are unable to seek fair and just remediation against their abusers; and 
‘‘(4) due to the especially heinous nature of 
child sexual abuse, it is imperative that per-petrators of this crime are punished, pre-vented from reoffending, and victims have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.032 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8610 December 10, 2015 
the opportunity to see their abusers brought 
to justice. 
‘‘SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title— ‘‘(1) the term ‘eligible State’ means a State 
or Indian tribe that, not later than Sep-tember 30 of the preceding fiscal year does not have any statute of limitations applica-ble to laws involving child sexual abuse; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘Indian tribe’ means a tribe 
identified in the list published by the Sec-retary of the Interior in the Federal Register pursuant to section 104 of the Federally Rec-ognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a–1). 
‘‘SEC. 303. GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the 
Attorney General, is authorized to make grants to eligible States for the purpose of assisting eligible States in developing, estab-lishing, and operating programs designed to improve— 
‘‘(1) the assessment and investigation of 
suspected child sexual abuse cases, in a man-ner that limits additional trauma to the child and the family of the child; 
‘‘(2) the investigation and prosecution of 
cases of child sexual abuse; and 
‘‘(3) the assessment and investigation of 
cases involving children with disabilities or serious health-related problems who are sus-pected victims of child sexual abuse. 
‘‘SEC. 304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this title $40,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to any violation of a law involving child sexual abuse committed before the date of the en-actment of this Act if the statute of limita-tions applicable to that law had not run as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 333—TO DI-
RECT THE SENATE LEGAL COUN-SEL TO APPEAR AS AMICUS CU-RIAE IN THE NAME OF THE SEN-ATE IN BANK MARKAZI, THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRAN V. DEBORAH D. PETERSON, ET AL. (S. CT.) 
Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. R EIDof Nevada) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 333 
Whereas, in the case of Bank Markazi, The 
Central Bank of Iran v. Deborah D. Peterson, et al., No. 14–770, pending in the Supreme Court 
of the United States, the constitutionality of section 502 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, Pub. L. No. 112–158, 126 Stat. 1214, 1258 (2012), codified at 22 U.S.C. §8772, has been placed in issue; 
Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(c), 706(a), 
and 713(a) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. 288b(c), 288e(a), and 288 l(a), 
the Senate may direct its counsel to appear as amicus curiae in the name of the Senate in any legal action in which the powers and responsibilities of Congress under the Con-stitution are placed in issue: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate Legal Counsel is 
directed to appear as amicus curiae on behalf of the Senate in the case of Bank Markazi, 
The Central Bank of Iran v. Deborah D. Peter-son, et al. , to defend the constitutionality of 
section 502 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2922. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 2250, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
SA 2923. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 2250, supra. 
SA 2924. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. N ELSON  
(for himself and Ms. A YOTTE )) proposed an 
amendment to the bill S. 142, to require spe-cial packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes. 
SA 2925. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. N ELSON  
(for himself and Ms. A YOTTE )) proposed an 
amendment to the bill S. 142, supra. 
SA 2926. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. C ORNYN )) pro-
posed an amendment to the bill S. 993, to in-crease public safety by facilitating collabo-ration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse sys-tems. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2922. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the bill H.R. 2250, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
That the Continuing Appropriations Act, 
2016 (Public Law 114-53) is amended by strik-ing the date specified in section 106(3) and in-serting ‘‘December 16, 2015’’. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Further 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SA 2923. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the bill H.R. 2250, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
To amend the title to read: 
‘‘Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 
2016’’. 
SA 2924. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
NELSON (for himself and Ms. A YOTTE )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 142, to require special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Nico-
tine Poisoning Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL PACKAGING FOR LIQUID NICO-
TINE CONTAINERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Sub-stances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)) and section 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)), any nicotine provided in a liquid nicotine container sold, offered for sale, manufactured for sale, distributed in commerce, or imported into the United States shall be packaged in accordance with the standards provided in section 1700.15 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations, as de-termined through testing in accordance with the method described in section 1700.20 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations, and any subsequent changes to such sections adopted by the Commission. 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act shall 
be construed to limit or otherwise affect the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to regulate, issue guidance, or take action regarding the manufacture, marketing, sale, distribution, importation, or packaging, including child-resistant pack-aging, of nicotine, liquid nicotine, liquid nic-otine containers, electronic cigarettes, elec-tronic nicotine delivery systems or other similar products that contain or dispense liq-uid nicotine, or any other nicotine-related products, including— 
(A) authority under the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) and the Family Smoking Prevention and To-bacco Control Act (Public Law 111–31) and the amendments made by such Act; and 
(B) authority for the rulemaking entitled 
‘‘Deeming Tobacco Products to Be Subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as Amended by the Family Smoking Preven-tion and Tobacco Control Act; regulations on the Sale and Distribution of Tobacco Prod-ucts and the Required Warning Statements for Tobacco Products’’ (April 2014) (FDA– 2014–N–0189), the rulemaking entitled ‘‘Nico-
tine Exposure Warnings and Child-Resistant Packaging for Liquid Nicotine, Nicotine- Containing E-Liquid(s), and Other Tobacco Products’’ (June 2015) (FDA–2015–N–1514), and subsequent actions by the Secretary regard-ing packaging of liquid nicotine containers. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—If the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services adopts, main-tains, enforces, or imposes or continues in ef-fect any packaging requirement for liquid nicotine containers, including a child-resist-ant packaging requirement, the Secretary shall consult with the Commission, taking into consideration the expertise of the Com-mission in implementing and enforcing this Act and the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1471 et seq.). 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)) and section 2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Substances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)), the requirement of sub-section (a) shall be treated as a standard for the special packaging of a household sub-stance established under section 3(a) of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1472(a)). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission. 
(2) L
IQUID NICOTINE CONTAINER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Substances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)) and section 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)), the term ‘‘liquid nicotine con-tainer’’ means a package (as defined in sec-tion 2 of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1471))— 
(i) from which nicotine in a solution or 
other form is accessible through normal and foreseeable use by a consumer; and 
(ii) that is used to hold soluble nicotine in 
any concentration. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘liquid nicotine 
container’’ does not include a sealed, pre- filled, and disposable container of nicotine in a solution or other form in which such con-tainer is inserted directly into an electronic cigarette, electronic nicotine delivery sys-tem, or other similar product, if the nicotine in the container is inaccessible through cus-tomary or reasonably foreseeable handling or use, including reasonably foreseeable in-gestion or other contact by children. 
(3) N
ICOTINE .—The term ‘‘nicotine’’ means 
any form of the chemical nicotine, including any salt or complex, regardless of whether the chemical is naturally or synthetically derived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.027 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8611 December 10, 2015 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall take effect on the date that 
is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2925. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
NELSON (for himself and Ms. A YOTTE )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 142, to require special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to re-
quire special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes.’’. 
SA 2926. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. C ORNYN )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 993, to increase public safety by facili-tating collaboration among the crimi-nal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse sys-tems; as follows: 
On page 26, line 24, strike ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$18,000,000’’. 
On page 27, line 2, strike ‘‘20 percent’’ and 
insert ‘‘28 percent’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 10, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Inde-pendent South Sudan: A Failure of Leadership.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on December 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet 
during the session of the Senate on De-cember 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Implementing Solu-tions: The Importance of Following Through on GAO and OIG Rec-ommendations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The majority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar Nos. 397 through 414 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, Foreign Service, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be 
immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment to the grade of lieutenant general in the United States Marine Corps while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. John E. Wissler 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as the Chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery and Surgeon General and for ap-pointment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sec-tions 601 and 5137: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. Clinton F. Faison, III 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as The Surgeon General, United States Army, and for appointment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 3036: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Nadja Y. West 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Edward E. Hildreth, III 
The following named officers for appoint-
ment to the grade indicated in the United States Army under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Colonel Jennifer G. Buckner 
Colonel Sean A. Gainey Colonel David T. Isaacson 
Colonel Patrick B. Roberson 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Blake A. Gettys 
Col. Karen E. Mansfield 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Todd M. Branden 
Col. Mark A. Crosby Col. Fermin A Rubio 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. David M. Bakos 
Col. Vance C. Bateman Col. Sandra L. Best Col. Jeffrey C. Bozard Col. William D. Bunch Col. Rafael Carrero Col. Larry K. Clark Col. Kevin D. Clotfelter Col. Marshall C. Collins Col. James N. Cox Col. Jason R. Cripps Col. Christopher S. Croxton Col. Francis N. Detorie Col. Ruben Fernandez-Vera Col. John T. Ferry Col. John E. Flowers Col. Michael J. Francis Col. Vincent R. Franklin Col. Clay L. Garrison Col. Kevin J. Heer Col. Dana A. Hessheimer Col. Gene W. Hughes, Jr. Col. James T. Johnson Col. Gregory F. Jones Col. Marshall L. Kjelvik Col. James R. Kriesel Col. Ronald S. Lambe Col. Andrew J. MacDonald Col. Stephen J. Maher Col. Matthew J. Manifold Col. Maren McAvoy Col. Gregory S. McCreary Col. Stephen B. Mehring Col. Jessica Meyeraan Col. Billy M. Nabors Col. Jeffrey L. Newton Col. Peter Nezamis Col. Patrick R. Renwick Col. Stephen M. Ryan Col. Peter R. Schneider Col. Gregory N. Schnulo Col. Greg A. Semmel Col. Ray M. Shepard Col. Marc A. Sicard Col. Paul R. Silvestri Col. Christopher A. Stratmann Col. Peter F. Sullivan, Jr. Col. Tami S. Thompson Col. Joseph B. Wilson Col. Gregory S. Woodrow 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Edward P. Maxwell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.032 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8612 December 10, 2015 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Robert C. Bolton 
Brig. Gen. Charles W. Chappuis, Jr. Brig. Gen. Dawne L. Deskins Brig. Gen. Timothy L. Frye Brig. Gen. Paul D. Jacobs Brig. Gen. Mark E. Jannitto Brig. Gen. Ronald W. Solberg Brig. Gen. James K. Vogel Brig. Gen. William L. Welsh Brig. Gen. Wayne A. Zimmet 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. John D. Bansemer 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Russell A. Muncy 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Patricia N. Beyer 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Christopher W. Lentz 
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Lee Ann T. Bennett 
Col. Richard M. Casto Col. Jonathan M. Ellis Col. James J. Fontanella Col. John P. Healy Col. Daniel J. Heires Col. Robert A. Huston Col. William R Kountz, Jr. Col. Albert V. Lupenski Col. Tyler D. Otten Col. Russell P. Reimer Col. Harold E. Rogers, Jr. Col. Tracey A. Siems 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment to the grade indicated in the United States Army under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. John C. Thomson, III 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Sylvia R. Crockett 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Kenneth T. Bibb, Jr. 
Col. Angela M. Cadwell Col. Martin A. Chapin 
Col. James R. Cluff Col. Charles S. Corcoran Col. Sean M. Farrell Col. Chad P. Franks Col. Alexus G. Grynkewich Col. Timothy D. Haugh Col. Christopher D. Hill Col. Eric T. Hill Col. Samuel C. Hinote Col. William G. Holt, II Col. Linda S. Hurry Col. Matthew C. Isler Col. Kyle J. Kremer Col. John C. Kubinec Col. Douglas K. Lamberth Col. Lance K. Landrum Col. Jeannie M. Leavitt Col. William J. Liguori, Jr. Col. Michael J. Lutton Col. Corey J. Martin Col. Tom D. Miller Col. Richard G. Moore, Jr. Col. James D. Peccia, III Col. Heather L. Pringle Col. Michael J. Schmidt Col. James R. Sears, Jr. Col. Daniel L. Simpson Col. Mark H. Slocum Col. Robert S. Spalding, III Col. William A. Spangenthal Col. Edward W. Thomas Jr Col. John T. Wilcox, II Col. Michael P. Winkler 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN970 AIR FORCE nominations (105) begin-
ning BRYAN K. ALLEN, and ending GARRICK H. YOKOE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
PN971 ARMY nomination of James D. Fer-
guson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
PN972 ARMY nominations (8) beginning 
KELVIN L. BROWN, and ending PAUL L. WAGNER, II, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN973 ARMY nominations (3) beginning 
DAESOO LEE, and ending BRIAN D. RAY, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN974 ARMY nomination of Wayne W. 
Santos, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN975 ARMY nomination of Anthony J. 
Fadell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
PN976 ARMY nomination of Ricardo 
Alonsojournet, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN977 ARMY nomination of Jeffrey M. 
Sloan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
PN978 ARMY nominations (2) beginning 
ANDREW C. DILLON, and ending ANDRE R. HOLDER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN979 ARMY nomination of Rebecca R. 
Tomsyck, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN980 ARMY nomination of Everett S. P. 
Spain, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. PN981 ARMY nomination of Shane R. 
Reeves, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN982 ARMY nominations (5) beginning 
DAVID E. BENTZEL, and ending BRIAN U. T. KIM, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN983 ARMY nominations (4) beginning 
TERESA L. BRININGER, and ending RICH-ARD A. VILLARREAL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN984 ARMY nominations (39) beginning 
KEVIN R. BASS, and ending D003940, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
PN985 ARMY nominations (19) beginning 
KIMBERLIE A. BIEVER, and ending PAM-ELA M. WULF, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN986 ARMY nominations (9) beginning 
DAVID BARRETT, and ending JENNIFER S. ZUCKER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN987 ARMY nominations (2) beginning 
DAVID W. LAWS, and ending JOHN E. SWANBERG, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN988 ARMY nomination of William A. 
Altmire, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN989 ARMY nomination of Jesus J. T. 
Nufable, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN990 ARMY nominations (6) beginning 
RUBEN BERMUDEZPAGAN, and ending TODD W. SCHAFFER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN991 ARMY nomination of Joshua A. Car-
lisle, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
PN992 ARMY nomination of William C. 
Moorhouse, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN993 ARMY nomination of Gregg T. 
Olsowy, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN994 ARMY nomination of Roger S. Gi-
raud, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
PN995 ARMY nomination of Steven M. 
Wilke, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
PN997 COAST GUARD nominations (3) be-
ginning CORINNA M. FLEISCHMANN, and ending KIMBERLY C. YOUNG-MCLEAR, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN998 COAST GUARD nominations (247) 
beginning MICHAEL S. ADAMS, JR., and ending JAMES R. ZOLL, JR., which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
PN999 COAST GUARD nominations (173) 
beginning JASON C. ALEKSAK, and ending YAMASHEKA Z. YOUNG-MCLEAR, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.038 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8613 December 10, 2015 
IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  
PN72–5 FOREIGN SERVICE nomination of 
Daniel Sylvester Cronin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 13, 2015. 
PN877–2 FOREIGN SERVICE nomination of 
Derell Kennedo, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 21, 2015. 
PN939 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations 
(119) beginning Steven Carl Aaberg, and end-ing Sandra M. Zuniga Guzman, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 10, 2015. 
PN951–1 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations 
(3) beginning James F. Entwistle, and ending Daniel R. Russel, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
PN954 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations 
(102) beginning Christopher Volciak, and end-ing Edward L. Robinson, III, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 19, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
PN996 NAVY nomination of Kenneth C. 
Collins, II, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. 
f 
NOMINATION DISCHARGED AND 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee be discharged from consideration of PN714 and the Senate proceed to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: PN714, Calendar Nos. 385, 392, and 426. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomina-
tions en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Richard Capel Howorth, of Mississippi, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2020; Cherry Ann Mur-ray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Of-fice of Science, Department of Energy; Eric Drake Eberhard, of Washington, to be a Member of the Board of Trust-ees of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation for a term expir-ing October 6, 2018; and Darryl L. DePriest, of Illinois, to be Chief Coun-sel for Advocacy, Small Business Ad-ministration. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nominations en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate on the nominations en bloc? 
If not, the question is, Will the Sen-
ate advise and consent to the Howorth, Murray, Eberhard, and DePriest nomi-nations en bloc? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order to the nomi-nations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the 
R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that on Mon-day, December 14, at 5 p.m., the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar Nos. 393 through 396; that there be 30 minutes for debate on the Starzak nomination equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yield-ing back of time, the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or de-bate on the nominations in the order listed; that following disposition of the nominations, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to any of the nominations; that any statements related to the nomina-tions be printed in the Record; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CHILD NICOTINE POISONING 
PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 35, S. 142. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 142) to require the Consumer 
Product Safety Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liq-uid nicotine containers, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 142 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Nicotine 
Poisoning Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CHILD SAFETY PACKAGING FOR LIQUID 
NICOTINE CONTAINERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion. 
(2) L
IQUID NICOTINE CONTAINER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘liquid nicotine 
container’’ means a consumer product, as de-fined in section 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)) notwith-
standing subparagraph (B) of such section, that consists of a container that— 
(i) has an opening from which nicotine in a 
solution or other form is accessible and can flow freely through normal and foreseeable use by a consumer; and 
(ii) is used to hold soluble nicotine in any con-
centration. 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘liquid nicotine 
container’’ does not include nicotine in a solu-tion or other form in a sealed, pre-filled, dispos-able container inserted directly into an elec-tronic cigarette or other similar device, so long as the nicotine in the container is inaccessible or cannot flow freely out of such container or elec-tronic cigarette or other similar device through normal and foreseeable use by a consumer. 
(3) N
ICOTINE .—The term ‘‘nicotine’’ means 
any form of the chemical nicotine, including any salt or complex, regardless of whether the chemical is naturally or synthetically derived. 
(4) S
PECIAL PACKAGING .—The term ‘‘special 
packaging’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2 of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1471). 
(b) R
EQUIRED USE OF SPECIAL PACKAGING FOR  
LIQUID NICOTINE CONTAINERS .— 
(1) R ULEMAKING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
3(a)(5)(B) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)(B)) or section 2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Substances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall promulgate a rule requiring special packaging for liquid nicotine containers. 
(B) A
MENDMENTS .—The Commission may pro-
mulgate such amendments to the rule promul-gated under subparagraph (A) as the Commis-sion considers appropriate. 
(2) E
XPEDITED PROCESS .—The Commission 
shall promulgate the rule under paragraph (1) in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code. 
(3) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN RULEMAKING  
REQUIREMENTS .—The following provisions shall 
not apply to a rulemaking under paragraph (1): 
(A) Sections 7 and 9 of the Consumer Product 
Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2056 and 2058). 
(B) Section 3 of the Federal Hazardous Sub-
stances Act (15 U.S.C. 1262). 
(C) Subsections (b) and (c) of section 3 of the 
Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1472). 
(4) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit or diminish the au-thority of the Food and Drug Administration to regulate the manufacture, marketing, sale, or distribution of liquid nicotine, liquid nicotine containers, electronic cigarettes, or similar prod-ucts that contain or dispense liquid nicotine. 
(5) E
NFORCEMENT .—A rule promulgated under 
paragraph (1) shall be treated as a standard ap-plicable to a household substance established under section 3(a) of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1472(a)). 
(c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report detailing the rule and require-ments promulgated under this Act and any en-forcement actions taken thereunder. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute be with-drawn; that the Nelson substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read three times and passed; that the amendment to the title be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.040 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8614 December 10, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported substitute 
amendment was withdrawn. 
The amendment (No. 2924) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Nico-
tine Poisoning Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL PACKAGING FOR LIQUID NICO-
TINE CONTAINERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Sub-stances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)) and section 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)), any nicotine provided in a liquid nicotine container sold, offered for sale, manufactured for sale, distributed in commerce, or imported into the United States shall be packaged in accordance with the standards provided in section 1700.15 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations, as de-termined through testing in accordance with the method described in section 1700.20 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations, and any subsequent changes to such sections adopted by the Commission. 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act shall 
be construed to limit or otherwise affect the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to regulate, issue guidance, or take action regarding the manufacture, marketing, sale, distribution, importation, or packaging, including child-resistant pack-aging, of nicotine, liquid nicotine, liquid nic-otine containers, electronic cigarettes, elec-tronic nicotine delivery systems or other similar products that contain or dispense liq-uid nicotine, or any other nicotine-related products, including— 
(A) authority under the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) and the Family Smoking Prevention and To-bacco Control Act (Public Law 111–31) and the amendments made by such Act; and 
(B) authority for the rulemaking entitled 
‘‘Deeming Tobacco Products to Be Subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as Amended by the Family Smoking Preven-tion and Tobacco Control Act; regulations on the Sale and Distribution of Tobacco Prod-ucts and the Required Warning Statements for Tobacco Products’’ (April 2014) (FDA– 2014–N–0189), the rulemaking entitled ‘‘Nico-tine Exposure Warnings and Child-Resistant Packaging for Liquid Nicotine, Nicotine- Containing E-Liquid(s), and Other Tobacco Products’’ (June 2015) (FDA–2015–N–1514), and subsequent actions by the Secretary regard-ing packaging of liquid nicotine containers. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—If the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services adopts, main-tains, enforces, or imposes or continues in ef-fect any packaging requirement for liquid nicotine containers, including a child-resist-ant packaging requirement, the Secretary shall consult with the Commission, taking into consideration the expertise of the Com-mission in implementing and enforcing this Act and the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1471 et seq.). 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)) and section 2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Substances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)), the requirement of sub-section (a) shall be treated as a standard for the special packaging of a household sub-stance established under section 3(a) of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1472(a)). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission. 
(2) L
IQUID NICOTINE CONTAINER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Substances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)) and section 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)), the term ‘‘liquid nicotine con-tainer’’ means a package (as defined in sec-tion 2 of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1471))— 
(i) from which nicotine in a solution or 
other form is accessible through normal and foreseeable use by a consumer; and 
(ii) that is used to hold soluble nicotine in 
any concentration. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘liquid nicotine 
container’’ does not include a sealed, pre- filled, and disposable container of nicotine in a solution or other form in which such con-tainer is inserted directly into an electronic cigarette, electronic nicotine delivery sys-tem, or other similar product, if the nicotine in the container is inaccessible through cus-tomary or reasonably foreseeable handling or use, including reasonably foreseeable in-gestion or other contact by children. 
(3) N
ICOTINE .—The term ‘‘nicotine’’ means 
any form of the chemical nicotine, including any salt or complex, regardless of whether the chemical is naturally or synthetically derived. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall take effect on the date that 
is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The bill (S. 142), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
The amendment (No. 2925) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to re-
quire special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE JUSTICE AND 
MENTAL HEALTH ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 62, S. 993. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 993) to increase public safety by 
facilitating collaboration among the crimi-nal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treat-ment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask 
unanimous consent that the Franken amendment be agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2926) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the authorization of 
appropriations) 
On page 26, line 24, strike ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$18,000,000’’. 
On page 27, line 2, strike ‘‘20 percent’’ and 
insert ‘‘28 percent’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate pro-ceed to vote on passage of the bill, as 
amended. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
The bill (S. 993), as amended, was 
passed, as follows: 
S. 993 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehen-
sive Justice and Mental Health Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. Findings. Sec. 4. Sequential intercept model. Sec. 5. Veterans treatment courts. Sec. 6. Prison and jails. Sec. 7. Allowable uses. Sec. 8. Law enforcement training. Sec. 9. Federal law enforcement training. Sec. 10. GAO report. Sec. 11. Evidence based practices. Sec. 12. Transparency, program account-
ability, and enhancement of local authority. 
Sec. 13. Grant accountability. Sec. 14. Reauthorization of appropriations. 
SEC. 3. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) An estimated 2,000,000 individuals with 
serious mental illnesses are booked into jails each year, resulting in prevalence rates of serious mental illness in jails that are 3 to 6 times higher than in the general population. An even greater number of individuals who are detained in jails each year have mental health problems that do not rise to the level of a serious mental illness but may still re-quire a resource-intensive response. 
(2) Adults with mental illnesses cycle 
through jails more often than individuals without mental illnesses, and tend to stay longer (including before trial, during trial, and after sentencing). 
(3) According to estimates, almost 
3⁄4of jail 
detainees with serious mental illnesses have co-occurring substance use disorders, and in-dividuals with mental illnesses are also much more likely to have serious physical health needs. 
(4) Among individuals under probation su-
pervision, individuals with mental disorders are nearly twice as likely as other individ-uals to have their community sentence re-voked, furthering their involvement in the criminal justice system. Reasons for revoca-tion may be directly or indirectly related to an individual’s mental disorder. 
SEC. 4. SEQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MODEL. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 2991 of the 
Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by redes-ignating subsection (i) as subsection (n). 
(b) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MODEL .—Section 
2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following: 
‘‘(i) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means a State, unit of local government, Indian tribe, or tribal or-ganization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.071 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8615 December 10, 2015 
‘‘(2) A UTHORIZATION .—The Attorney Gen-
eral may make grants under this subsection to an eligible entity for sequential intercept mapping and implementation in accordance with paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MAPPING ; IM-
PLEMENTATION .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this subsection may use funds for— 
‘‘(A) sequential intercept mapping, which— ‘‘(i) shall consist of— ‘‘(I) convening mental health and criminal 
justice stakeholders to— 
‘‘(aa) develop a shared understanding of 
the flow of justice-involved individuals with mental illnesses through the criminal justice system; and 
‘‘(bb) identify opportunities for improved 
collaborative responses to the risks and needs of individuals described in item (aa); and 
‘‘(II) developing strategies to address gaps 
in services and bring innovative and effec-tive programs to scale along multiple inter-cepts, including— 
‘‘(aa) emergency and crisis services; ‘‘(bb) specialized police-based responses; ‘‘(cc) court hearings and disposition alter-
natives; 
‘‘(dd) reentry from jails and prisons; and ‘‘(ee) community supervision, treatment 
and support services; and 
‘‘(ii) may serve as a starting point for the 
development of strategic plans to achieve positive public health and safety outcomes; and 
‘‘(B) implementation, which shall— ‘‘(i) be derived from the strategic plans de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii); and 
‘‘(ii) consist of— ‘‘(I) hiring and training personnel; ‘‘(II) identifying the eligible entity’s target 
population; 
‘‘(III) providing services and supports to re-
duce unnecessary penetration into the crimi-nal justice system; 
‘‘(IV) reducing recidivism; ‘‘(V) evaluating the impact of the eligible 
entity’s approach; and 
‘‘(VI) planning for the sustainability of ef-
fective interventions.’’. 
SEC. 5. VETERANS TREATMENT COURTS. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (i), as so added by section 4, the following: 
‘‘(j) A
SSISTING VETERANS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) P EER TO PEER SERVICES OR PRO -
GRAMS .—The term ‘peer to peer services or 
programs’ means services or programs that connect qualified veterans with other vet-erans for the purpose of providing support and mentorship to assist qualified veterans in obtaining treatment, recovery, stabiliza-tion, or rehabilitation. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED VETERAN .—The term ‘quali-
fied veteran’ means a preliminarily qualified offender who— 
‘‘(i) served on active duty in any branch of 
the Armed Forces, including the National Guard or Reserves; and 
‘‘(ii) was discharged or released from such 
service under conditions other than dishon-orable. 
‘‘(C) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘veterans treatment court 
program’ means a court program involving collaboration among criminal justice, vet-erans, and mental health and substance abuse agencies that provides qualified vet-erans with— 
‘‘(i) intensive judicial supervision and case 
management, which may include random and frequent drug testing where appropriate; 
‘‘(ii) a full continuum of treatment serv-
ices, including mental health services, sub-stance abuse services, medical services, and 
services to address trauma; 
‘‘(iii) alternatives to incarceration; and ‘‘(iv) other appropriate services, including 
housing, transportation, mentoring, employ-ment, job training, education, and assistance in applying for and obtaining available bene-fits. 
‘‘(2) V
ETERANS ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, may award grants under this subsection to applicants to establish or ex-pand— 
‘‘(i) veterans treatment court programs; ‘‘(ii) peer to peer services or programs for 
qualified veterans; 
‘‘(iii) practices that identify and provide 
treatment, rehabilitation, legal, transi-tional, and other appropriate services to qualified veterans who have been incarcer-ated; and 
‘‘(iv) training programs to teach criminal 
justice, law enforcement, corrections, men-tal health, and substance abuse personnel how to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving qualified veterans. 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Attorney General shall give priority to applications that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrate collaboration between 
and joint investments by criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, and vet-erans service agencies; 
‘‘(ii) promote effective strategies to iden-
tify and reduce the risk of harm to qualified veterans and public safety; and 
‘‘(iii) propose interventions with empirical 
support to improve outcomes for qualified veterans.’’. 
SEC. 6. PRISON AND JAILS. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (j), as so added by section 5, the following: 
‘‘(k) C
ORRECTIONAL FACILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .— 
‘‘(A) C ORRECTIONAL FACILITY .—The term 
‘correctional facility’ means a jail, prison, or other detention facility used to house people who have been arrested, detained, held, or convicted by a criminal justice agency or a court. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE INMATE .—The term ‘eligible 
inmate’ means an individual who— 
‘‘(i) is being held, detained, or incarcerated 
in a correctional facility; and 
‘‘(ii) manifests obvious signs of a mental 
illness or has been diagnosed by a qualified mental health professional as having a men-tal illness. 
‘‘(2) C
ORRECTIONAL FACILITY GRANTS .—The 
Attorney General may award grants to appli-cants to enhance the capabilities of a correc-tional facility— 
‘‘(A) to identify and screen for eligible in-
mates; 
‘‘(B) to plan and provide— ‘‘(i) initial and periodic assessments of the 
clinical, medical, and social needs of in-mates; and 
‘‘(ii) appropriate treatment and services 
that address the mental health and sub-stance abuse needs of inmates; 
‘‘(C) to develop, implement, and enhance— ‘‘(i) post-release transition plans for eligi-
ble inmates that, in a comprehensive man-ner, coordinate health, housing, medical, employment, and other appropriate services and public benefits; 
‘‘(ii) the availability of mental health care 
services and substance abuse treatment serv-ices; and 
‘‘(iii) alternatives to solitary confinement 
and segregated housing and mental health screening and treatment for inmates placed in solitary confinement or segregated hous-ing; and ‘‘(D) to train each employee of the correc-
tional facility to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving inmates with mental health or co-occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders.’’. 
SEC. 7. ALLOWABLE USES. 
Section 2991(b)(5)(I) of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(b)(5)(I)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(v) T
EAMS ADDRESSING FREQUENT USERS OF  
CRISIS SERVICES .—Multidisciplinary teams 
that— 
‘‘(I) coordinate, implement, and administer 
community-based crisis responses and long- term plans for frequent users of crisis serv-ices; 
‘‘(II) provide training on how to respond 
appropriately to the unique issues involving frequent users of crisis services for public service personnel, including criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, emergency room, healthcare, law enforcement, correc-tions, and housing personnel; 
‘‘(III) develop or support alternatives to 
hospital and jail admissions for frequent users of crisis services that provide treat-ment, stabilization, and other appropriate supports in the least restrictive, yet appro-priate, environment; and 
‘‘(IV) develop protocols and systems among 
law enforcement, mental health, substance abuse, housing, corrections, and emergency medical service operations to provide coordi-nated assistance to frequent users of crisis services.’’. 
SEC. 8. LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING. 
Section 2991(h) of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(h)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(F) A
CADEMY TRAINING .—To provide sup-
port for academy curricula, law enforcement officer orientation programs, continuing education training, and other programs that teach law enforcement personnel how to identify and respond to incidents involving persons with mental health disorders or co- occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—The Attor-
ney General, in awarding grants under this subsection, shall give priority to programs that law enforcement personnel and mem-bers of the mental health and substance abuse professions develop and administer co-operatively.’’. 
SEC. 9. FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Attorney General shall provide direction and guidance for the following: 
(1) T
RAINING PROGRAMS .—Programs that 
offer specialized and comprehensive training, in procedures to identify and appropriately respond to incidents in which the unique needs of individuals who have a mental ill-ness are involved, to first responders and tactical units of— 
(A) Federal law enforcement agencies; and (B) other Federal criminal justice agencies 
such as the Bureau of Prisons, the Adminis-trative Office of the United States Courts, and other agencies that the Attorney Gen-eral determines appropriate. 
(2) I
MPROVED TECHNOLOGY .—The establish-
ment of, or improvement of existing, com-puterized information systems to provide timely information to employees of Federal law enforcement agencies, and Federal criminal justice agencies to improve the re-sponse of such employees to situations in-volving individuals who have a mental ill-ness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.045 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8616 December 10, 2015 
SEC. 10. GAO REPORT. 
No later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States, in coordination with the Attorney General, shall submit to Con-gress a report on— 
(1) the practices that Federal first respond-
ers, tactical units, and corrections officers are trained to use in responding to individ-uals with mental illness; 
(2) procedures to identify and appro-
priately respond to incidents in which the unique needs of individuals who have a men-tal illness are involved, to Federal first re-sponders and tactical units; 
(3) the application of evidence-based prac-
tices in criminal justice settings to better address individuals with mental illnesses; and 
(4) recommendations on how the Depart-
ment of Justice can expand and improve in-formation sharing and dissemination of best practices. 
SEC. 11. EVIDENCE BASED PRACTICES. 
Section 2991(c) of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (6); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) propose interventions that have been 
shown by empirical evidence to reduce re-cidivism; 
‘‘(5) when appropriate, use validated as-
sessment tools to target preliminarily quali-fied offenders with a moderate or high risk of recidivism and a need for treatment and services; or’’. 
SEC. 12. TRANSPARENCY, PROGRAM ACCOUNT-
ABILITY, AND ENHANCEMENT OF LOCAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2991(a) of the Om-
nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (7)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘M
ENTAL  
ILLNESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘M ENTAL ILLNESS ; 
MENTAL HEALTH DISORDER ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘term ‘mental illness’ 
means’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘mental illness’ and ‘mental health disorder’ mean’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(9) P
RELIMINARILY QUALIFIED OFFENDER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘preliminarily 
qualified offender’ means an adult or juve-nile accused of an offense who— 
‘‘(i)(I) previously or currently has been di-
agnosed by a qualified mental health profes-sional as having a mental illness or co-occur-ring mental illness and substance abuse dis-orders; 
‘‘(II) manifests obvious signs of mental ill-
ness or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorders during arrest or con-finement or before any court; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of a veterans treatment 
court provided under subsection (i), has been diagnosed with, or manifests obvious signs of, mental illness or a substance abuse dis-order or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorder; 
‘‘(ii) has been unanimously approved for 
participation in a program funded under this section by, when appropriate— 
‘‘(I) the relevant— ‘‘(aa) prosecuting attorney; ‘‘(bb) defense attorney; ‘‘(cc) probation or corrections official; and ‘‘(dd) judge; and ‘‘(II) a representative from the relevant 
mental health agency described in sub-section (b)(5)(B)(i); 
‘‘(iii) has been determined, by each person 
described in clause (ii) who is involved in ap-proving the adult or juvenile for participa-
tion in a program funded under this section, to not pose a risk of violence to any person in the program, or the public, if selected to participate in the program; and 
‘‘(iv) has not been charged with or con-
victed of— 
‘‘(I) any sex offense (as defined in section 
111 of the Sex Offender Registration and No-tification Act (42 U.S.C. 16911)) or any offense relating to the sexual exploitation of chil-dren; or 
‘‘(II) murder or assault with intent to com-
mit murder. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—In determining 
whether to designate a defendant as a pre-liminarily qualified offender, the relevant prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, pro-bation or corrections official, judge, and mental health or substance abuse agency representative shall take into account— 
‘‘(i) whether the participation of the de-
fendant in the program would pose a sub-stantial risk of violence to the community; 
‘‘(ii) the criminal history of the defendant 
and the nature and severity of the offense for which the defendant is charged; 
‘‘(iii) the views of any relevant victims to 
the offense; 
‘‘(iv) the extent to which the defendant 
would benefit from participation in the pro-gram; 
‘‘(v) the extent to which the community 
would realize cost savings because of the de-fendant’s participation in the program; and 
‘‘(vi) whether the defendant satisfies the 
eligibility criteria for program participation unanimously established by the relevant prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, pro-bation or corrections official, judge and men-tal health or substance abuse agency rep-resentative.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 2927(2) of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797s–6(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘has the meaning given that term in section 2991(a).’’ and inserting ‘‘means an offense that— 
‘‘(A) does not have as an element the use, 
attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of an-other; or 
‘‘(B) is not a felony that by its nature in-
volves a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of another may be used in the course of committing the offense.’’. 
SEC. 13. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (k), as so added by section 6, the following: 
‘‘(l) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded 
by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient 
of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section. 
‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is 
awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the 
amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a grant under this part to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-
zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. 
‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-
able to the Department of Justice under this 
section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. 
‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-
proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.045 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8617 December 10, 2015 
on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-
propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— 
‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the 
Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and 
‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and 
‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-
cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. 
‘‘(m) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney 
General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to de-termine if duplicate grant awards are award-ed for the same purpose. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General 
awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, 
including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and 
‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General 
awarded the duplicate grants.’’. 
SEC. 14. REAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
Subsection (n) of section 2991 of the Omni-
bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa), as redesignated by section 4(a), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) $18,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 28 percent 
of the funds authorized to be appropriated under this section may be used for purposes described in subsection (j) (relating to vet-erans).’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I finally ask unan-
imous consent that the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVEL-
OPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINA-TION ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 242, S. 209. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 209) to amend the Indian Tribal 
Energy Development and Self-Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the Barrasso amendment No. 2714 be agreed to, the bill, as 
amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2714) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of October 20, 2015, under ‘‘Text 
of Amendments.’’) 
The bill (S. 209), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CHURCH PLAN CLARIFICATION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of S. 2308 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2308) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of church pension plans, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 2308) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2308 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Church Plan 
Clarification Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CHURCH PLAN CLARIFICATION. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF CONTROLLED GROUP  
RULES TO CHURCH PLANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 414(c) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), for purposes’’, and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) S PECIAL RULES RELATING TO CHURCH  
PLANS .— 
‘‘(A) G ENERAL RULE .—Except as provided in 
subparagraphs (B) and (C), for purposes of this subsection and subsection (m), an orga-nization that is otherwise eligible to partici-pate in a church plan shall not be aggregated with another such organization and treated as a single employer with such other organi-zation for a plan year beginning in a taxable year unless— 
‘‘(i) one such organization provides (di-
rectly or indirectly) at least 80 percent of the operating funds for the other organization during the preceding tax year of the recipi-ent organization, and 
‘‘(ii) there is a degree of common manage-
ment or supervision between the organiza-tions such that the organization providing 
the operating funds is directly involved in the day-to-day operations of the other orga-nization. 
‘‘(B) N
ONQUALIFIED CHURCH -CONTROLLED OR -
GANIZATIONS .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), for purposes of this subsection and subsection (m), an organization that is a nonqualified church-controlled organization shall be aggregated with 1 or more other nonqualified church-controlled organiza-tions, or with an organization that is not ex-empt from tax under section 501, and treated as a single employer with such other organi-zation, if at least 80 percent of the directors or trustees of such other organization are ei-ther representatives of, or directly or indi-rectly controlled by, such nonqualified church-controlled organization. For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘nonqualified church-controlled organization’ means a church-controlled tax-exempt organization described in section 501(c)(3) that is not a qualified church-controlled organization (as defined in section 3121(w)(3)(B)). 
‘‘(C) P
ERMISSIVE AGGREGATION AMONG  
CHURCH -RELATED ORGANIZATIONS .—The 
church or convention or association of churches with which an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (A) is associated (within the meaning of subsection (e)(3)(D)), or an organization designated by such church or convention or association of churches, may elect to treat such organiza-tions as a single employer for a plan year. Such election, once made, shall apply to all succeeding plan years unless revoked with notice provided to the Secretary in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. 
‘‘(D) P
ERMISSIVE DISAGGREGATION OF  
CHURCH -RELATED ORGANIZATIONS .—For pur-
poses of subparagraph (A), in the case of a church plan, an employer may elect to treat churches (as defined in section 403(b)(12)(B)) separately from entities that are not church-es (as so defined), without regard to whether such entities maintain separate church plans. Such election, once made, shall apply to all succeeding plan years unless revoked with notice provided to the Secretary in such manner as the Secretary shall pre-scribe.’’. 
(2) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO APPLICATION  
OF ANTI -ABUSE RULE .—The rule of 26 CFR 
1.414(c)–5(f) shall continue to apply to each paragraph of section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by para-graph (1). 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by paragraph (1) shall apply to years beginning before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF CONTRIBUTION AND  
FUNDING LIMITATIONS TO 403(b) G RAND -
FATHERED DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 251(e)(5) of the 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (Public Law 97–248), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘403(b)(2)’’ and inserting 
‘‘403(b)’’, and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘, and shall be subject to the applicable limitations of section 415(b) of such Code as if it were a defined benefit plan under section 401(a) of such Code (and not to the limitations of section 415(c) of such Code).’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to years beginning before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
UTOMATIC ENROLLMENT BY CHURCH  
PLANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—This subsection shall su-
persede any law of a State that relates to wage, salary, or payroll payment, collection, deduction, garnishment, assignment, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.045 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8618 December 10, 2015 
withholding which would directly or indi-
rectly prohibit or restrict the inclusion in any church plan (as defined in section 414(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of an automatic contribution arrangement. 
(2) D
EFINITION OF AUTOMATIC CONTRIBUTION  
ARRANGEMENT .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the term ‘‘automatic contribution arrangement’’ means an arrangement— 
(A) under which a participant may elect to 
have the plan sponsor or the employer make payments as contributions under the plan on behalf of the participant, or to the partici-pant directly in cash, 
(B) under which a participant is treated as 
having elected to have the plan sponsor or the employer make such contributions in an amount equal to a uniform percentage of compensation provided under the plan until the participant specifically elects not to have such contributions made (or specifi-cally elects to have such contributions made at a different percentage), and 
(C) under which the notice and election re-
quirements of paragraph (3), and the invest-ment requirements of paragraph (4), are sat-isfied. 
(3) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The plan sponsor of, or 
plan administrator or employer maintaining, an automatic contribution arrangement shall, within a reasonable period before the first day of each plan year, provide to each participant to whom the arrangement ap-plies for such plan year notice of the partici-pant’s rights and obligations under the ar-rangement which— 
(i) is sufficiently accurate and comprehen-
sive to apprise the participant of such rights and obligations, and 
(ii) is written in a manner calculated to be 
understood by the average participant to whom the arrangement applies. 
(B) E
LECTION REQUIREMENTS .—A notice 
shall not be treated as meeting the require-ments of subparagraph (A) with respect to a participant unless— 
(i) the notice includes an explanation of 
the participant’s right under the arrange-ment not to have elective contributions made on the participant’s behalf (or to elect to have such contributions made at a dif-ferent percentage), 
(ii) the participant has a reasonable period 
of time, after receipt of the explanation de-scribed in clause (i) and before the first elec-tive contribution is made, to make such election, and 
(iii) the notice explains how contributions 
made under the arrangement will be invested in the absence of any investment election by the participant. 
(4) D
EFAULT INVESTMENT .—If no affirmative 
investment election has been made with re-spect to any automatic contribution ar-rangement, contributions to such arrange-ment shall be invested in a default invest-ment selected with the care, skill, prudence, and diligence that a prudent person selecting an investment option would use. 
(5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection shall 
take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) A
LLOW CERTAIN PLAN TRANSFERS AND  
MERGERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 414 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(z) C
ERTAIN PLAN TRANSFERS AND MERG-
ERS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Under rules prescribed 
by the Secretary, except as provided in para-graph (2), no amount shall be includible in gross income by reason of— 
‘‘(A) a transfer of all or a portion of the ac-
crued benefit of a participant or beneficiary, whether or not vested, from a church plan that is a plan described in section 401(a) or an annuity contract described in section 
403(b) to an annuity contract described in section 403(b), if such plan and annuity con-tract are both maintained by the same church or convention or association of churches, 
‘‘(B) a transfer of all or a portion of the ac-
crued benefit of a participant or beneficiary from an annuity contract described in sec-tion 403(b) to a church plan that is a plan de-scribed in section 401(a) or an annuity con-tract described in section 403(b), if such plan and annuity contract are both maintained by the same church or convention or associa-tion of churches, or 
‘‘(C) a merger of a church plan that is a 
plan described in section 401(a), or an annu-ity contract described in section 403(b) with an annuity contract described in section 403(b), if such plan and annuity contract are both maintained by the same church or con-vention or association of churches. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a transfer or merger unless the par-ticipant’s or beneficiary’s total accrued ben-efit immediately after the transfer or merger is equal to or greater than the participant’s or beneficiary’s total accrued benefit imme-diately before the transfer or merger, and such total accrued benefit is nonforfeitable after the transfer or merger. 
‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATION .—A plan or annuity 
contract shall not fail to be considered to be described in sections 401(a) or 403(b) merely because such plan or annuity contract en-gages in a transfer or merger described in this subsection. 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section: 
‘‘(A) C HURCH OR CONVENTION OR ASSOCIATION  
OF CHURCHES .—The term ‘church or conven-
tion or association of churches’ includes an organization described in subparagraph (A) or (B)(ii) of subsection (e)(3). 
‘‘(B) A
NNUITY CONTRACT .—The term ‘annu-
ity contract’ includes a custodial account de-scribed in section 403(b)(7) and a retirement income account described in section 403(b)(9). 
‘‘(C) A
CCRUED BENEFIT .—The term ‘accrued 
benefit’ means— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a defined benefit plan, 
the employee’s accrued benefit determined under the plan, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a plan other than a de-
fined benefit plan, the balance of the em-ployee’s account under the plan.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by this subsection shall apply to trans-fers or mergers occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(e) I
NVESTMENTS BY CHURCH PLANS IN COL-
LECTIVE TRUSTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of— 
(A) a church plan (as defined in section 
414(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), including a plan described in section 401(a) of such Code and a retirement income account described in section 403(b)(9) of such Code, and 
(B) an organization described in section 
414(e)(3)(A) of such Code the principal pur-pose or function of which is the administra-tion of such a plan or account, 
the assets of such plan, account, or organiza-
tion (including any assets otherwise per-mitted to be commingled for investment pur-poses with the assets of such a plan, account, or organization) may be invested in a group trust otherwise described in Internal Rev-enue Service Revenue Ruling 81–100 (as modi-fied by Internal Revenue Service Revenue Rulings 2004–67, 2011–1, and 2014–24), or any subsequent revenue ruling that supersedes or modifies such revenue ruling, without ad-versely affecting the tax status of the group trust, such plan, account, or organization, or any other plan or trust that invests in the group trust. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection shall 
apply to investments made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
f 
PHYLLIS E. GALANTI ARBORETUM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 2693 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2693) to designate the arbo-
retum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 2693) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
FORECLOSURE RELIEF AND EX-
TENSION FOR SERVICEMEMBERS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 2393, submitted earlier today by Senator W
HITEHOUSE . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2393) to extend temporarily the 
extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 2393) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2393 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreclosure 
Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF EXTENDED 
PERIOD OF PROTECTIONS FOR MEM-BERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES RE-LATING TO MORTGAGES, MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE, AND EVICTION. 
Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s 
Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 50 U.S.C. 3953 note) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.046 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8619 December 10, 2015 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 
31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘January 
1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. 
f 
DIRECTING SENATE LEGAL 
COUNSEL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 333, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 333) to direct the Sen-
ate Legal Counsel to appear as amicus curiae in the name of the Senate in Bank Markazi, The Central Bank of Iran v. Deborah D. Peterson, et al. (S. Ct.) 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Supreme Court has taken up a case presenting the question whether a pro-vision of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which provides terrorism victims in the case of Peterson v. Islamic Repub-lic of Iran, Case No. 10 Civ. 4518, filed in the Southern District of New York, with the right, notwithstanding any other law, to obtain money damages for existing judgments against Iran from certain Iranian bonds held in the United States, violates the separation of powers. 
The plaintiffs here are victims and 
families of victims of Iran-sponsored terrorist attacks, including the 1983 Beirut Marine barracks bombing and the 1996 Khobar Towers bombing, who hold billions of dollars in unpaid com-pensatory damages judgments against Iran. In 2010, they initiated an action in Federal court seeking turnover of $1.75 billion in bond assets held by Citibank in New York, which through two foreign intermediary banks were ultimately owned by Bank Markazi, the Central Bank of Iran, which is wholly owned by the Iranian Govern-ment. 
Plaintiffs argued they were entitled 
to the assets under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, TRIA, which per-mits the satisfaction of terrorism judg-ments from ‘‘the blocked assets of any agency or instrumentality of th[e] ter-rorist party.’’ Pub. L. No. 107–297, §201(a), 116 Stat. 2322, 2337. Bank Markazi argued the assets were not subject to execution under TRIA be-cause they were held on behalf of inter-mediaries and therefore, under control-ling state law, those assets could not be considered Iran’s property. 
Against that backdrop and with 
plaintiffs’ motion for seeking execu-tion pending, Congress enacted section 502 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012. 22 U.S.C. §8772. That statute identified plaintiffs’ case by name and docket number and directed that, ‘‘notwith-standing any other provision of law’’ the assets ‘‘shall be subject to execu-
tion or attachment in aid of execution in order to satisfy any judgment to the extent of any compensatory damages awarded against Iran.’’ 22 U.S.C. §8772(a)(1), (b). It also expressly dis-claimed any effect on ‘‘any [other] pro-ceedings.’’ 22 U.S.C. §8772(c)(1). Before permitting execution against the as-sets, the statute required the court to determine both whether Iran holds title or interest in the assets and whether any ‘‘other person possesses a constitutionally protected interest in the assets.’’ 22 U.S.C. §8772(a)(2). 
Bank Markazi challenged section 502 
as unconstitutional for violating the separation of powers between the legis-lative and judicial branches explicated in United States v. Klein, 80 U.S. (13 Wall.) 128 (1871), by effectively dic-tating the outcome of a single case. After making the statutory determina-tions that Iran and only Iran held a beneficial interest in the assets, the district court rejected Bank Markazi’s constitutional challenge. Peterson v. Islamic Republic of Iran, slip op (S.D.N.Y. March 13, 2013), 2013 WL 1155576. The court, noting it was re-quired to determine whether Iran holds title or interest in the assets, as well as whether any other party holds a pro-tected interest in the assets, held that ‘‘[t]he statute does not itself ‘find’ turnover required; such determination is specifically left to the Court.’’ Id. at 31. 
On appeal, a unanimous Second Cir-
cuit panel affirmed. Peterson v. Is-lamic Republic of Iran, 758 F.3d 185 (2d Cir. 2014). The appellate court noted that ‘‘while Klein illustrates that Con-gress may not ‘usurp[] the adjudicative function assigned to the federal courts,’ later cases have explained that Congress may ‘chang[e] the law appli-cable to pending cases,’ even when the result under the revised law is clear.’’ Id. at 191 (citations omitted). 
Bank Markazi filed a petition for cer-
tiorari with the Supreme Court. After calling for and receiving the views of the United States Solicitor General, who filed an opposition to certiorari defending the constitutionality of sec-tion 502, the Supreme Court granted certiorari. 
Title VII of the Ethics in Govern-
ment Act authorizes the Senate to ap-pear as an amicus curiae in any legal action in which the powers and respon-sibilities of the Congress under the Constitution are placed in issue. Ap-pearance as an amicus curiae in this case would enable the Senate to re-spond to Bank Markazi’s contention that this law infringes on the judi-ciary’s constitutional power to decide cases and controversies and to present to the Court the basis for the Senate’s conviction that the law is consistent with the Constitution. 
This resolution would authorize the 
Senate legal counsel to appear in this case in the Senate’s name as amicus curiae to support the constitutionality of the statute. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 333) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 
14, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m. on Monday, De-cember 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that at 5 p.m., the Senate then proceed to executive session as under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
DECEMBER 14, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:32 p.m., adjourned until Monday, December 14, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATION 
The Senate Committee on Environ-
ment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of the fol-lowing nomination unanimous consent and the nomination was confirmed: 
RICHARD CAPEL HOWORTH, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE TEN-NESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 18, 2020. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate December 10, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
CHERRY ANN MURRAY, OF KANSAS, TO BE DIRECTOR 
OF THE OFFICE OF SCIENCE, DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY. 
MORRIS K . UDALL AND STEWART L . UDALL  
FOUNDATION  
ERIC DRAKE EBERHARD, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE MORRIS K. UDALL AND STEWART L. UDALL FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 6, 2018. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS WHILE ASSIGNED TO A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.047 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8620 December 10, 2015 
POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER 
TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN E. WISSLER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE CHIEF OF THE BUREAU OF MEDICINE AND SUR-GERY AND SURGEON GENERAL AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5137: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. CLINTON F. FAISON III 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE SURGEON GENERAL, UNITED STATES ARMY, AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 3036: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. NADJA Y. WEST 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. EDWARD E. HILDRETH III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL JENNIFER G. BUCKNER COLONEL SEAN A. GAINEY COLONEL DAVID T. ISAACSON COLONEL PATRICK B. ROBERSON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. BLAKE A. GETTYS COL. KAREN E. MANSFIELD 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TODD M. BRANDEN COL. MARK A. CROSBY COL. FERMIN A. RUBIO 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DAVID M. BAKOS COL. VANCE C. BATEMAN COL. SANDRA L. BEST COL. JEFFREY C. BOZARD COL. WILLIAM D. BUNCH COL. RAFAEL CARRERO COL. LARRY K. CLARK COL. KEVIN D. CLOTFELTER COL. MARSHALL C. COLLINS COL. JAMES N. COX COL. JASON R. CRIPPS COL. CHRISTOPHER S. CROXTON COL. FRANCIS N. DETORIE COL. RUBEN FERNANDEZ–VERA COL. JOHN T. FERRY COL. JOHN E. FLOWERS COL. MICHAEL J. FRANCIS COL. VINCENT R. FRANKLIN COL. CLAY L. GARRISON COL. KEVIN J. HEER COL. DANA A. HESSHEIMER COL. GENE W. HUGHES, JR. COL. JAMES T. JOHNSON COL. GREGORY F. JONES COL. MARSHALL L. KJELVIK COL. JAMES R. KRIESEL COL. RONALD S. LAMBE COL. ANDREW J. MACDONALD COL. STEPHEN J. MAHER COL. MATTHEW J. MANIFOLD COL. MAREN MCAVOY COL. GREGORY S. MCCREARY COL. STEPHEN B. MEHRING COL. JESSICA MEYERAAN COL. BILLY M. NABORS COL. JEFFREY L. NEWTON COL. PETER NEZAMIS COL. PATRICK R. RENWICK COL. STEPHEN M. RYAN COL. PETER R. SCHNEIDER COL. GREGORY N. SCHNULO COL. GREG A. SEMMEL COL. RAY M. SHEPARD COL. MARC A. SICARD COL. PAUL R. SILVESTRI COL. CHRISTOPHER A. STRATMANN 
COL. PETER F. SULLIVAN, JR. COL. TAMI S. THOMPSON COL. JOSEPH B. WILSON COL. GREGORY S. WOODROW 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. EDWARD P. MAXWELL 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT C. BOLTON BRIG. GEN. CHARLES W. CHAPPUIS, JR. BRIG. GEN. DAWNE L. DESKINS BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY L. FRYE BRIG. GEN. PAUL D. JACOBS BRIG. GEN. MARK E. JANNITTO BRIG. GEN. RONALD W. SOLBERG BRIG. GEN. JAMES K. VOGEL BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM L. WELSH BRIG. GEN. WAYNE A. ZIMMET 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN D. BANSEMER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RUSSELL A. MUNCY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PATRICIA N. BEYER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHRISTOPHER W. LENTZ 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. LEE ANN T. BENNETT COL. RICHARD M. CASTO COL. JONATHAN M. ELLIS COL. JAMES J. FONTANELLA COL. JOHN P. HEALY COL. DANIEL J. HEIRES COL. ROBERT A. HUSTON COL. WILLIAM R. KOUNTZ, JR. COL. ALBERT V. LUPENSKI COL. TYLER D. OTTEN COL. RUSSELL P. REIMER COL. HAROLD E. ROGERS, JR. COL. TRACEY A. SIEMS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOHN C. THOMSON III 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. SYLVIA R. CROCKETT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KENNETH T. BIBB, JR. COL. ANGELA M. CADWELL COL. MARTIN A. CHAPIN COL. JAMES R. CLUFF COL. CHARLES S. CORCORAN COL. SEAN M. FARRELL COL. CHAD P. FRANKS COL. ALEXUS G. GRYNKEWICH COL. TIMOTHY D. HAUGH COL. CHRISTOPHER D. HILL COL. ERIC T. HILL COL. SAMUEL C. HINOTE COL. WILLIAM G. HOLT II COL. LINDA S. HURRY COL. MATTHEW C. ISLER COL. KYLE J. KREMER COL. JOHN C. KUBINEC 
COL. DOUGLAS K. LAMBERTH COL. LANCE K. LANDRUM COL. JEANNIE M. LEAVITT COL. WILLIAM J. LIQUORI, JR. COL. MICHAEL J. LUTTON COL. COREY J. MARTIN COL. TOM D. MILLER COL. RICHARD G. MOORE, JR. COL. JAMES D. PECCIA III COL. HEATHER L. PRINGLE COL. MICHAEL J. SCHMIDT COL. JAMES R. SEARS, JR. COL. DANIEL L. SIMPSON COL. MARK H. SLOCUM COL. ROBERT S. SPALDING III COL. WILLIAM A. SPANGENTHAL COL. EDWARD W. THOMAS, JR. COL. JOHN T. WILCOX II COL. MICHAEL P. WINKLER 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
DARRYL L. DEPRIEST, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE CHIEF COUN-
SEL FOR ADVOCACY, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRYAN K. 
ALLEN AND ENDING WITH GARRICK H. YOKOE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES D. FERGUSON, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KELVIN L. 
BROWN AND ENDING WITH PAUL L. WAGNER II, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAESOO LEE 
AND ENDING WITH BRIAN D. RAY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF WAYNE W. SANTOS, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF ANTHONY J. FADELL, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF RICARDO ALONSOJOURNET, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JEFFREY M. SLOAN, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANDREW C. DIL-
LON AND ENDING WITH ANDRE R. HOLDER, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF REBECCA R. TOMSYCK, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF EVERETT S. P. SPAIN, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF SHANE R. REEVES, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID E. 
BENTZEL AND ENDING WITH BRIAN U. T. KIM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TERESA L. 
BRININGER AND ENDING WITH RICHARD A. VILLARREAL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KEVIN R. BASS 
AND ENDING WITH D003940, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KIMBERLIE A. 
BIEVER AND ENDING WITH PAMELA M. WULF, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID BARRETT 
AND ENDING WITH JENNIFER S. ZUCKER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID W. LAWS 
AND ENDING WITH JOHN E. SWANBERG, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF WILLIAM A. ALTMIRE, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JESUS J. T. NUFABLE, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RUBEN 
BERMUDEZPAGAN AND ENDING WITH TODD W. SCHAF-FER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SEN-ATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JOSHUA A. CARLISLE, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF WILLIAM C. MOORHOUSE, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF GREGG T. OLSOWY, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF ROGER S. GIRAUD, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF STEVEN M. WILKE, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF KENNETH C. COLLINS II, TO BE 
CAPTAIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.002 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8621 December 10, 2015 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
CORINNA M. FLEISCHMANN AND ENDING WITH KIM-BERLY C. YOUNG–MCLEAR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MI-
CHAEL S. ADAMS, JR. AND ENDING WITH JAMES R. ZOLL, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SEN-ATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JASON 
C. ALEKSAK AND ENDING WITH YAMASHEKA Z. YOUNG– MCLEAR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL 
RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF DANIEL SYL-
VESTER CRONIN. 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF DERELL KENNEDO. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
STEVEN CARL AABERG AND ENDING WITH SANDRA M. ZUNIGA GUZMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 10, 2015. 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
JAMES F. ENTWISTLE AND ENDING WITH DANIEL R. RUSSEL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE 
SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
CHRISTOPHER VOLCIAK AND ENDING WITH EDWARD L. ROBINSON III, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY  
RICHARD CAPEL HOWORTH, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE TEN-NESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 18, 2020. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.004 S10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1755 December 10, 2015 
MICROBEAD-FREE WATERS ACT OF 
2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, December 7, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Microbead-Free Waters Act. 
Microbeads, the small plastic particles con-
tained in many face washes and other cleans-ing products, too often end up in America’s lakes, rivers, and other water sources. In fact, a report last year from New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman found that up to 19 tons of microbeads could find their way into my home state’s wastewater stream each year. These particles accumulate pollutants, increasing toxicity of our waters, and pose a threat to fish and other wildlife that ingest plastic. 
I commend the many leading companies 
that voluntarily responded to these concerns by phasing out the use of plastic microbeads in their product lines, including L’Oreal, Unilever, and Avon. 
I am pleased Congress acted this week to 
act on this important issue, with bipartisan leg-islation that will ban microbeads in personal care products beginning in 2017. 
This legislation builds on the momentum 
from ten states that have passed legislation to ban microbeads—including nine just in 2015. Unlike some proposals that would put in place an unrealistic timeline for implementation, or phase in the restriction years later than H.R. 1321, this federal legislation will grant all par-ties sufficient time to eliminate microbeads, while ensuring quick action on this growing concern. The Microbead-Free Waters Act will ensure consumers know that the products they use each day will not pollute our precious lakes and rivers. 
I urge the Senate to act quickly to pass this 
legislation, and congratulate Chairman U
PTON  
and Ranking Member P ALLONE for their hard 
work on this important bill. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I missed a se-
ries of recorded votes on November 30, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on roll call vote Number 644 and roll call vote Number 645. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ESTHER 
ORTIZ CARDENAS 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 100th birthday of Es-ther Ortiz Cardenas of Del Rio, Texas. 
A beloved mother of 12 children, grand-
mother of 29 grandchildren, 48 great-grand-children and 8 great, great grandchildren, Mrs. Cardenas is a woman known for her devout faith, her hard work and her generous hospi-tality. 
Whether it was cooking from scratch, mak-
ing clothes for the family, tending chickens, creating home-made soap or tending her gar-den to put food on the table, she always worked hard to ensure her family never want-ed for anything. 
Knowing that God would always provide, 
Mrs. Cardenas never hesitated to feed the hungry or help others who were in need. When faced with troubled times, she turned to God, believing in answered prayers. 
Surrounded by her family and friends, Mrs. 
Cardenas celebrated 100 years on November 28th of this year. Mrs. Cardenas is without question, a Proverbs 31 woman—a blessing to her family and her community. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Third Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Es-ther Ortiz Cardenas on turning 100 years young and may you celebrate many more. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE CRYSTAL 
CITY HIGH SCHOOL HORNETS FOR THEIR 2015 MISSOURI CLASS 1 GIRLS CROSS COUNTRY STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Crystal City High School Hor-nets for their first place win in the 2015 Class 1 Girls Cross Country State Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the Crys-
tal City Hornets for a job well done. 
f 
HONORING D. PATRICK CURLEY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of D. Patrick Curley, who has dedicated fifty years to the service of our Western New 
York community. 
Mr. Curley was born and raised in Buffalo, 
New York. After graduating from Canisius High School in 1959, where he was first team all Catholic in tennis, he moved to Boston, where he graduated with an A.B. degree in mathematics from Boston College in 1963. He then returned to Buffalo to pursue an M.S. de-gree from Canisius College. 
He was an instructor at D’Youville and 
Canisius Colleges, where he lectured in statis-tics, accounting, and business valuation tech-niques. Mr. Curley went on to work in banking at Marine Midland, before starting his own business consulting company, St. Lawrence Business Consultants, in 1977. 
He remains president of St. Lawrence Busi-
ness Consultants today, specializing in training seminars, economic development projects, mergers and acquisitions, succession plan-ning, corporate valuations and ESOPs. At St. Lawrence Business Consultants, he became the Washington liaison to Moog, Inc. He has also played a role in statewide economic de-velopment, including consulting with New York State’s Ownership Transition Services Pro-gram and helping to retain more than ten- thousand jobs in the state. 
As a thirty year management seminar lead-
er, Mr. Curley has conducted more than one hundred seminars throughout the United States with more than 3,000 participants. 
He has served on the boards of several 
New York and international corporations, and is a member of the Industry Trade Advisory Committee (ITAC) under the auspices of the Department of Commerce. 
Mr. Curley was a distinguished member of 
the board of the New York Power Authority from 2007 to 2012. And he was elected to three terms on the Orchard Park Town Board, where he served for 12 years and was re-garded as an expert in public finance. He also served as chairman of sewer district #3 and was vice chair of the Southtown Recycling Consortium. 
Mr. Curley has served in leadership posi-
tions for more than two dozen charitable, civic and philanthropic organizations. He founded the Orchard Park Council of the Arts and was a member of the National Board of Directors of the American Heart Association, Mercy Hospital of Buffalo, and the President’s Coun-cil of D’Youville College. He served as chair-man of the Board of Trustees of Erie County Central Police Services, and director and chairman of the audit committee of a Western New York foundation. The Orchard Park Chamber of Commerce voted him Man of the Year, and he received multiple awards for his service to the American Heart Association. 
For forty-six years, Mr. Curley has been a 
member of the Orchard Park Volunteer Fire Company becoming a life member in 1987. During this time he attended 5,147 emergency and fire calls. 
An avid hockey enthusiast, he served as 
vice chair for the Southtowns YMCA board of managers, where he designed, financed, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE8.016 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1756 December 10, 2015 
built an indoor ice rink. He also founded the 
Southtowns Hockey Officials Association, and was a referee for 35 years. 
Mr. Curley is married to Carolyn G. Curley, 
the father of Jennifer Curley Reichert, Brendan Curley, and Shannon Curley Tower, and the proud grandfather of eight grandchildren. He is known for his colorful attire and positive atti-tude. He is a loyal, a proven consensus build-er, cohesive team player, and a fair and effec-tive leader. He never missed a St. Patrick’s Day parade in Buffalo or New York City, or a chance to sing ‘‘God Bless America.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, Pat Curley is a proud Amer-
ican and Western New Yorker. I ask my col-leagues to join me in honoring Mr. D. Patrick Curley and thanking him for 50 years of com-mitment to his community, family, and country. 
f 
HONORING TONY YOUNG 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize and remember an extraordinary advocate for individuals with disabilities, Mr. Tony Young. 
Tony dedicated his life to advocating on be-
half of individuals with disabilities and more importantly—helping individuals with disabil-ities advocate on behalf of themselves. He was the founder and first executive director of the ENDependence Center of Northern Vir-ginia, a community resource and advocacy center run by and for persons with disabilities whose mission is to END dependence by em-powering people with disabilities to live inde-pendently. 
Tony also served as a senior public policy 
analyst with United Cerebral Palsy, Inc. He worked as the director of Residential Services and Community Supports for the American Rehabilitation Association in Washington, D.C. and served as president of Open Access, a consulting firm focusing on the design, devel-opment, evaluation and analysis of policies, programs and services for persons with dis-abilities. 
For the past 16 years, Tony has held var-
ious positions at SourceAmerica where he led strategic and policy initiatives all with the sin-gular goal of helping more individuals with dis-abilities to join the workforce. 
Tony was a positive force in the lives of 
thousands, if not millions, of people with dis-abilities across the nation through his advo-cacy and the positive changes he supported. Tony passed away earlier this week at his home in the 11th District of Virginia. Although he will be greatly missed, his legacy will en-dure through those he touched, those he helped, and the societal changes he cham-pioned. 
f 
CONSTRUCT THE NATIONAL 
EISENHOWER MEMORIAL 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with Representative M IKETHOMPSON  and Representative S ANFORD BISHOP to urge 
our colleagues in Congress to move towards the construction and completion of the Na-tional Eisenhower Memorial as a fitting tribute to the Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe during World War II and the 34th President of the United States. 
As admirers of Dwight D. Eisenhower and 
his impact on history, it has been an honor to serve on the Eisenhower Memorial Commis-sion. It is our hope that Dwight D. Eisenhower and our country receive a memorial that prop-erly commemorates his roles as General and President that helped shape our nation for the better. We believe the current proposed de-sign achieves this goal. 
For over ten years, the Commission has 
worked to develop a memorial that pays trib-ute to Eisenhower’s achievements as both General and President. During this process, there have been some differences of opinion on how to best honor Eisenhower’s accom-plishments. Unfortunately, there has also been a fair amount of misinformation in many news stories and reports. 
The Memorial was first authorized by Con-
gress in 1999. Within the past few months, all final design and site approvals have been ob-tained under the process required by Con-gress from the National Capital Memorial Advi-sory Commission, the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts, and the National Capital Planning Commission. 
Since its inception, the Commission has 
consulted with members of the Eisenhower family. David Eisenhower was an original member of the Commission from 2001 through 2011, during which time the architectural firm and Memorial design were approved by unani-mous votes. 
Time is of the essence for our remaining 
World War II veterans. Funding of construction in Fiscal Year 2016 will allow the Memorial to be completed by the summer of 2019, the 75th anniversary of D-Day. 
Further delays would mean that those who 
fought under Eisenhower’s command would not see its completion and call in to question whether the Memorial will ever be built. Now is the time to move ahead. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR KRYSTYL WAT-
SON’S CONGRESSIONAL FELLOW-SHIP 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to recognize a member of my staff, Major Krystyl R. Watson, for her outstanding year as an Army Fellow in my Washington, DC office. 
Krystyl, a Florida native, joined my staff last 
January as part of the Army Congressional Fellowship Program. Her extremely hard work and dedication has made her a vital part of my team that ensured that not a single day of her year in my office was wasted. 
Before coming to Washington as a Fellow, 
Krystyl built quite the resume as a law en-forcement officer in Florida. From her time as a Special Agent with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement in Tampa to her year spent deployed as a company commander with the 912th Human Resources Company in 
Afghanistan, Krystyl brought a wide range of valuable experiences to Capitol Hill. 
From day one, Krystyl dove right into the 
role of a legislative aide and was as meticu-lous as a seasoned staffer. There was never an issue she didn’t care to learn, and her fresh perspective was invaluable. Her experi-ences in the U.S. Army Reserve and Florida Department of Law Enforcement were instru-mental in helping me introduce important leg-islation to stop fraud against veterans and in securing critical funding for service members and veterans through the appropriations proc-ess. 
With energy, optimism, and the unmatched 
work ethic of a soldier, Krystyl has helped make her year with my office one of my most productive yet. More than just helping with leg-islation, Krystyl has been an invaluable re-source for the veterans in Florida’s 17th Con-gressional District. Whether assisting with con-gressional inquiries or helping a veteran with a VA issue, Krystyl was always happy to take a veteran’s phone call and find a way to help. 
Over the last year, Krystyl was an out-
standing legislative aide, earned her master’s degree in Legislative Affairs from George Washington University, ran the Marine Corps marathon, and became an irreplaceable mem-ber of my team. Krystyl will be greatly missed, but I have no doubt that she will continue to set a standard of excellence in everything that she does. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GEORGE T. SAKATO 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the life and achievements of George T. Sakato. 
George Sakato was born in Colton, Cali-
fornia in 1921 and grew up in Southern Cali-fornia. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, his family moved from California to avoid the mass internment of Japanese Americans, and his family resettled in Arizona. 
In 1944, at the age of 23, Mr. Sakato volun-
teered for the U.S. Army and joined the all- Japanese-American 442nd Regimental Com-bat Team. At 5 feet 4 inches, he was not your storybook soldier. What he lacked in stature, however, he made up for in bravery and devo-tion to his brothers in arms. 
In October of 1944, Private Sakato’s unit 
was sent on a mission to rescue 281 captured American soldiers in the Vosges Mountains of northeast France. In the firefight, Private Sakato’s squad leader was killed after his unit pushed enemy German combatants from their defensive positions. 
With no commanding officer, Private Sakato 
stepped up to lead his squad. He charged the enemy position. Singlehandedly, he killed 12 enemy soldiers and then, with the help of his unit, took 34 more as prisoners. 
For his bravery, Private Sakato received the 
Distinguished Service Cross and was rec-ommended for the Medal of Honor. Yet, like so many other Japanese-American soldiers during WWII, he was denied that honor due to deeply ingrained anti-Japanese racism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE8.017 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1757 December 10, 2015 
More than a half century later, on June 21, 
2000, Mr. Sakato and 21 other Asian-Amer-ican veterans were finally given the recogni-tion they had earned for their actions in com-bat and were awarded the Medal of Honor by President Clinton. 
On Dec. 2nd, 2015, at the age of 94, 
George Sakato died in Denver, Colorado. George Sakato was one of the trailblazing men and women whose hands have shaped the United States into the great nation it is today. His example of bravery, humility, and love for his country is one to admire and emu-late. 
My condolences go to his daughter Leslie, 
and the rest of the Sakato family. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF KENTUCKY 
VOLUNTEERS 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
recognize two constituents from my district, Thomas Sullivan and Daniel Disselkamp, who spent three weeks in northern Haiti building and upgrading powerlines to help communities receive affordable, safe, and reliable elec-tricity. The power linemen from Nolin Electric Cooperative were the second group to volun-teer their services on this project. 
The project is one to commercialize power 
from the Caracol Industrial Park generation station that is currently serving 8,000 con-sumers in Caracol and surrounding commu-nities with electricity 24 hours a day. When the project is complete, a total of 10,000 con-sumers will have access to electricity. One of the major factors contributing to ending pov-erty and improving the quality of life for people around the world is access to affordable and reliable electricity. 
Only about 13 percent of Haitians currently 
have access to electricity, so the services pro-vided by these linemen will have a positive im-pact on thousands of lives. Obtaining elec-tricity access is an important step toward achieving improvements in healthcare, edu-cation, and economic opportunity. 
That is why today I would like to thank and 
recognize Thomas Sullivan and Daniel Disselkamp for their service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COMMANDER CHAD 
C. SCHUMACHER 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize those men and women who have served this great Nation with honor, men such as Commander Chad C. Schumacher, United States Navy. 
For the past year, Commander 
Schumacher, a proud naval aviator and grad-uate of the United States Naval Academy, served on my staff as a Congressional De-fense Fellow. During his assignment, he served as a senior member of my staff re-sponsible for defense, veterans, foreign affairs and intelligence matters. Commander 
Schumacher executed his work as a liaison to the constituents of the First District and the numerous defense installations in the First District with distinction. Furthermore, he pro-vided exceptional support to me as my staff li-aison to the House Armed Services Com-mittee in my role as a Subcommittee Chair-man and as the Co-Chair of the Congressional Shipbuilding Caucus. 
Commander Schumacher directly contrib-
uted to my goal of providing excellent con-stituent service to the people of the First Dis-trict. He was responsible for bringing numer-ous constituent inquiries to a successful con-clusion and he was able to leverage his per-
sonal and operational experience to respond to the most challenging inquiries. 
In addition to his efforts on behalf of the 
First District, Commander Schumacher took on projects with regional, state and national implications, demonstrating his ability to view a challenge from many angles and develop in-novative solutions often requiring collaboration across many levels of government. 
Commander Schumacher’s work ethic, duty 
to mission, and commitment to servant leader-ship is without equal. I believe that his per-sonal drive to achieve excellence in his work has and will set a very high standard for his peers. 
I would also like to thank Commander 
Schumacher for the service and sacrifice he has made, and continues to make, for our Na-tion and our great Navy. His keen sense of honor, impeccable integrity, boundless work ethic, humor and loyal devotion to duty earned him the respect and admiration of my staff and the First District of Virginia. As an F–18 Hor-net pilot with 2000 flight hours and 400 ar-rested landings, Commander Schumacher completed multiple deployments in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom, and served as an instructor at the United States Navy Fighter Weapons School (TOPGUN). Commander Schumacher is headed to the Pentagon where he will work in Legislative Affairs for U.S. Northern Com-mand. I have no doubt that Commander Schumacher will continue to serve the Navy honorably and with distinction. 
I wish him the best of luck as he continues 
his Naval career. It was an honor and a pleas-ure having him serve on my staff. We all can sleep soundly at night knowing that men and women like Commander Chad Schumacher are members of our all-volunteer force and they stand ready to defend our country and take the fight to our enemies; far away from their families and the comforts of the United States of America. 
Commander Schumacher, thank you. Best 
wishes to you and God bless you, your family, and all the men and women in uniform. Fair winds and following seas.—and GO NAVY BEAT ARMY. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LANDMARK INN 
STATE HISTORIC SITE OF CASTROVILLE, TEXAS 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Landmark Inn State Historic Site of Castroville, Texas, on the com-
pletion of its extensive restoration efforts. The Landmark Inn State Historic Site, which is a Texas Historical Commission property, pre-serves an important part of Texas’ history. The Landmark Inn not only protects the cultural and natural value of this area, but also en-sures that future generations of Texans will be able to enjoy its rich history. 
The Landmark Inn gives unique insight into 
the lives of Texas’ earliest settlers. The city of Castroville was established on September 3, 1844, by entrepreneur Henri Castro and a group of settlers from the Alsace region of France. One of its earliest inhabitants was a man named Ce ´sar Monod, who was elected 
Mayor of Castroville in 1852 and built a com-bined home and store to serve travelers along the San Antonio-El Paso road. In 1853, a mer-chant named John Vance bought the property and built living quarters for his visitors onto the existing store, including galleries, a family resi-dence, and even a multistory bathhouse. This became the Vance Hotel. Several other entre-preneurs, including George L. Haass and Laurent Quintle, built a dam on the property that diverted water from the Medina River to power a gristmill. Finally, in 1925, Jordan T. Lawler converted the gristmill into Castroville’s very first electric power plant. It is over a hun-dred years later in 1981 that the Landmark Inn was dedicated as a historically designated site. 
The 23rd Congressional District of Texas 
stretches from San Antonio to El Paso, along over 820 miles of the border, and includes Castroville, a gem that is home to over 2,600 residents. The Landmark Inn provides an op-portunity for today’s Texans to deepen their understanding of Castroville’s early pioneers. Those dedicated to the Landmark Inn’s res-toration emulate the hard work and values evi-dent in this great city’s founders. The level of excellence shown in preserving the rich history of this site is a reflection of the residents of Castroville and their values, and their devotion to tradition serves as a source of pride for the entire city and the 23rd Congressional District of Texas. It is my honor to represent Castroville, and I wish continued success to the Landmark Inn in its future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE FATIMA 
HIGH SCHOOL COMETS FOR THEIR 2015 MISSOURI CLASS 2 GIRLS CROSS COUNTRY STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Fatima High School Comets for their first place win in the 2015 Class 2 State Girls Cross Country Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the Fat-
ima Comets for a job well done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE8.014 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1758 December 10, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATION OF 
THE BETTY D EVANE COVINGTON 
LIBRARY AT DUMFRIES ELE-MENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the dedication of the ‘‘Betty DeVane Covington Library’’ at Dumfries Ele-mentary School in Dumfries, Virginia. This year marks Mrs. Covington’s 54th year in edu-cation and her 53rd year with the Prince Wil-liam County Schools, having served as a classroom teacher, assistant principal, prin-cipal, and now School Board member. Mrs. Covington’s tireless work has helped shape the minds and hearts of thousands of stu-dents, both young and old. 
Mrs. Covington’s longevity in the community 
is noted by many firsts. She served as the principal of the Saunders Kindergarten Center, the first public kindergarten in Prince William County; in 1995, she became the first elected School Board member in Dumfries, now Poto-mac Magisterial District; and she received the inaugural Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Washington/Prince William-Manassas, Educa-tor of the Year Award, which was later re-named in her honor. 
With a career dating back to 1961, Mrs. 
Covington has worked in numerous elemen-tary schools within the county. Nine of her 11 years as a classroom teacher were spent at Dumfries Elementary School. Three years were spent as an assistant principal of Dale City Elementary School. During her tenure, the school participated in a pilot program for year- round education. From 1974 to 1976, Mrs. Covington served as principal of the Saunders Kindergarten Center. She ended her career after 19 years as principal of Kilby Elementary School. That same year, she was elected to the Prince William County School Board. Mrs. Covington served as the Dumfries School Board member for one year before returning to Dumfries Elementary School as the ap-pointed principal for six years. Upon her final retirement from education administration in 2005, Mrs. Covington was again elected to the Prince William School Board to serve three consecutive terms. 
Over the course of her career, Mrs. Cov-
ington has been recognized for her commit-ment to educating the students of Prince Wil-liam County. She has been nominated for The Washington Post Distinguished Educational Leadership Award and Prince William County Principal of the Year. Her accolades also in-clude receiving the Service Award from the School Board, Women of the Year from the Soroptimist Club, the Zontas Club, and Com-mission for Women, Minerva Award for Public Service by the Prince William County Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., and the Human Rights Award from the Prince William County Human Rights Commission, to name just a few. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Betty Covington for her unwav-ering dedication to serving the children of Prince William County, first in the classroom and more recently as a member of the School Board representing the Potomac Magisterial District. Mrs. Covington has been an integral and essential part of Prince William Public 
Schools through her commitment to public service for the betterment of our community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF 
SERGEANT MICHAEL JOE NAYLOR 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the life of Sgt. Michael Joe Naylor of the Midland County Sheriff’s Department. Sadly, Sgt. Naylor was taken from us in the line of duty on October 9, 2014. 
Sgt. Naylor’s life was dedicated to the serv-
ice of his community and our county. After graduating from high school, Mike enlisted in the United States Air Force, where he served 26 honorable years and earning the rank of Senior Master Sergeant before retiring. 
After retiring from the military in 1999, Mike 
joined the Midland County Sheriff’s Depart-ment. Through the years, Mike rose through the ranks and served as a leader on the police force. He was actively involved in many initia-tives within the department, most notably serv-ing as Commander of the Midland County Sheriff’s Department Honor Guard. In addition to serving as a Deputy Sheriff, Mike was also an emergency medical technician. Mike’s noble duty to always protect others is one of the many reasons that made him special to Midland County. 
Anybody who knew Mike would say that he 
was a compassionate and selfless profes-sional that went above and beyond to serve his fellow man. His lifetime of service was re-cently recognized by the state of Texas with the renaming of State Highway 191 as the ‘‘Sergeant Michael Naylor Memorial Highway’’. I had the privilege to be a part of this dedica-tion ceremony and am grateful for that oppor-tunity. 
On December 27th, we will be celebrating 
Mike’s 48th birthday. Although the wounds of his loss are still fresh in the hearts of many back home, we must all come together and re-member all of the good that Mike offered to the world. We are blessed to have individuals like Mike that serve our communities. His service exemplifies every aspect of the Amer-ican spirit and makes our communities strong-er and safer. His life is an example of how one’s service can make their home a better place. His legacy will forever be carried on by his wife Denise, the rest of his immediate fam-ily, and his family of first responders. 
f 
HONORING THE FIRST BROADCAST 
AND GRAND OPENING OF KEXP’S NEW HOME AT SEATTLE CENTER 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the first broadcast from KEXP’s New Home in Seattle, and to salute the station as it prepares for the Grand Opening of its new home for music discovery in April of 2016. 
Since its founding in 1972, KEXP has al-
ways been a champion for music discovery. With a radio broadcast and online stream that 
reaches over 200,000 people per week as well as a video channel that reaches 750,000 more, KEXP has provided music lovers with decades of trusted, curated music discovery experiences, and introduced a global audience to new artists from the Pacific Northwest and beyond. 
As a public radio station with vibrant com-
munity support, KEXP empowers its DJs to make bold choices and push themselves cre-atively, introducing audiences to new artists, and putting music in context by sharing sto-ries, connecting musical threads, and juxta-posing today’s emerging artists with the sem-inal artists that inspire them. 
KEXP provides bands from the Pacific 
Northwest a stage from which they launch their music careers. KEXP connects thou-sands of artists to millions of music lovers. KEXP connects talent to record labels, pro-moters, and the music industry. The result is powerful; a thriving population of artists and bands who have the opportunity to success-fully perform and present their art. KEXP is in-vigorating the community by helping arts and culture thrive in the Pacific Northwest. 
With the opening of its new home at Seattle 
Center, KEXP will be able to serve the com-munity in exciting new ways. It will host free live performances, create new educational partnerships, create public engagement spaces, and house cutting-edge broadcast and production technology. 
As we tune in and celebrate the first broad-
cast from this state-of-the-art facility, I would like to convey my congratulations to KEXP on the opening of its new home as well as the growing number of opportunities it will create to bring great music into the lives of those in the 7th Congressional District and around the world. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 22, 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION RE-AUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 3, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, 
while I support the policy merits of this bill, I have strong concern about some of the fund-ing mechanisms used to help pay for it. The concerns include provisions for drawdown and sale of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR), selling 66 million barrels of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve in order to provide $6.2 billion in offsets over 10 years. 
As is often the case, what we have accom-
plished here is nothing more than an unsustainable budget gimmick. As adjusted for inflation, the average price per barrel of oil currently stored in the SPR is $74. At a time when the global price of oil hovers at less than $40 a barrel, and as OPEC continues to produce and flood the global market at historic rates, with no end in sight, I simply do not see how we can budget the sale of SPR oil at $94 per barrel on average over the next 10 years to total $6.2 billion in revenue. Our SPR was never intended as a budget gimmick, it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE8.021 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1759 December 10, 2015 
about our energy and national security. De-
spite our record domestic production of crude oil, I believe it is irresponsible to use a vital national energy security asset as a budget gimmick. 
Besides the fact that the math simply 
doesn’t add up, I philosophically oppose the increasing tendency of the federal government to reallocate money intended for one purpose to then fund unrelated policy initiatives. It is disingenuous and irresponsible. And in the case of the surface transportation bill funding mechanisms, this approach is symptomatic of a larger problem. 
The Highway Trust Fund was designed to 
be funded primarily through a user pays, user benefits model in the form of the federal gas tax. The increased fuel efficiency of vehicles, in conjunction with several policy and regu-latory factors, has gradually eroded the gas tax’s ability to keep pace with investment de-mands over time. 
Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we begin work 
now to modernize the funding formula for the Highway Trust Fund and return to a user pays model. The longer we turn a blind eye towards addressing the user fee model, which has not been adjusted since 1993, and continue to ig-nore the need to build a 21st century funding mechanism reflective of the technological ad-vancements at our disposal, the more fearful I am of passing a sustainable, long term in-vestment to address our nation’s ailing infra-structure in the future. 
I applaud the chamber on its work to pass 
this 5-year bill, and I look forward to con-tinuing work to ensure the next bill is more fis-cally responsible, adhering to a paid for meas-ure more closely aligned to a user pay, user benefit system. 
f 
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT 
TRAINING CENTERS REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 8, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act (H.R. 3842). This bipartisan bill will codify and reauthorize the duties and responsibilities of Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers (FLETCs). FLETCs improve domestic preparedness, pre-vention, and response to terrorism by pro-viding basic and advanced training to federal employees involved in federal law enforce-ment activities or homeland security oper-ations. I am proud that this important national security work occurs in several locations across the country, including in my home state of New Mexico. 
However, I have concerns about one par-
ticular provision within H.R. 3842: The ability for FLETCs to offer state and local law en-forcement agencies training, which is meant for federal security personnel. Although I strongly believe that federal security personnel need to coordinate and work closely with state and local law enforcement agencies to pre-pare, prevent, and respond to terrorism, I have grave concerns with the ability of community police departments to have complete and un-
restricted access to military-style training at FLETCs. 
For example, the Albuquerque Police De-
partment (APD) has access to every Depart-ment of Energy National Training Center (NTC) class, which are intended for federal law enforcement personnel to protect our na-tion’s nuclear materials. APD has completed dozens of DOE-instructed classes, including lessons on ‘‘vehicle ambush,’’ ‘‘tactical leader-ship assault executions,’’ and ‘‘how to lead a small element in a combat situation.’’ The U.S. Department of Justice is currently reviewing APD’s use of NTC classes, resources, and fa-cilities. 
I encourage FLETCs to enact sensible over-
sight mechanisms and restrictions on state and local law enforcement access to FLETC resources and facilities. FLETCs should have criteria to determine what training topics or classes, if any, are appropriate for state and local law enforcement. FLETCs should also consider the duty assignments and respon-sibilities of individual officers when determining allowing access. In addition, police depart-ments under a Department of Justice consent decree for violating the constitutional rights of Americans or departments with a history of ex-cessive or unnecessary force, should not re-ceive military-style training provided by FLETCs. 
I will continue to work with the Administra-
tion on strengthening the mission of FLETCs and on ensuring that state and local law en-forcement have appropriate access. 
f 
VISA WAIVER PROGRAM IMPROVE-
MENT AND TERRORIST TRAVEL PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 8, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improve-ment Act. I agree that Congress has a respon-sibility to carefully examine the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) and to take appropriate steps to improve the program and ensure our na-tional security. 
Yet I am concerned that this bill would allow 
for the arbitrary discrimination of individuals based on their nationality. According to the American Civil Liberties Union, the language contained in H.R. 158 is written so broadly that all nationals of Iraq, Syria, Iran or Sudan would have their VWP revoked, even if they have never resided or traveled to Iraq or Syria and only have nationality for those countries as a result of their parents. 
This bill would also terminate VWP travel 
privileges for anyone who has been in Iraq and Syria at any time on or after March 1, 2011, including those traveling to Iraq and Syria for professional purposes. This includes anyone from a journalist to a humanitarian aid worker. Congress can take steps to improve the program and ensure our national security without putting in place blanket provisions that allow for the discrimination of individuals based on their nationality. I look forward to working with my colleagues to address these issues as this legislation moves forward. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2130, RED RIVER PRI-VATE PROPERTY PROTECTION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the rule for H.R. 2130, the ‘‘Red River Private Property Protection Act.’’ 
The President has announced that this bill 
will be vetoed in the event it reaches his desk. 
With just one legislative day before the cur-
rent continuing resolution expires on Decem-ber 11, we should be focusing all of our time and attention on matters that address the real problems and major concerns of the American people. 
And right now the American people are very 
concerned about the harm and threat posed by ‘‘lone wolf’’ and ‘‘franchise terrorists’’ that we saw in Paris last month and just last week in San Bernardino, California. 
These tragedies follow on the heels of mass 
shootings in Tucson, Aurora, Sandy Hook, Charleston, Chattanooga, Roseburg, Colorado Springs, and now, most recently, in San Bernardino, California. 
These senseless mass shootings remind us 
of the imperative of ending gun violence in our country. 
It is past time that we come together united 
by our common humanity and with this simple message: the violence must stop. 
And there are actions that can be taken to 
reduce gun violence beginning with the enact-ment of the bipartisan ‘‘Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Public Act of 2015’’ (H.R. 1076). 
This bipartisan legislation, which I am proud 
to co-sponsor, would close the dangerous loophole that allows terrorist suspects to le-gally buy deadly weapons. 
H.R. 1076 would bar the sale or distribution 
of firearms to any individual whom the Attor-ney General has determined to be engaged in terrorist activities. 
Mr. Speaker, if a person is considered by 
the federal government too dangerous to board an airplane or to enter the United States, he or she surely is too dangerous to be permitted to purchase or obtain a firearm. 
It is unconscionable that we have not acted 
to close the loophole in federal law that per-mits a terrorist lawfully to obtain and carry fire-arms. 
Mr. Speaker, according to a report by the 
Government Accountability Office, since 2004 more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s Ter-rorist Watchlist have successfully purchased weapons in the United States. 
It is simply intolerable that more than 90 
percent of all suspected terrorists who at-tempted to purchase guns in the last 11 years walked away with the weapon they wanted, with just 190 rejected despite their ominous histories. 
To close this loophole, I call upon Speaker 
R
YAN to bring H.R. 1076 to the floor imme-
diately. 
H.R. 1076 grants the Attorney General the 
authority to deny a firearms license to individ-uals for whom there is a reasonable belief that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.001 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1760 December 10, 2015 
the individual may use a firearm or explosive 
in connection with terrorist activity. 
This legislation was originally crafted in 
2007 and endorsed by President Bush’s Jus-tice Department, has bipartisan support in the House, and is supported by prominent Repub-licans and counter-terrorism & law enforce-ment experts. 
H.R. 1076 greatly reduces the likelihood that 
a terrorists can obtain some of the most lethal weapons in America. 
Right now a terrorist can buy a firearm in 
the parking lot of a gun show, over the inter-net, or through a newspaper ad without need-ing a background check. 
Mr. Speaker, you cannot be against crimi-
nals, terrorists and the dangerously mentally ill getting guns and be against H.R. 1076. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1076 will save lives and 
strengthen the rights of law-abiding gun own-ers. 
It deserves a vote in the House. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE FESTUS 
HIGH SCHOOL TIGERS FOR THEIR 2015 MISSOURI CLASS 3 BOYS CROSS COUNTRY STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Festus High School Tigers for their first place win in the 2015 Class 3 Boys Cross Country State Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the 
Festus Tigers for a job well done. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT THEODORE 
TRAVIS, SR. 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to pay tribute to Sergeant Theodore Travis, Sr., a man committed to duty and fam-ily, who lost his life in service to this nation. 
A Niagara Falls, New York native, Theodore 
Travis chose active-duty to support his young family after serving in the U.S. Army Re-serves. He was a member of an elite team, the 101st Airborne—a Screaming Eagle and initially traveled to Fort Campbell, leaving be-hind his wife, high school sweetheart Cynthia, and two young sons, Theodore Jr. and Stefan. Sergeant Travis left the United States with his unit on an assignment to aid peace negotia-tions between Egypt and Israel. 
Following their mission, Sergeant Travis and 
his comrades boarded a plane in high spirits and with great anticipation of returning to their families for Christmas. Tragically they never made it home. On December 12th, 1985, Arrow Air Flight 1285, carrying homeward bound members of the 3rd Battalion, 502nd Infantry Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 
crashed in Gander, Newfoundland. On that day 248 members of the 101st Airborne Divi-sion, including Sergeant Travis, were killed in the worst air disaster in U.S. military history. 
This year, as we recognize the 30th anni-
versary of this disaster, family, friends and the community will gather at New Hope Baptist Church in Niagara Falls to remember Ser-geant Travis, known to all as a ‘‘giver.’’ He gave help to his community, gave his faith to the church, gave his love to his wife and chil-dren, and gave himself in service to the mili-tary in defense of this country, in the name of peace abroad, and in hopes of giving his fam-ily a better life. 
So today, on behalf of a grateful nation, with 
a heavy heart we remember Sergeant Theo-dore Travis, Sr., who in selfless service to the United States of America, gave until he could give no more. Sergeant Travis, his family, and the others who lost their lives on Flight 1285 will be forever remembered for the great sac-rifices they have made. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE BRAHMA 
KUMARIS AND SISTER JENNA ON THE GRAND OPENING OF THE MEDITATION MUSEUM II 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate the Brahma Kumaris and Sister Jenna on the grand opening of the Meditation Museum II in Tysons Corner, Virginia. 
The Brahma Kumaris is a non-profit organi-
zation with over 9000 branches in 120 coun-tries. Founded in Hyderabad, Sindh in 1936, the Brahma Kumaris seeks to help individuals re-discover and strengthen their spirituality through self-reflection, meditation, and partici-pation in activities of social and humanitarian concerns. 
Sister Jenna began her spiritual journey with 
the Brahma Kumaris and is the founder and director of both the original Meditation Mu-seum in Silver Spring, Maryland as well as this new location in Tysons Corner. Sister Jenna and several of her colleagues created the ‘‘Pause for Peace’’ campaign which has expanded into new programs including the Pause for Peace in the Classroom and Pause for Peace Spaces. Sister Jenna’s commitment and influence have been recognized with nu-merous awards and proclamations including the President’s Lifetime National Community Service Award, the Every Day Hero Award, and the Friendship Archway Award. 
The benefits of meditation are scientifically 
proven. According to Psychology Today, medi-tation has been shown to increase immune function, decrease depression and anxiety and even positively affect higher-order cognitive functions in the brain. Perhaps the most pro-found aspects of mediation are those that can-not be measured scientifically. Self-aware-ness, inner-peace and tranquility, becoming one with your surroundings and your faith, and true acceptance of and respect for all others regardless of age, race, gender, religion, or economic status are but a few immeasurable and invaluable benefits. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating Sister Jenna and all who have worked to make the grand opening of 
the new Meditation Museum II a reality and in wishing them continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY AND CAROL 
ANDRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Larry and Carol Andress of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on September 25, 1965 at St. Patrick’s Church in Council Bluffs. 
Larry and Carol’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Dave, Teresa and Deb, along with their grandchildren, truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Andress family that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of this great state. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
HONORING MAUREEN NICHOLSON 
FOR HER SERVICE TO THE TOWN OF POMFRET, CT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to salute Maureen Nicholson’s more than thirty years of service to the Town of Pomfret, Con-necticut. Maureen has served in all corners of local leadership since she moved to Pomfret in 1988, most recently as the town’s First Se-lectman. 
From her start in Pomfret, Maureen was in-
volved in the Parent Teacher Organization, Recreation Commission, Democratic Town Committee, Planning and Zoning Commission, Board of Finance, and Tree Warden, among many more town and regional organizations. In 2009, she was elected to the Board of Se-lectmen, and in 2012 was elected First Select-man. 
During her years as First Selectman, 
Maureen secured almost half a million dollars in grants for the Town of Pomfret. She se-cured the town’s emergency shelter and began work to bring large-scale solar power to the town. Maureen saw the potential cost-sav-ings in collaborating with neighboring towns to share accounting and auditing services, and launched an innovative initiative with the Town of Brooklyn. It is this enterprising spirit that de-livered forward thinking policies to Pomfret, and the town and region have benefitted. 
Maureen also worked to increase aware-
ness for residents of Pomfret by founding and editing the Pomfret Times, and redesigning the town’s website to promote and inform resi-dents of the town’s resources and news. Her other non-governmental achievements include service on the Day Kimball Hospital Women’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.004 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1761 December 10, 2015 
Board, founding of the Pomfret Gardeners, 
membership on the Community Regional YMCA Board, and serving as Director of the Performing Arts of Northeastern Connecticut. 
I ask my colleagues to please rise to thank 
Maureen for her years of steadfast dedication. Although her leadership as First Selectman will surely be missed, I am confident that her commitment to Pomfret will continue in the years to come. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE BANK-
RUPTCY JUDGESHIP ACT OF 2015 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, the ‘‘Bank-
ruptcy Judgeship Act of 2015,’’ authorizes 6 additional permanent bankruptcy judgeships and converts 16 temporary bankruptcy judge-ships to permanent status, based on rec-ommendation of the Judicial Conference of the United States. With respect to the 6 additional permanent bankruptcy judgeships, they are authorized pursuant to section 3 of the bill as follows: 2 for the District of Delaware; 2 for the Eastern District of Michigan; and 2 for the Mid-dle District of Florida. With respect to the 16 conversions, they are authorized pursuant to section 2 of the bill for the following districts: 
5 for the District of Delaware; 2 for the Southern District of Florida; 3 for the District of Maryland; 1 for the Eastern District of Michigan; 1 for the District of Nevada; 1 for the Eastern District of North Carolina; 2 for the District of Puerto Rico; 1 for the Western District of Tennessee; and 1 for the Eastern District of Virginia. This legislation responds to a serious need. 
Since the last time additional bankruptcy judgeships were authorized, which was 10 years ago, the 6 districts that would be author-ized additional judicial resources by this bill have experienced a 55 percent increase in weighted filings, according to the Judicial Con-ference. 
All 16 of the temporary bankruptcy judge-
ships that the bill converts to permanent status are set to lapse as of May 25, 2017. As the Conference observes, ‘‘These bankruptcy courts would face a serious and, in many 
cases, debilitating workload crisis if their tem-porary judgeships were to expire.’’ 
The need for these additional judicial re-
sources is based on a comprehensive analysis performed by the Judicial Conference based on a formal survey of all judicial circuits con-ducted pursuant to section 152(b)(2) of title 28 of the United States Code. Criteria considered include the workload of each court, case filing statistics, and geographic factors, among other matters. CONGRATULATING THE 
HERCULANEUM HIGH SCHOOL BLACK CATS FOR THEIR SECOND PLACE FINISH IN THE 2015 MIS-SOURI CLASS 2 BOYS CROSS COUNTRY STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Herculaneum Black Cats for their second place finish in the 2015 Class 2 State Boys Cross Country Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home 2nd place to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the 
Herculaneum Black Cats for a job well done. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARGARET 
FLETCHALL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Margaret Fletchall on the celebration of her 102nd birth-day. Margaret celebrated her 102nd birthday on October 31, 2015 in Mount Ayr, Iowa. 
Our world has changed a great deal during 
the course of Margaret’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Margaret has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twenty-four Governors of Iowa. In her life-time, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Margaret in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 102nd birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Margaret for reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE VIRGINIA 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS SERVICES ON THE OPENING OF THE FAIRFAX VETERANS BENE-FITS OFFICE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate the Virginia Secretary of Veterans and Defense Affairs John C. Harvey, Jr. and Department of Veterans Services Benefits Di-rector Tom Herthel on the opening of the new Veterans Benefits office in Fairfax City. The 11th District of Virginia is home to al-
most 54,000 veterans. More than 70% are vet-erans of the wars in the Persian Gulf. The opening of this new center will ensure that they receive timely access to the benefits they have earned. 
The opening of this office is yet another 
step in addressing the needs of our veterans. While the statistics indicate that overall, vet-erans in the 11th District may be more eco-nomically or professionally secure, the dedi-cated men and women who have served our country in uniform are still plagued by the same issues that veterans around the country face including prolonged disability or appeal processing times, difficulty scheduling appoint-ments with the VA medical centers, and delays in receiving Post 9–11 GI Bill edu-cational benefits. We must do more to ensure that these issues and others are addressed and resolved. For our community, the statistics are encouraging. The percentage of unem-ployed veterans is 3.3%, two percentage points better than the national average. The percentage of veterans living below the pov-erty line is 2.2%, well below the national aver-age of 12.5%. More than 60% of veterans in this district have a bachelor’s degree or high-er, almost twice the national average. 
These numbers speak to the character of 
these individuals and also to the network of support services that have emerged in the 11th District. We, as a community, are united in our efforts to provide any and all assistance and guidance needed. 
Mr. Speaker, providing care for our men and 
women in uniform after they return home from the battlefield is a sacred obligation. I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the Vir-ginia Department of Veterans Services and its dedicated staff on the opening of this new Vet-erans Benefits Office, and I offer my continued support and assistance to these ongoing ef-forts. 
f 
OYSTER CREEK’S STAR TEACHER 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Brittany Mayland for being named a Star in the Classroom by the Houston Tex-ans. 
Ms. Mayland is a kindergarten teacher at 
Oyster Creek Elementary School in my home-town of Sugar Land, Texas. Her positive im-pact and commitment to her students led one of her students, Izabelle Paul, to nominate her for this award presented by the Houston Tex-
ans and First Community Credit Union. Her dedication to creating a fun and engaging learning environment shows her star quality in the classroom. The students at Oyster Creek are lucky to have her. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ms. Mayland for being named a Star in the Classroom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.006 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1762 December 10, 2015 
UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON, THE 
AMERICAN ATHLETIC CON-FERENCE FOOTBALL CHAMPIONS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, over the 
weekend, the University of Houston Cougars capped off their thrilling season with a 24–13 win against the Temple University Owls in the American Athletic Conference Championship Game. Houston won by 11 points and led from the very start of the game. With this win, the Cougars finished the regular season 12–1. They now face a matchup against the #9 Flor-ida State University Seminoles in the Chick- Fil-A Peach Bowl. 
What is most amazing about the Cougars 
successful season is the fact that it was engi-neered by a rookie head coach: Tom Herman. Herman is a former national championship winning offensive coordinator at Ohio State University and a previous recipient of the Broyles Award for the nation’s top assistant coach. He came to the University of Houston as a first-time head coach this season. This type of success in a coach’s first season is rare. Herman’s Houston team was led by its do-it-all quarterback, Greg Ward, Jr., who fin-ished the season with 2,590 passing yards, 16 touchdowns, and only 5 interceptions. The All- Conference quarterback also tacked on 1,041 rushing yards and 19 touchdown runs for good measure. The excitement of watching this team play brought me back to 1989, when Coach Jack Pardee’s run-and-shoot offense led the Cougars to a 9-win season and quar-terback Andre Ware took home the Heisman Trophy. 
Mr. Speaker, Tom Herman and the Houston 
Cougars aren’t finished just yet. After the Cou-gars New Year’s Eve duel with perennial pow-erhouse Florida State, the team will refocus its sights on coming back strong again next year. With the Cougars locking in Coach Herman to a contract extension and returning many of its key contributors, this team will be a force next year and hopefully for years to come. I look forward to spending December 31st ringing in the New Year with friends, family, and another Cougars victory. Go Cougars! 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF MOUNT OLIVE BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the 100th Anniversary of Mount Olive Baptist Church in Woodbridge, Virginia. 
On July 3, 1902, the late William Chin do-
nated a parcel of land for what would later be-come the site of Mount Olive Baptist Church. Initially, the site was used for the Agnewville Mission Sunday School. Under the leadership of Sister Florence Chin and Reverend Bras Clark, with the support of Neabsco and Ebe-nezer Baptist Churches, members of the com-munity established a Sunday school class for the residents of Agnewville. It was not until 
years later when the members of the Agnewville Mission Sunday School founded Mount Olive Baptist Church. The cornerstone for the church was laid on October 15, 1915. Together, Brother George W. Ray, Brother William Chin, Brother George Thomas, and 
other men from the congregation built the original church edifice on Telegraph Road. 
Since the founding of Mount Olive Baptist 
Church, six pastors have graced the pulpit leading the congregation in worship, praise, and discipleship. It is my honor to enter into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD the following 
names of each of the governing pastors of Mount Olive Baptist Church since the church’s founding in 1915: 
Reverend William Davis, Reverend William 
Tyler, Reverend George W. Pratt, Reverend Edward W. Burrell, Reverend Frederick L. Ray. Most recently, Reverend Clyde W. Ellis, Jr. was called to the pulpit on March 3, 2011, to lead the congregation. 
Reverend Ellis, the spiritual son of Rev-
erend Ray, became the sixth pastor of Mount Olive Baptist Church. Under Reverend Ellis’ leadership, Mount Olive has both literally and figuratively flourished beyond the walls of the sanctuary on Telegraph Road. With more than 400 members, Mount Olive’s weekly worship is temporarily being held at Freedom High School on Neabsco Mills Road until the con-struction of the new edifice is complete. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in celebrating the 100th Anniversary of Mount Olive Baptist Church. Pastor Ellis has nurtured a thriving congregation that will no doubt continue to grow and fulfill Mount Ol-ive’s mission of worship and praise. I would like to wish Pastor Ellis and his congregation the very best as they celebrate their heritage and plan for a successful future. 
f 
HONORING CORPORAL TIBOR 
RUBIN 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, on Saturday, December 5, 2015, the city of Garden Grove lost a genuine American hero when, Tibor ‘‘Teddy’’ Rubin, a Holocaust survivor and recipient of the Congressional Medal of Honor, passed away due to natural causes. He was 86 years old. 
Corporal Rubin began his extraordinary life 
on June 18, 1929, in Pastzo. Hungary. His fa-ther served in the Hungarian Army and was a veteran of the First World War. When Corporal Rubin was only 14 years old he was sent to the Mauthausen concentration camp in Aus-tria. He survived the 14 months of captivity until his prison camp was liberated by Amer-ican forces in May 1945. Tragically, his father, stepmother, and younger sister would perish. 
Corporal Rubin, immensely thankful for his 
liberation by American forces, wished to join the U.S. Army in order to repay the country that he felt he was so indebted to. After failing twice to enlist due to poor English, he was fi-nally able to join in 1948 as a rifleman with I Company, 8th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division. 
Corporal Rubin’s courage is made evident 
by his Medal of Honor citation. Corporal Rubin fought bravely and did everything to protect 
his brothers in arms. He distinguished himself on October 30, 1950, during a nighttime as-sault on his unit’s position by an overwhelming Chinese force. Corporal Rubin manned a .30 caliber machine gun and fended off the as-sault until his ammunition was exhausted. Be-cause of his valiant and selfless actions the Chinese assault was slowed and his unit was able to successfully escape the overwhelming enemy force. Corporal Rubin would be se-verely wounded and taken as a prisoner of war. He chose to remain a prisoner rather than taking a Chinese offer to be sent back to his native Hungary. Corporal Rubin risked tor-ture and execution on multiple occasions in order to retrieve food and aid for his fellow im-prisoned Soldiers. His horrific experience as a Holocaust survivor gave him the skills nec-essary to remain hopeful and keep himself and his comrades alive in a terrible situation. 
Unfortunately, because of an anti-Semitic 
superior, Corporal Rubin’s courageous military service would go unrecognized for another 55 years. He would finally be awarded the Medal of Honor on September 23, 2005, for his he-roic actions in the Korean peninsula. 
Corporal Rubin is survived by his wife, 
Yvonne, and his two children Frank and Rosalyn Rubin. He was a proud American and the kind of model citizen we should all strive to be. Corporal Rubin, despite everything he went through in life, preserved his optimism and his terrific sense of humor. His extraor-dinary immigrant story is an inspiration to us all. His passing is a great loss for our country, but his memory will forever live on. 
f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO 
REQUIRE THE LIBRARY OF CON-GRESS TO INSTALL THE D.C. SEAL IN THE MAIN READING ROOM OF THE THOMAS JEFFER-SON BUILDING 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce a bill to require the Library of Congress to install the District of Columbia seal in the Main Reading Room of the Thomas Jefferson Building of the Library of Congress. The Li-brary is one of the few buildings in the District that remains open to the public on most holi-days. It provides not only D.C. residents but visitors and researchers from across the na-tion with access to incomparable resources. The bill requires the Library to depict the Dis-trict’s seal on the stained-glass windows in the Main Reading Room, where the seals of all the states and territories that existed when the building was constructed, except for the Dis-trict, are depicted. D.C.’s seal was readily available at that time and should have been included. The seals of Hawaii and Alaska are not included in the display because they were not states or territories when the building was constructed. The fact that these two states were not part of the Union at the time of the creation of the stained-glass windows argues for the inclusion of the District, which, after all, was in fact the nation’s capital at the time. We are asking that omission of D.C. be corrected immediately. This omission was brought to my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.010 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1763 December 10, 2015 
attention by a District resident, Luis Landau, a 
former docent at the Library. 
The residents of the District have always 
had all the obligations of American citizenship, including paying federal taxes and serving in all the nation’s wars, including the War of 1812, during which the Capitol building, which then housed the Library of Congress, was burned, prompting construction of the current Library of Congress building with the state and territory seals. It is, therefore, without question that the District and its residents should re-ceive equal treatment among the stained-glass windows that portray the history of the United States. D.C. residents deserve to have their history and American citizenship recognized. 
There is existing evidence that the seal of 
the District should have been depicted. The Members of Congress room in the Jefferson Building, which is not open to the public, has a painted depiction of the D.C. seal, along with state seals, on its ceiling. This precedent reinforces our request to be represented among the stained-glass windows in the Main Reading Room, which is open to the public. There is no reason why the D.C. seal cannot be added with the planned restoration of the stained-glass. The right time to add the seal of the District would be during the planned res-toration. 
Congress already includes the District of 
Columbia, or has corrected the omission of the District, when honoring the states. For ex-ample, the District of Columbia War Memorial honors District residents who served in World War I, the World War II Memorial includes a column representing the District, the flag of the District is displayed among the flags of the fifty states in the tunnel connecting the House office buildings to the Capitol, and D.C.’s Frederick Douglass statue now sits in the Capitol alongside statues from the 50 states. The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 requires the armed services to display the District flag whenever the flags of the states are displayed. Legislation was also enacted to give D.C. a coin after it was omitted from legislation creating coins for the 50 states. We also successfully worked with the U.S. Postal Service to create a D.C. stamp, like the stamps for the 50 states, and worked with the National Park Service to add the D.C. flag alongside the state flags across from Union Station. It is long overdue to dis-play the D.C. seal, along with the seals of the states, in the Main Reading Room of the Li-brary of Congress. 
I urge support of this legislation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, on December 9, 
2015, I was unable to vote on roll call votes 681, 682, and 683. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on consideration of the resolution, ‘‘yea’’ on ordering the previous questions, and ‘‘yea’’ on agreeing to the reso-lution. TRIBUTE TO EDWIN AND BARBARA 
BLANK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Edwin and Barbara Blank of Shenandoah, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wed-ding anniversary. They were married in 1965. 
Edwin and Barbara’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Blanks that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
HONORING VALARIE M CCALL ON 
THE OCCASION OF HER APPOINT-MENT TO THE CHAIR OF THE AMERICAN PUBLIC TRANSIT AS-SOCIATION (APTA) 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
congratulate Ms. Valarie McCall on her ap-pointment to the Chair of the American Public Transportation Association (APTA). APTA strengthens and improves our public transpor-tation to ensure that all Americans have ac-cess to that option in their communities across our nation. Valarie is a great model for all as-piring public servants across the country, and is deserving of our recognition and gratitude for this achievement. 
Valarie began her distinguished public serv-
ice career as the Director of Cleveland’s Em-powerment Zone, where she managed a $200 million budget and worked to advance job planning and placement initiatives, as well as providing financing to businesses. She was also the youngest city clerk for Cleveland’s City Council and served on a countless num-ber of boards benefitting her community. Today, Valarie serves as the Chief of Govern-ment and International Affairs for the City of Cleveland. As the first person to hold this po-sition, she acts as a liaison between the May-or’s Office and State and Local Governments, Federal Agencies, and international organiza-tions. 
With her in-depth public service experience, 
I have no doubt that APTA will benefit tremen-dously from Valarie’s Chairmanship. Her na-tional appointment makes Ohio proud. 
I ask my colleagues in the House to join me 
in recognizing her distinguished record of pub-lic service. EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR H.R. 
1076 ‘‘DENYING FIREARMS AND EXPLOSIVES TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS ACT OF 2015’’ 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the past 
few months have been marked by senseless violence across the globe and in our own country from Tuscon, Aurora, Sandy Hook, Charleston, Chattanooga, Roseburg, and now most recently in San Bernardino, California. 
It is past time that we come together united 
by our common humanity and with this simple message: the violence must stop! The sense-less mass shootings in Paris and San Bernardino remind us of the imperative of end-ing gun violence in our country. And there are actions that can be taken to reduce gun vio-lence beginning with the enactment of the bi-partisan ‘‘Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Public Act of 2015’’ (H.R. 1076). 
This bipartisan legislation, which I am proud 
to co-sponsor, would close the dangerous loophole that allows terrorist suspects to le-gally buy deadly weapons. H.R. 1076 would bar the sale or distribution of firearms to any individual whom the Attorney General has de-termined to be engaged in terrorist activities. It also would grant the Attorney General the au-thority to deny a firearms license to individuals for whom there is a reasonable belief that the individual may use a firearm or explosive in connection with terrorist activity. 
Mr. Speaker, according to a report by the 
Government Accountability Office, since 2004 more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s Ter-rorist Watchlist have successfully purchased weapons in the United States. It is simply in-tolerable that more than 90 percent of all sus-pected terrorists who attempted to purchase guns in the last 11 years walked away with the weapon they wanted, with just 190 re-jected despite their ominous histories. 
This legislation was originally crafted in 
2007 and endorsed by President Bush’s Jus-tice Department, has bipartisan support in the House, and is supported by prominent Repub-licans and counter-terrorism & law enforce-
ment experts. 
H.R. 1076 greatly reduces the likelihood that 
terrorists can obtain some of the most lethal weapons in America. Right now a terrorist can buy a firearm in the parking lot of a gun show, over the internet, or through a newspaper ad without needing a background check. 
Mr. Speaker, you cannot be against crimi-
nals, terrorists and the dangerously mentally ill getting guns and be against H.R. 1076. I thank Congressmen P
ETER KING(R–NY) and 
MIKETHOMPSON (D–CA) for introducing this bi-
partisan legislation (H.R. 1076). 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1076 will save lives and 
strengthen the rights of law-abiding gun own-ers. It deserves a vote in the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.012 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1764 December 10, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 HONOREES 
OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY BRANCH OF THE NAACP 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the 2015 Honorees of the Fair-fax County Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). The Fairfax Branch is recognized as the NAACP’s first rural chapter. In 1915, a few brave African American citizens in Falls Church, Virginia, fought a proposed ordinance that would have segregated housing. They called themselves the Colored Citizens Protec-tive League (CCPL) and the group evolved to become the Fairfax County Branch of the NAACP. Since its inception, the NAACP has promoted equal rights and justice for all and has shown a spotlight on issues of great im-portance including civil rights, education, vot-ing rights, desegregation, and prison reform. I have been honored to work with this organiza-tion and pledge my continued support of our shared goals. 
Each year, the Fairfax County NAACP hon-
ors several deserving individuals and organi-zations that have shown extraordinary support of the Branch or the community. I am honored to submit the names of the following award winners: 
President’s Awardees: Cassie Marcotty, Abby Conde, Anna 
Rowan, Lidia Amanuel, and Marley Finley. These high school student leaders formed ‘‘Students of Change,’’ now known as CAALM (an acronym of their initials), to spearhead the initiative to rename JEB Stuart High School as Thurgood Marshall High and to remove all symbols and mascots that honor the Confed-erate Legacy. 
The President’s Award will also be pre-
sented to Virginia House of Delegates mem-ber Scott A. Surovell of the 44th District, for his exceptional leadership and support to the communities of Hybla Valley and Gum Springs in southern Fairfax County. 
Community Service Awardees: Debbie Kilpatrick for her exceptional leader-
ship, advocacy, and dedication as President of the Fairfax County Council of PTAs. 
Celeste Peterson for establishing the Erin 
Peterson Scholarship Fund and her devotion to the Young Men’s Leadership Group at Westfield High School. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating the 2015 honorees of the Fairfax County NAACP and in thanking them for their tremendous contributions to our youth and our community. 
f 
SISTER CITY AGREEMENT BE-
TWEEN COLUMBUS AND ACCRA, GHANA 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the signing of a sister city agreement between the City of Columbus and Accra, Ghana on 
November 30, 2015. 
This is Columbus’ tenth sister city agree-
ment, but it is momentous because it is the city’s first such agreement with a city on the African continent. I was privileged to attend and participate in the signing ceremony be-tween Columbus Mayor Michael Coleman and Accra Mayor Alfred Vanderpuije. 
Columbus, a diverse city, is home to nearly 
10,000 people of Ghanaian descent and this partnership reinforces already firmly estab-lished ties between Columbus and Accra building economic, educational and cultural di-versity between the two municipalities. 
I am also proud to inform my colleagues 
that Franklin University and The Ohio State University are working with educational institu-tions in Ghana to create even greater aca-demic and cultural exchanges. 
As a City known for the Arts, Columbus’ 
King Arts Complex is also working on a formal agreement to foster a relationship with the Ghana National Theatre. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend the cities of Co-
lumbus, Ohio and Accra, Ghana for this his-toric agreement and look forward to a long and prosperous partnership. 
f 
S. 1177, THE EVERY STUDENT 
SUCCEEDS ACT 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of the Conference Report for S. 1177, the Every Student Succeeds Act, a bill which re-authorizes the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) through 2020 and re-places the misguided No Child Left Behind (NCLB) policy. 
This bill makes important changes to ESEA 
by including student and school supports in state accountability plans, supporting respon-sible efforts to reduce over-testing, and requir-ing states to provide the public with informa-tion on school discipline and expulsion rates, which we know disproportionately impacts stu-dents of color. S. 1177 also maintains critical provisions about overall student performance by setting clear goals for achievement and graduation rates, targeting funds to at-risk chil-dren such as English Language Learners, and helping states to increase teacher quality by providing on-going professional development. 
Yet I am concerned that this bill shifts the 
majority of power and oversight from the fed-eral government to the states and does not do enough to protect disadvantaged, minority, LGBT, low-income, and migrant students. A strong Federal role is critical to ensuring that minority and underserved students get the support they need to succeed. And as a mem-ber of the Congressional Asian Pacific Amer-ican Caucus, I am concerned that this bill fails to include a requirement to disaggregate data within groups of Asian American Pacific Is-lander (AAPI) students. This is critical to en-suring that AAPI students receive the support they need. Moreover, S. 1177 fails to include strong accountability measures to ensure that schools address resource equity gaps. 
As Members of Congress, we have a 
shared obligation to ensure that our education system provides equity and excellence for all 
students, closes the achievement gap, and prepares our students for a 21st century work-force. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HAROLD AND LYLA 
MCCURDY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Harold and Lyla McCurdy for their service to the Congregate Meals Pro-gram of Panora, Iowa. 
Lyla got her start at Congregate Meals as a 
part-time kitchen worker and bookkeeper. She is now responsible for all of the bookkeeping, organization, and set up each day. Her hus-band Harold now volunteers his time by orga-nizing the carryout meals and doing what he can to help in the kitchen. The Congregate Meal program was created around 40 years ago in Panora. They now prepare hot and healthy meals each day for the community. 
Mr. Speaker, Harold and Lyla’s willingness 
to donate their time and talents to this pro-gram is a great testament to the Iowa spirit. I am honored to represent them and Iowans like them in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Har-old and Lyla for their service and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF GUY LEWIS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Thanks-
giving is meant to remind us of all the things in our lives we’re grateful for. For many, this year’s Thanksgiving came and went in its usual form: spent in the presence of loved ones and those who are closest to our hearts. But for others, this Thanksgiving was spent under a bittersweet shadow. Early that morn-ing, Houstonians, Cougar alumni, basketball fans, and many others bid farewell to a leg-end: Guy Lewis. 
Guy Lewis was more than just a basketball 
coach. His innovations, both on and off the court, left ripples in our society that we still feel today. He was born in a tiny town in East Texas, where he lived until enlisting in the Army during World War II. Following the war, Lewis enrolled at the University of Houston, my alma mater, and joined the basketball team. He was instantly one of the best players on the team, averaging over 21 points per game as he led the Cougars to a conference championship. After college he worked as an assistant coach at UH under then-coach Alden Pasche. After Pasche’s retirement in 1956, Lewis was appointed the new head coach of the Cougars; and the rest, as they say, is his-tory. 
Under Lewis’ 30-year watch, the Cougars 
enjoyed one of the best spells in collegiate basketball history. He led his teams to 27 straight winning seasons, 14 NCAA tour-nament appearances, 5 Final Fours, and two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE8.025 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1765 December 10, 2015 
NCAA title games. Though he never won a 
national title, he is still universally recognized as one of the greatest coaches in the history of the game. Despite all of his successes on the court, it was his actions off the court that many use to define Coach Lewis’ lasting leg-acy. 
Prior to Guy Lewis, the University of Hous-
ton had never had an African-American player in its basketball program. According to former All-American, NBA All-Star, and member of Houston’s first desegregated basketball team, Elvin Hayes, Lewis ‘‘put everything on the line to step out and integrate his program.’’ It was trailblazing like this and his fearless attitude that set Coach Lewis apart from the rest. Guy Lewis didn’t care about what people thought, but he cared about doing what was right for his players and his school. He dedicated 40 years to the university as a student and as a coach, from his first day of college in 1946 through his last day as a coach in 1986. Even after his retirement Lewis was heavily involved with the school and its athletic department. His 
dedication to the institution he called home, the institution he helped evolve for the better, never once wavered. 
I remember sitting in the stands of the As-
trodome in 1968 watching the ‘‘Game of the Century’’ that Coach Lewis helped organize. The undefeated UCLA Bruins, led by leg-endary coach John Wooden, came into the game riding a 47-game winning streak. This was the first nationally televised regular sea-son collegiate basketball game in the history of the sport. Over 52,000 fans—myself in-cluded—went to the game, which set the record for the largest basketball crowd in his-tory. I remember that game fondly. I can still see Coach Lewis on the sideline waving his red, polka-dotted towel that he seemed to al-ways have with him. Led by the previously mentioned Elvin Hayes, the Houston Cougars went on to win 71–69. 
After coaching the Cougars to back-to-back 
Final Fours in 1967 and ’68, he then guided his team to a trio of Final Fours in 1982, ’83, and ’84. Those teams, known simply as ‘‘Phi Slama Jama,’’ featured superstars Clyde Drexler and Hakeem Olajuwon, two members of both the NCAA and NBA Halls of Fame. Those teams emphasized a fast-paced, excit-ing style of play that helped revolutionize the game forever. 
When remembering Coach Lewis, we 
needn’t just remember the legendary wins or the legendary players that he coached, but also his integrity and dedication. Whether it was his innovative work on the court or off, all of us familiar with the life of Coach Lewis have nothing but fond memories of the man. His legacy will live on. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 
HERCULANEUM HIGH SCHOOL BLACK CATS FOR THEIR SECOND PLACE FINISH IN THE 2015 MIS-SOURI CLASS 2 GIRLS CROSS COUNTRY STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Herculaneum Black Cats for 
their second place finish in the 2015 Class 2 State Girls Cross Country Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the sec-ond place win to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the 
Herculaneum Black Cats for a job well done. 
f 
GLENN HALL ON HIS 90TH 
BIRTHDAY 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, heartiest 
congratulations to Glenn Hall on the occasion of his 90th birthday and a lifetime of teaching and learning. His career in education began in a one-room schoolhouse in 1954, but he has taught every grade level, including graduate school, since then. While teaching at a Florida community college, in 1961, he received a Fulbright grant to teach English and American history in the Netherlands. Upon his return, he heard of the opening of a new community col-lege in Bucks County, Pennsylvania and in 1965 was among the first instructors hired. During a 35-year teaching career at Bucks County Community College in Newtown Town-ship, he also was Dean of Academic Affairs for 14 years. And in 1976 he was among the first group of educators to visit China after the communist takeover in 1949. As we congratu-late Glenn Hall on this milestone birthday, we express our gratitude for his honorable service in the U.S. Navy and his contributions to the academic community and especially the stu-dents he inspired. May his future be filled with good health, happiness and new adventures. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,789,064,366,804.18. We’ve 
added $8,162,187,317,891.10 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING THE EL PASO 
VETERANS’ TREATMENT COURT 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to rise today in recognition of the El Paso Vet-erans’ Treatment Court Program, presided over by the Honorable Angie Juarez Barill and operating out of the 346th District Court of El 
Paso, Texas. I am pleased to recognize the El Paso Veterans’ Treatment Court Program as an initiative that works hard to ‘‘leave no vet-eran behind and honor their service.’’ 
As the second program of its kind in the 
state of Texas, the El Paso Veterans’ Treat-ment Court Program has provided resources to numerous Veterans in the criminal justice system. Since 2009, the initiative has aided el-igible Veterans and active duty Service Mem-bers who are charged with misdemeanor criminal offenses; in 2012 the program was expanded to include felony criminal offenses. The participants are diverted from the tradi-tional criminal justice system and are as-sessed for substance abuse and mental health issues. Upon meeting program entrance re-quirements, participants receive an individual-ized treatment plan and attend frequent review hearings before the program judge. 
In addition to providing comprehensive sub-
stance abuse and mental health treatment, the five phase program also includes officials from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to de-termine the Veteran participants’ eligibility for further aid. The Veterans Benefits Administra-tion assesses the Veteran for disability com-pensation, education benefits, and vocational rehabilitation qualifications. The Veterans Health Administration also assesses the Vet-eran to determine eligibility for housing and medical services. The program operates on a personal level as well, in order to address em-ployment opportunities and individual needs. 
The El Paso Veterans’ Treatment Court Pro-
gram provides an alternative route for Vet-erans and active duty Service Members in the criminal justice system. The initiative practices a holistic approach, providing resources, ad-dressing treatment concerns and engaging in judicial monitoring. These necessary tools help participants engage in society as law-abiding citizens. The initiative has been widely suc-cessful in El Paso and recently received the prestigious Texas Veterans Commission Pa-triot Award in recognition of their diligence. I am proud that programs such as the El Paso Veterans’ Treatment Court exist in my district and are available to help those who served our country. 
f 
BRINGING FFA GOLD TO 
PEARLAND 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Evann Wehman of Turner High School for winning her second state cham-pionship at the Texas Future Farmers of America (FFA) Leadership Development Events Competition. 
Evann, who is also her school’s FFA Presi-
dent, won the state competition last weekend at Sam Houston State University. Her victory at the state competition earned her a spot at the National FFA Convention next October in Indianapolis. Evann has a history of success as part of the horse judging team that won the first ever state championship by Pearland FFA students. That team went on to national suc-cess and placed eighth in the nation. Her im-pressive accomplishments reflect her hard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.020 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1766 December 10, 2015 
work and will carry her far in her future en-
deavors. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Evann on her second state FFA champion-ship. Best of luck in all of your future endeav-ors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ARTS COUNCIL 
OF FAIRFAX COUNTY AND THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2015 ARTS AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the Arts Council of Fairfax County and the recipients of its 2015 Arts Awards. These awards recognize the extraordinary contribu-tions of artists and arts organizations, as well as individuals and businesses in Fairfax Coun-ty, the City of Fairfax, and the City of Falls Church, that support the arts in our commu-nity. 
Founded in 1964, the Arts Council of Fairfax 
County is a non-profit organization designated as Fairfax County’s local arts agency. The Arts Council operates programs and initiatives that include grants, arts advocacy, education, and professional development opportunities for artists and arts organizations. In fiscal year 14, the Arts Council awarded more than $500,000 in County, public, and private funds through competitive grants and awards to arts organi-zations and individual artists. These grants helped to fund approximately 13,000 perform-ances, which were attended by more than 1 million people. I also would like to express my appreciation to the Arts Council for its stead-fast support of the 11th District Congressional Arts Competition, which has helped make it one of the largest and most successful in the country. 
The annual Arts Awards honor supporters of 
the arts in four categories: the Jinx Hazel Arts Award, the Arts Achievement Award, the Emerging Arts Award, and the Arts Philan-thropy Award. It is my honor to submit the fol-lowing names of the 2015 Arts Awards Recipi-ents: 
The 2015 Jinx Hazel Arts Award will be pre-
sented to Earle C. Williams, the former presi-dent and chief executive officer of BDM Inter-national, for his outstanding leadership and advocacy in the arts and in the Campaign for Wolf Trap. 
The 2015 Arts Achievement Award will be 
presented to Rebecca Kamen, a contemporary visual artist, sculptor, and a pioneer of the STEAM effort to integrate Arts in the tradi-tional Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math, or STEM fields, for her outstanding achievements bridging the arts and education with chemistry, neuroscience, and astro-physics. 
The 2015 Emerging Arts Award will be pre-
sented to the Vienna Jammers for providing exemplary outreach to area youth and partici-pating in community building activities in the Town of Vienna and the Washington, D.C. area. 
The 2015 Arts Philanthropy Award will be 
presented to Richard Hausler, co-founder and CEO of Insight Property Group, for his vision, commitment, and leadership in establishing a 
new arts facility, the Workhouse Arts Center, in southern Fairfax County. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating the recipients of the 2015 Arts Awards and in recognizing and thanking the visionaries, leaders, and supporters who help to make our Northern Virginia commu-nities rich with cultural opportunities. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ED AND LOIS 
FIGGINS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ed and Lois Figgins of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding armiversary. They were married in 1965. 
Ed and Lois’ lifelong commitment to each 
other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Figgins family that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of this great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
REMEMBERING FRANK HERHOLD 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of a Fort Lauderdale resident who dedicated his life to serving his family and community: Frank Herhold, who passed away at the age of 76 on Saturday, December 5th. 
Frank was a devoted family man and promi-
nent member of the South Florida boating community. He started his career in the ma-rine industry as the owner of the Anchorage Yacht Basin in Melbourne, Florida and later became the executive director of Marine In-dustries Association of South Florida (MIASF), where he worked until he retired. 
In his retirement, Frank’s passion for boat-
ing continued. Prior to his passing, Frank at-tended the 2015 Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show and served on the city of Fort Lau-derdale’s marine advisory board. In 2010, Frank was the commodore of the Winterfest Boat Parade and recognized as ‘‘Citizen of the Year’’ by the city of Fort Lauderdale in 2007. 
Frank is survived by many loved ones. I 
offer my condolences to Frank’s wife Mary Jo, his daughter Pam, and all his friends and fam-ily. I know that his legacy will continue to live on and inspire future generations. SERBIA STEPS UP AT A CRITICAL 
TIME 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Serbia’s re-
cent donation of $5.4 million to the Bosnian town of Srebrenica, where thousands of Mus-lims were killed in the Yugoslav Wars, is a clear sign that the Serbian Government wants to do what they can to improve relationships with countries in the region. Mending these re-lationships is especially important as the Bal-kans are on the front lines of the refugee cri-sis. As of the beginning of November, the same month that President Vucic announced this large donation, over 300,000 refugees had flowed through the country since the beginning of the year. Most refugees are fleeing Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan and travelling to Europe to seek asylum. Serbia is doing their part to process and protect these people. In October alone, 180,307 refugees were processed com-pared to 51,048 in September because of Ser-bia’s commitment to improving capacity. 
It is critical for countries in the region to 
work together to process the influx of refugees while ensuring the safety of their own coun-tries and the world. The Balkans are a transit region making it important for all the countries to have an open line of communication in order to ensure the ordered, safe, and peace-ful flow of people and is especially important for bordering countries. 
Serbia’s gesture to Bosnia is hopefully a 
signal of relationships on the mend at this very tense time in the world. While the importance of Balkan countries working together cannot be underemphasized, it is also of utmost im-portance for all freedom-loving countries throughout the world to work together to fight ISIS, a big factor in the flow of migrants and a threat to our way of life, in which all lives are cherished. Every country must do their part. We must all come together and obliterate this scourge on our world. 
As co-chair of the Congressional Serbian 
Caucus, I commend the Serbian Government for all that they have done to mend their rela-tionships in the region and for their leadership during this incredibly trying time. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
CELEBRATING BIRTH OF BLAKELY 
ELIZABETH HERBERT 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate my Legislative Director, Jason Herbert, and his wife, Erin Kathleen Herbert, on the birth of their daughter, Blakely Eliza-beth Herbert. 
Blakely was born at 2:17 p.m. on Sunday, 
December 6, 2015. Miss Blakely weighed in at a perfect 7 pounds and 10 ounces. 
As my Legislative Director, Blakely’s father, 
Jason, has been key to my legislative oper-ation. Jason’s stalwart attention to details, and his remarkable ability to stay alert during long and late night Rules Committee hearings and floor debates will serve him well as a father. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.024 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1767 December 10, 2015 
My entire staff has awaited this good news 
with eager anticipation of Jason and Erin be-coming parents. Blakely is fortunate to have such a loving father and mother. 
Congratulations and best wishes to Jason 
and Erin and their entire family on this won-derful addition. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE LUTHERAN 
HIGH SCHOOL COUGARS FOR THEIR 2015 MISSOURI CLASS 2 VOLLEYBALL STATE CHAMPION-SHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Lutheran High School Cougars for their first place win in the 2015 Class 2 Volleyball State Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the Lu-
theran High School Cougars for a job well done. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHET ROED 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Chet Roed of Mount Ayr, Iowa, for being selected as a member of the Mount Ayr Community Hall of Fame. 
Chet taught industrial arts at the Mount Ayr 
school system for over 30 years. He is cred-ited by many in the community for teaching them how to take care of their homes, and to this day, years after his retirement, Chet re-mains highly respected by his former students for the knowledge he imparted onto them. He not only contributed to the Mount Ayr commu-nity in the classroom, but also in athletics. For years he led the track and football teams to postseason success. 
Mr. Speaker, Chad’s efforts embody the 
Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him, and Iowans like him, in the United States Con-gress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Chet for his achieve-ments and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
DEMANDING A MEANINGFUL 
STRATEGY TO DEFEAT ISIS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, the Presi-
dent has repeatedly underestimated ISIS, and under-responded to the threat they pose. The American people have lost confidence. For months we have heard the same refrain 
from the White House. They say, ‘‘We will de-grade and ultimately destroy ISIS.’’ 
There has been little progress, if any. Top 
U.S. military officials have confirmed that ISIS is far from contained. 
When the President addressed the nation 
from the Oval Office on Sunday, Americans needed to hear a real strategy to eradicate ISIS. The speech came just days after an act of terror here at home. Instead of a plan, our Commander in Chief delivered the same empty rhetoric. 
The United States must show our inter-
national partners that we are committed to de-feating ISIS. The first step is for the President to outline a plan to destroy them . . . not de-grade them. 
Until that point, the vacuum of American 
leadership will continue to grow, and so will the influence of ISIS. 
f 
IN HONOR OF TOM AND CHAR-
LOTTE OLEINIK’S GOLDEN ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, if there 
was a first couple of servant leadership and a model for a successful marriage, it would be Tom and Charlotte Oleinik of Huntsville, Texas. Today, I have the pleasure of honoring them on their Golden Wedding Anniversary and sharing just a bit of their half a century long love story. 
Tom was born the fifth of 12 children in 
Rosholt, Wisconsin, worked on his family’s dairy farm and attended a one-room school-house. He served his country in Korea, at Fort Devins, and Fort Drum, before returning to the farm and then applying to protect and serve as a member of the Wisconsin Highway Pa-trol. 
Native Texan Charlotte Fisher was a Christ-
mastime gift to her parents, who ran a Goose Creek rice farm where she grew up with her two younger siblings. She went to work and then college in Florida after graduating from high school. That decision to attend Florida College and to spend a summer in Wisconsin with her roommate would change the course of her life forever. 
That summer Charlotte worked days at 
American Motors and nights and weekends, she waitressed at the Timber Ridge Cafe ´ 
where little did she know then a 50 year love story was about to begin when a handsome young state patrolman walked through the door. 
Tom, being a very smart man, asked the 
beautiful waitress on a date, but after a few dates, Charlotte took ill and needed surgery. While she was hospitalized, a certain man in uniform was a frequent visitor, often arriving with flowers. 
According to Tom it took a lot of pro-
posing—and a lot of no’s—to get a yes from his beloved Charlotte. Charlotte remembers it a little differently, but after Tom was baptized in 1965, this happy young couple got engaged and wed in Kenosha, Wisconsin on December 17, 1965. 
They went back to Florida College together 
and then moved to Texas where Tom worked with Charlotte’s father while waiting to attend 
and graduate from the Academy. After receiv-ing his badge as a Texas trooper, Tom and Charlotte settled in Corrigan, Texas, where they raised three boys of their own and took in many troubled teenagers in a home full of love and operated a family business in addi-tion to their full time jobs. 
After a transfer to Brazoria County, Char-
lotte worked in the Angleton School District while their boys finished school. Then Tom re-tired and Huntsville won the lottery when this wonderful couple chose to call the town home. 
Charlotte and Tom’s impact on Walker 
County has been lasting, after moving to Huntsville they created the HEARTS Veterans Museum, a gem for the Texas 8th and con-tinue to this day to be pillars in the community. Their servant leadership in our Lord’s name and the love they radiate has set an amazing example for us all. 
And I believe their 3 children, 17 grand-
children, a great grandson and the many trou-bled teens they have cared for would agree. The U.S. House congratulates you on cele-brating your 50th wedding anniversary. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR H.R. 
1217 ‘‘PUBLIC SAFETY AND SEC-OND AMENDMENT RIGHTS PRO-TECTION ACT OF 2015’’ 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the past 
few months have been marked by senseless violence and tragedy across the globe and in our own country from Tuscon, Aurora, Sandy Hook, Charleston, Chattanooga, Roseburg, and now most recently in San Bernardino, California. 
It is past time that we come together united 
by our common humanity and with this simple message: the violence must stop. 
The senseless mass shooting in San 
Bernardino reminds us of the imperative of ending gun violence in our country. 
And there are actions that can be taken to 
reduce gun violence beginning with the enact-ment of the bipartisan ‘‘Public Safety and Sec-ond Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015’’ (H.R. 1217). 
This bipartisan legislation, which I am proud 
to be an original co-sponsor, will help prevent guns from falling into the hands of criminals and reinforce the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding gun owners. 
Expanding the existing background check 
system to cover all commercial firearm sales, the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015 ensures that criminals and the dangerously mentally ill can-not slip through background check loopholes that endanger the safety and rights of every American. 
H.R. 1217 greatly reduces the number of 
places where a criminal can buy a gun. 
Right now a criminal can buy a firearm in 
the parking lot of a gun show, over the inter-net, or through a newspaper ad without need-ing a background check. 
The bill closes these loopholes while ensur-
ing that background checks are conducted in the same way federally licensed dealers have for more than 40 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.028 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1768 December 10, 2015 
The legislation also strengthens the Second 
Amendment rights of law-abiding gun owners by banning the government from creating a federal registry and makes the misuse of records a felony, punishable by up to 15 years in prison. 
It provides reasonable exceptions for family 
and friend transfers and allows active military personnel to buy guns in the state they are stationed. 
It lets gun owners use a state concealed 
carry permit issued within the last five years in lieu of a background check and permits inter-state handgun sales from licensed dealers. 
The bill also improves the National Instant 
Criminal Background Check System (NICS) by incentivizing states to improve reporting of criminals and the dangerously mentally ill and by directing future grant funds toward better record-sharing systems. 
H.R. 1217 will also reduce federal funds to 
states that do not comply. 
Mr. Speaker, you cannot be against crimi-
nals, terrorists and the dangerously mentally ill getting guns and be against background checks. 
I thank Congressmen P
ETER KING(R–NY) 
and M IKETHOMPSON (D–CA) for introducing 
this bipartisan legislation (H.R. 1217), which is the House companion to an identical bipar-tisan bill introduced previously by Senators J
OEMANCHIN (D–WV) and P ATTOOMEY (R– 
PA). 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1217 is anti-crime, pro- 
lawful gun owner and pro-Second Amend-ment. 
It will save lives and strengthen the rights of 
law-abiding gun owners. 
It deserves a vote in the House. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 MVLE 
AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 2015 MVLE Annual Award Recipi-ents. 
For 44 years, MVLE has provided employ-
ment opportunities and support services to in-dividuals with disabilities and thereby created an environment which has allowed its clients to live in dignity and as independently as pos-sible. MVLE has achieved this success by partnering with local businesses as well as with government agencies and other not-for- profit organizations to maximize the benefits of its various programs and services. MVLE, its staff, and dedicated volunteers and supporters can be proud that they are making a positive difference in someone’s life every day. 
Each year, MVLE honors individual partici-
pants, as well as business and community partners, who exemplify MVLE’s ideals. I am pleased to submit the names of the following 2015 award recipients: 
The President’s Award is presented to indi-
viduals who have shown outstanding progress toward gaining independence and self-suffi-ciency through participation in employment and community services. The 2015 President’s Award recipients are Anis Iqbal, Steven Pen-nington, and Josh Renggli. 
The Chairman’s Award is presented to an 
outstanding business partner who has shown excellence in hiring practices, creating sup-
portive work environments, and supporting the mission of MVLE. The 2015 Chairman’s Award recipients are Ah Love Oil and Em-bassy Suites Springfield. 
MVLE also presents four Community 
Awards in honor of the four components of our community: Government, Employment, Social Responsibility, and Integration. 
The Government Champion Award is pre-
sented to Parsons in recognition of its commit-ment to the creation of meaningful employ-ment opportunities across government and business sectors. 
The Employment Partner Award is pre-
sented to the Arlington County Equipment Bu-reau in recognition of its efforts in creating meaningful community employment opportuni-ties for individuals with disabilities and military veterans. 
The Advocacy Champion Award is being 
presented to state Senator Barbara Favola, who represents Virginia’s 31st district. MVLE presents this award to an outstanding partner who advocates for community integration by fostering partnerships across sectors to create new opportunities one person at a time. 
There are two recipients of the Social Re-
sponsibility Award: Digital Office Products and Supply World. MVLE presents this award to an outstanding partner who supports MVLE and our community through contributions and volunteer work. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in commending MVLE for its success in help-ing individuals with disabilities achieve inde-pendence and in congratulating the 2015 MVLE Annual Award recipients. The efforts of MVLE, its supporters, community partners, and clients are an inspiration to all and are truly worthy of our highest praise. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NEW 
HAVEN HIGH SCHOOL SHAM-ROCKS FOR THEIR SECOND PLACE FINISH IN THE 2015 MIS-SOURI CLASS 2 VOLLEYBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the New Haven High School Sham-rocks for their second place finish in the 2015 Class 2 Volleyball State Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the sec-ond place win to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the New 
Haven Shamrocks for a job well done. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KENNON BALSTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor and congratulate Kennon Balster of Blanchard, Iowa, for his induction into the Iowa High School Speech Association Hall of 
Fame. Kennon has been the coach of the Large Group and Director of Theatre at Clarinda High School for over 30 years. 
The Iowa High School Speech Association 
Hall of Fame was established in 1976 to rec-ognize distinguished individuals of statewide reputation for their outstanding accomplish-ments. Inductees are selected for going above and beyond expectations with their contribu-tions, service, dedication, and commitment to the Association. It is the highest honor the As-sociation can confer on an individual. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Kennon for earning this award. He is a shining example of how hard work and dedication can positively affect the future of our youth. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Kennon for his contributions to the speech and education community in the state of Iowa. I wish him nothing but continued success. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS 
DAY: THE CHINESE GOVERN-MENT HARVESTS THE ORGANS OF THE FALUN GONG 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today is 
the 65th International Human Rights Day. 
It is fitting that we remember how the Chi-
nese Government has denied the human rights of so many of Falun Gong, their family members and their friends. 
The most basic human right is the right to 
live free. 
Today, there are more Falun Gong practi-
tioners in prison in China than any other per-secuted group. 
The Chinese Government’s top priority is 
not to take care of its people; it is to stay in power. It sees Falun Gong rise in popularity in the 1990s as a threat. In reality, Falun Gong just wanted to be left alone. 
To silence this threat, the Chinese Govern-
ment murders Falun Gong members, har-vesting their organs to give to others deemed more worthy. 
We know this because brave men and 
women have come forward and reported these crimes, refusing to be silent. Those who have spoken out include the wife of a doctor who was forced to perform surgeries to remove the organs. A security guard who was ordered to stand watch while the surgeries take place has also spoken out about these practices. The evidence is undeniable of this detestable, inhumane practice by the Chinese Govern-ment. 
The practice is a billion dollar business for 
the Chinese Government. Organ harvesting is the number one source of revenue for Chi-nese medical centers. A medical center is supposed to save lives, not take lives. Appar-ently, in China, the lives of the Falun Gong do not matter. Reports indicate that more than 10,000 have been killed by these barbaric medical procedures; they have been murdered for their organs. 
The Chinese Government makes a profit 
and silences any group it sees as threatening. But they can’t silence the Falun Gong nor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.032 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1769 December 10, 2015 
human rights advocates. We know what they 
are up to. We cannot let this continue. 
The Chinese Government is an enemy of 
human rights. It is the enemy of its own peo-ple. 
As a former judge in Texas, I know a thing 
or two about justice. And, justice has not been served to the Falun Gong community. 
Over the years, Falun Gong followers have 
been imprisoned, tortured, and killed. But, de-spite Beijing’s abuse, they continue to fight back. 
Today, China must end its persecution of 
the Falun Gong. 
The world leaders have been talking about 
climate change in Paris. 
There needs to be a ‘‘climate’’ change in 
China. The air is polluted with the cries of the innocents murdered by the government. 
The land is defiled by the acts of torture and 
organ harvesting. 
The blood of the Falun Gong is on the 
hands of the Chinese officials. 
I hope that one day soon all Chinese people 
will have the basic human right that the Cre-ator endows to all creation: life. 
The Falun Gong deserves to live free of op-
pression and murder. 
They are courageous men and women. The Chinese Government, in its zeal to 
keep power, kills its own people. 
Power, not people, is the quest of the Chi-
nese Government. 
If the Chinese Government was put on trial 
before the world of free peoples and tried for its violations of human rights, it would be found guilty of terrorism. Its government offi-cials would be in prison. They would be locked up. They would not see the light of the morn-ing sun. They would be in the cold damp dark-ness of the jailhouse—the place reserved for the evil ones who harvest the organs of the Falun Gong. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MR. TONY HADDAD 
OF PEORIA, ILLINOIS 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I commemorate 
the life of Mr. Tony Haddad, a restauranteur and local icon of Peoria, Illinois, who passed away this past Saturday at the age of 78. 
Immigrating to Peoria from Lebanon in 
1977, Mr. Haddad and his family arrived in the United States with only thirty dollars in his pocket. Although far from home, Haddad brought his culture to life through the food he sold from a pushcart in downtown Peoria for almost 35 years, which he later expanded into his own local restaurant. Mr. Haddad was the personification of the American dream. 
His empathy and generosity made those 
who visited his food cart and restaurant not only his patrons, but his friends. Tony was al-ways charitable, giving a meal to someone even if he knew they would not be able to repay him and, and he made time to listen to his customers’ problems. 
Alongside his work, the cornerstone to 
Haddad’s life was the love and friendship of his wife of 60 years, Loreece. Together, they 
came to America and created their own leg-acy, raising six children, 18 grandchildren, and five great-grandchildren. 
Although he will be greatly missed, he will 
be remembered fondly and remain an icon of the 18th District. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DULA AND BETTY 
THOMPSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dula and Betty Thompson of Lewis, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anni-versary. They married on October 11, 1945 in Troy, Kansas. 
Dula and Betty’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Marvin, Bill, Lanette, and Ken, along with their grand-children, great-grandchildren and great-great- grandchild, truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Thompsons that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call vote 682. Had I been present. I would have voted no. 
f 
HONORING BETTE STOLTZ 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to a friend, neighbor and activist who dedicated her life to improving South Brooklyn. On November 19, longtime neigh-borhood activist Bette Stoltz passed away. This Saturday, Brooklynites will come together to celebrate the life of this dedicated advocate and leader. 
Bette made countless contributions to South 
Brooklyn, helping bring vitality, energy and en-trepreneurship to the area. She worked to sure-up small businesses at a time of dis-investment. She was instrumental to revital-izing Smith Street and helping organize the Merchants Association in the 1980s, which fostered so much cultural life and vibrancy in the area. She organized the Smith Street Fes-tivals in the fall and the Bastille Day Pe ´tanque 
Tournament. She worked tirelessly to ensure Smith Street thrived, and most recently she was organizing to create a Business Improve-ment District on Smith and nearby Court Streets. 
Her efforts extended well beyond the com-
mercial corridors. By starting the South Brook-lyn Local Development Corporation and the Red Hook Chamber of Commerce, she worked steadfastly to defend industrial busi-nesses in Red Hook and Gowanus and ex-pand opportunity and commerce throughout Brooklyn. Bette helped organize Friends of Greater Gowanus and served on the EPA Gowanus Canal Community Advisory Group, working on multiple fronts to push to reme-diate and restore the Gowanus Canal in a green, sustainable manner. 
Bette created partnerships to connect low- 
income and public housing residents to busi-nesses and jobs. She created internships for youth and a Culinary Arts Curriculum at the High School for International Studies on Baltic Street. Bette also helped develop adult train-ing programs to better connect people to good-paying jobs in the trades, industry and with local merchants. For years, Bette served as a member of Community Board 6, ensuring her neighbors’ voices were heard in develop-ment decisions shaping our area’s physical, cultural and economic future. 
Ultimately, South Brooklyn would not be as 
vibrant, diverse and culturally rich without Bette’s hard work and many endeavors. My thoughts and prayers are with her husband, Michael, her children and her beloved grand-children. 
Mr. Speaker, New York City’s communities 
and, indeed, our local neighborhoods through-out the country are only as strong as the local residents who are willing to put in personal time and effort to organize and improve the areas in which we live. Every community would be lucky to have a community leader as vocal, engaged, dedicated and personally warm as Bette. She leaves behind a proud legacy, one that we will honor by continuing to improve our community. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring her memory. 
f 
CHALLENGER ELEMENTARY 
ARTISTS TAKE TOP HONOR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate three talented students from Challenger Elementary School in Pearland for winning top honors in the Texas Renaissance Festival’s art contest. 
In the drawing category, Brendon Thai took 
home first place and Amanda Yee took home third place. Katherine Tran took home second place in the painting category. Challenger Ele-mentary is lucky to have such talented young artists and an incredible teacher, Lori Ellis, who does a great job of helping her students find their creativity. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Brendon, Amanda, and Katherine for their award-winning art. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.034 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1770 December 10, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY AND GLORIA 
SOUTH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Larry and Gloria South of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 55th wedding anniversary. They were married in 1960. 
Larry and Gloria’s lifelong commitment to 
each other, their children, Dee, Tammie, Judy, Margaret and Alice, their grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Souths that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and rep-resent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 55th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
THE OCCASION OF MR. PAT 
CORELLA’S RETIREMENT 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to rec-
ognize and congratulate Mr. Pat CoreIla on the occasion of his retirement from his post as Deputy Director of the Pima County Library. 
Mr. Corella has dedicated over fifty years to 
serving his community with distinction. Born from humble beginnings, Mr. CoreIla has be-come a symbol of hard work, perseverance, and selflessness. A Tucson native, Mr. CoreIla is one of six siblings with strong family ties. Since a young age, Mr. CoreIla has borne much responsibility whether helping his family harvest crops in California during the summers to becoming an independent young man. He graduated from Pueblo High School in 1965 and soon began his involvement with the Pima County Public Library system. As a library page, he assisted in shelving, book circulation, operating equipment and researching. 
In 1970 after marrying and beginning a fam-
ily, he enrolled in the University of Arizona as a full-time student. In less than four years, Mr. CoreIla earned his bachelor’s degree in Gov-ernment and Public Administration. During that time, it was his job to drive the ‘‘bookmobile’’ to areas in Tucson and Pima County where he provided imperative library services to low-in-come and underrepresented communities. 
Mr. Corella was instrumental in the opening 
of library branches in Tucson’s barrios and surrounding rural communities. Due in part to his leadership, nineteen library branches were opened and sixteen others were either ex-panded or remodeled. Mr. Corella has always understood that libraries were educational in-stitutions full of opportunity for underserved communities. He helped transition these li-brary branches to modern technology and ex-panded the role of providing more services and resources beyond books. Today, Pima County branch libraries provide literacy pro-grams for adults and children, after-school tu-toring and access to computers and commu-
nity services. 
Mr. Corella’s final day was November 26, 
2015, exactly fifty years to the day he began as a library page. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure and honor to 
recognize the commitment and dedication to our Southern Arizona community and the li-brary system that Mr. Corella has dem-onstrated for well over fifty years. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-
memorate the 50th Anniversary of Northern Virginia Community College. Over the past two decades, the National Capital Region, es-pecially Northern Virginia, has experienced ex-plosive growth, becoming one of the most economically vibrant and diverse regions in the country. Northern Virginia Community Col-lege has been a major contributing factor to this success. 
Established in 1964 under the name North-
ern Virginia Technical College, the school opened with 761 students in a single building in Bailey’s Crossroads. Renamed in 1966, Northern Virginia Community College, known locally as NOVA, now serves more than 100,000 full and part-time students at six cam-puses and three satellite educational centers, and through online learning. 
NOVA graduates who receive passing 
grades in designated courses are guaranteed admission to more than 40 area four-year col-leges and universities. An in-state student can save approximately $15,000, or 30% of tuition and fees, for a baccalaureate degree by at-tending NOVA for two years and then transfer-ring to a public four-year institution. High school students can take advantage of this op-portunity beginning at age 16. 
It is the largest public educational institution 
in Virginia and the second-largest community college in the United States. It is also one of the most internationally diverse colleges in the nation, with 20% of the student population consisting of individuals from more than 180 countries. Nearly 4,000 faculty and staff mem-bers serve the students and the broader com-munity. Nearly 300,000 individuals attend community activities on NOVA campuses each year. 
NOVA offers a wide variety of programs that 
support academic achievement and personal growth, and that promote civic engagement, leadership development, community involve-ment, health & wellness, and culture. Dozens of student-led organizations enrich campus life and specialized populations such as the dis-abled or current and former members of the military receive services tailored to their unique circumstances. 
Our local economy and our nation’s security 
have benefitted from NOVA’s innovative work-force development programs and cybersecu-rity curricula. Employers can rely on new-hires with credentials from NOVA and can partner with NOVA to develop customized training so-lutions so that recent graduates or current em-ployees possess cutting edge skills required to 
succeed in a dynamic economy. The National Security Agency and the Department of Homeland Security have designated NOVA as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance, and representatives from the intelligence community routinely re-cruit graduates with an Associate of Applied Science degree in Cybersecurity from NOVA. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating NOVA on 50 years of deliv-ering world-class post-secondary education and workforce development to ensure our re-gion and the Commonwealth of Virginia con-tinue to have such a highly-educated popu-lation and a globally competitive workforce. NOVA truly exemplifies the crucial role that publicly-supported higher education plays in our society. I look forward to seeing what NOVA will accomplish in the next 50 years. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR PRESI-
DENT’S PLAN TO DEFEAT ISIS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this past 
Sunday evening, President Obama addressed the nation and detailed his four-part plan, as Commander-in-Chief, to keep the American people safe from terrorist acts committed by terrorist groups like ISIL and al Qaeda or by persons abroad or lone wolf ‘‘franchise terror-ists’’ at home who are inspired by groups that profane the peaceful religion of Islam. 
First, the plan calls for our military to con-
tinue hunting down terrorist plotters in any country where it is necessary. 
In Iraq and Syria, American airpower has 
been used to great effect, taking out ISIL lead-ers, heavy weapons, oil tankers, and infra-structure. 
Second, the plan calls for the United States 
to take away safe havens for terrorists by con-tinuing to provide training and equipment to the tens of thousands of Iraqi and Syrian forces fighting ISIL. 
The third part of the plan involves working 
with friends and allies to disrupt ISIL’s oper-ations by cutting off access to financing and disrupting recruitment efforts. 
Finally, the plan calls for continued Amer-
ican leadership, working in conjunction with the international community, to establish a process—and timeline—to pursue ceasefires and a political resolution to the Syrian civil war. 
Ending the civil war in Syria will allow the 
Syrian people, our allies, and also Russia, to focus on the common goal of destroying ISIL. 
Critics have every right to disagree with the 
President’s approach but they also have an obligation to propose realistic and practical al-ternatives to the President’s plan, which, by the way, has been designed by American mili-tary commanders and counterterrorism experts and supported by the 65 countries that are part of the American-led coalition. 
Our quarrel is not with Islam so I also com-
mend the President’s appeal for calm, unity, and cooperation among all persons of goodwill both in the United States and around the world. 
The terrorist attacks in San Bernardino were 
horrific acts on innocent civilians perpetrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.040 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1771 December 10, 2015 
by depraved individuals who pledge allegiance 
to organizations that misuse the peaceful reli-gion of Islam for their own misguided pur-poses. 
Such horrible and heinous acts are the re-
sponsibility of the perpetrators, and theirs alone, and for which they can be assured that they alone will be held accountable. 
This was one of the central messages con-
veyed during the Prayer Vigil and Unity Press Conference I led last Sunday afternoon in Houston, the 4th largest and most diverse city in the United States. 
In addition to the steps laid out by the Presi-
dent, I also believe there are additional steps the Congress should take, including bringing to the floor for debate and vote to pass H.R. 48, the ‘‘No Fly for Foreign Fighters Act,’’ that I introduced earlier this year. 
This legislation would require TSA to check 
the Terrorist Screening Database and the ter-rorist watch list used in determining whether to permit a passenger to board a U.S.-bound or domestic flight and to take appropriate steps to ensure that those who pose a threat to aviation safety or national security are in-cluded in the Terrorism Database. 
I ask a moment of silence for the victims 
killed and injured in the attacks by franchise terrorists last Wednesday in San Bernardino, California. IN HONOR OF THE 80TH BIRTHDAY 
OF RAYMOND COCHRAN 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Pastor Raymond Cochran on his 80th birthday on December 13th. 
Raymond was born in Lee County, Alabama 
in 1935 to John and Lucille Cochran. 
Mr. Cochran found a passion for religion at 
an early age, having joined the Ebenezer Bap-tist Church at age seven. He holds Bachelors and Masters of Bible Theology degrees from the International Institute and Seminary in Plymouth, Florida, in addition to a Bachelor of Arts degree from Selma University in Selma, Alabama. 
He also holds two honorary doctorates, in 
divinity and law, from the Union Theological Seminary in Birmingham, Alabama. Mr. Coch-ran has received numerous awards in recogni-tion of his long service, and is involved in nu-merous community groups. 
He served as the Pastor of seven different 
churches throughout Alabama and Georgia, before joining the Franchise Missionary Baptist in Phenix City, Alabama, where he has been the pastor for the past 47 years. Mr. Cochran and his wife Mary have six daughters, two 
sons, nineteen grandchildren and four great- grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing 
the life and achievements of Mr. Raymond Cochran and wishing him a happy 80th birth-day! TRIBUTE TO MARK LARSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mark Lar-sen, of Mount Ayr, Iowa for being selected as a member of the Mount Ayr Community Hall of Fame. 
Mark was hired as a math teacher and girls’ 
basketball and track coach at Mount Ayr Schools in 1970. He coached six-on-six, and later five-on-five basketball, winning 286 games in total. His girls basketball teams won six conference titles and qualified for the state tournament in 1998. His girls track teams claimed 15 conference titles and four district championships. He also started the girls soft-ball program in 1972, and on the softball dia-mond his teams amassed over 700 wins. Mark was inducted in to the Iowa Coaches Hall of Fame in 1998 and was elected to the Iowa High School Athletic Directors Association Hall of Fame in 2002. 
Mr. Speaker, Mark’s efforts embody the 
Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him and Iowans like him in the United States Con-gress. As a coach, teacher, and athletic direc-tor, he has had a profound impact on the lives of thousands of Iowa’s young people. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Mark for his achievements and wish him nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.042 E10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1305 Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 2250, Further Continuing Appropriations Act, as 
amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8563–S8621 
Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2383–2399, S.J. Res. 28, and S. Res. 333.
                             Page S8602 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Legislative Activities Re-
port of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–178) 
S. Res. 189, expressing the sense of the Senate re-
garding the 25th anniversary of democracy in Mon-golia. 
S. Res. 320, congratulating the people of Burma 
on their commitment to peaceful elections, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. Res. 326, celebrating the 135th anniversary of 
diplomatic relations between the United States and Romania, and with an amended preamble. 
                                                                                            Page S8602 
Measures Passed: 
Further Continuing Appropriations Act: Senate 
passed H.R. 2250, further Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2016, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agree-ing to the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8581–88 
McConnell Amendment No. 2922, making fur-
ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S8586 
McConnell Amendment No. 2923, to amend the 
title.                                                                                   Page S8586 
Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act: Senate 
passed S. 142, to require special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agree-ing to the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8613–14 McConnell (for Nelson/Ayotte) Amendment No. 
2924, in the nature of a substitute.                  Page S8614 
McConnell (for Nelson/Ayotte) Amendment No. 
2925, to amend the title.                                       Page S8614 
Comprehensive Justice and Mental Health Act: 
Senate passed S. 993, to increase public safety by fa-cilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S8614–17 
McConnell (for Franken/Cornyn) Amendment No. 
2926, to modify the authorization of appropriations. 
                                                                                            Page S8614 
Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self- 
Determination Act Amendments: Senate passed S. 
209, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Develop-ment and Self-Determination Act of 2005, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S8617 
McConnell (for Barrasso) Amendment No. 2714, 
in the nature of a substitute.                                Page S8617 
Church Plan Clarification Act: Committee on 
Finance was discharged from further consideration of S. 2308, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of church pension plans, and the bill was then passed.
        Pages S8617–18 
Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consid-eration of H.R. 2693, to designate the arboretum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Ar-boretum’’, and the bill was then passed.
       Page S8618 
Foreclosure Relief and Extension for 
Servicemembers Act: Senate passed S. 2393, to ex-
tend temporarily the extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mort-gages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction. 
                                                                                    Pages S8618–19 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE5.REC D10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1306 December 10, 2015 
Direct Senate Legal Counsel: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 333, to direct the Senate Legal Counsel to ap-pear as amicus curiae in the name of the Senate in Bank Markazi, The Central Bank of Iran v. Deborah D. Peterson, et al. (S. Ct.).
                                              Page S8619 
NOMINATIONS—Agreement: A unanimous-con-
sent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, December 14, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nominations of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and Franklin R. Parker, of Illi-nois, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy; that there be 30 minutes for debate on the nomination of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, equally di-vided in the usual form; that upon the use or yield-ing back of time, Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on confirmation of the nomina-tions, in order listed; and that no further motions be in order to any of the nominations.
                 Page S8613 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Richard Capel Howorth, of Mississippi, to be a 
Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2020. 
(Prior to this action, Committee on Environment 
and Public Works was discharged from further con-sideration.) 
Eric Drake Eberhard, of Washington, to be a 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation for a term expiring October 6, 2018. 
Darryl L. DePriest, of Illinois, to be Chief Counsel 
for Advocacy, Small Business Administration. 
Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of 
the Office of Science, Department of Energy. 
                                                                                            Page S8613 
119 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 
8 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, Foreign Service, and Navy.
           Pages S8619–21 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8601 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S8601 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S8601–02 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S8602 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8602–04 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8604–10 Additional Statements:                          Pages S8598–S8601 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S8610–11 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S8611 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:32 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, December 14, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8619.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
INCREASING EFFECTIVENESS OF MILITARY 
OPERATIONS 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine increasing effectiveness of mili-tary operations, after receiving testimony from Gen-eral Norton A. Schwartz, USAF (Ret.), former Chief of Staff of the Air Force, Business Executives for Na-tional Security, McLean, Virginia; Admiral James G. Stavridis, USN (Ret.), former Commander of Euro-pean Command and Southern Command, Tufts Uni-versity Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Med-ford, Massachusetts; and Christopher J. Lamb, Na-tional Defense University Institute for National Stra-tegic Studies. 
TERRORISM AND GLOBAL OIL MARKETS 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded an oversight hearing to examine terrorism and global oil markets, after receiving testimony from Keith Crane, RAND Corporation, Arlington, Virginia; and Peter E. Harrell, Center for a New American Security, Sara Vakhshouri, Atlantic Coun-cil, and Jamie Webster, IHS, all of Washington, D.C. 
INDEPENDENT SOUTH SUDAN 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine independent South Sudan, fo-cusing on a failure of leadership, after receiving testi-mony from Donald Booth, Special Envoy for Sudan and South Sudan, Department of State; Bob Leavitt, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Democ-racy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, Agency for International Development; and Princeton N. Lyman, United States Institute of Peace, Adotei Akwei, Amnesty International USA, and John Prendergast, Enough Project, all of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE5.REC D10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1307 December 10, 2015 
GAO AND OIG RECOMMENDATIONS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management concluded a hearing to examine the importance of following through on GAO and OIG recommendations, including how implementing recommendations can achieve financial benefits and strengthen government performance, after receiving testimony from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States, Government Account-ability Office; Michael E. Horowitz, Chair, Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, and Inspector General, Department of Justice; and Jim H. Crumpacker, Director, Departmental GAO–OIG Liaison Office, Department of Homeland Security. BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S.1318, to amend title 18, United States Code, to 
provide for protection of maritime navigation and prevention of nuclear terrorism, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
The nominations of Dana J. Boente, to be United 
States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia for the term of four years, Robert Lloyd Capers, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York for the term of four years, John P. Fishwick, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia for the term of four years, and Emily Gray Rice, to be United States At-torney for the District of New Hampshire for the term of four years, all of the Department of Justice. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 4208–4236; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 561–563 were introduced.
                 Pages H9269–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9271–72 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2406, to protect and enhance opportunities 
for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–377, Part 1); and 
H. Res. 560, providing for consideration of the 
conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment functions and activities, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the Senate amend-ments to the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–378).
                                                         Page H9269 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Jenkins (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H9209 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:22 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H9212 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:39 p.m. and re-
convened at 2:48 p.m.                                             Page H9217 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: Securing Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act of 
2015: H.R. 3831, amended, to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to extend the annual com-ment period for payment rates under Medicare Ad-vantage;
                                                                  Pages H9217–18 
Surface Transportation Board Reauthorization 
Act of 2015: S. 808, to establish the Surface Trans-
portation Board as an independent establishment; 
                                                                                    Pages H9218–23 
Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015: H.R. 
4188, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017;
   Pages H9223–42 
Department of Homeland Security CBRNE De-
fense Act of 2015: H.R. 3875, amended, to amend 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Ex-plosives Office;
                                                    Pages H9242–48 
DHS Science and Technology Reform and Im-
provement Act of 2015: H.R. 3578, amended, to 
amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to strengthen and make improvements to the Direc-torate of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
416 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 687; 
                                                                Pages H9248–55, H9262–63 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE5.REC D10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1308 December 10, 2015 
State and Local Cyber Protection Act of 2015: 
H.R. 3869, amended, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to require State and local coordina-tion on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and communications integration center; 
                                                                                    Pages H9255–57 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To 
amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to assist State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and communications inte-gration center, and for other purposes.’’.
       Page H9257 
First Responder Identification of Emergency 
Needs in Disaster Situations: H.R. 2795, amended, 
to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may im-pact the effectiveness and availability of first re-sponders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 396 yeas to 12 
nays, Roll No. 689.                       Pages H9257–62, H9264–65 
Question of Privilege: Representative Pelosi rose to 
a question of the privileges of the House and offered a resolution. The Chair ruled that the resolution did not constitute a question of the privileges of the House. Subsequently, Representative Pelosi appealed the ruling of the chair and Representative McCarthy moved to table the appeal. Agreed to the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the chair by a yea- and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 173 nays, Roll No. 688. 
                                                                                    Pages H9263–64 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and message received from the Senate today appear on pages H9217, H9223. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9262–63, H9264, H9264–65. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
TERRORISM AND THE VISA WAIVER 
PROGRAM 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism and the Visa Waiver Program’’. Testimony was heard from Kelli Ann Burriesci, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Policy, Department of Homeland Security; and pub-lic witnesses. CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY 
THE TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015; SENATE AMENDMENTS TO LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
a conference report to accompany H.R. 644, the ‘‘Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’; and Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016’’ [Fur-ther Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016]. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that pro-vides for consideration of the conference report to ac-company H.R. 644. The rule provides that the con-ference report shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against the conference re-port and against its consideration. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as or-dered without intervention of any motion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if appli-cable. The rule dictates that debate on the conference report is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. Additionally, the rule provides for the consid-eration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250. The rule makes in order a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion and provides that it is not subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule provides that the Senate amendments and the motion shall be consid-ered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. Testimony was heard from Chairman Brady of Texas, and Representatives Levin and Reichert. 
AN OVERVIEW OF THE NATION’S 
WEATHER SATELLITE PROGRAMS AND POLICIES 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘An Over-view of the Nation’s Weather Satellite Programs and Policies’’. Testimony was heard from Stephen Volz, Assistant Administrator, National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Services, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and David Powner, Director, Information Technology Manage-ment Issues, Government Accountability Office. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE5.REC D10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1309 December 10, 2015 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
DECEMBER 11, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-
ceive a briefing on human rights violations in Russian- occupied Crimea, 2 p.m., B318, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE5.REC D10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1310 December 10, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, December 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nominations of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the De-partment of the Army, John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and Franklin R. Parker, of Illinois, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Navy, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, December 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of the conference re-
port to accompany H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). Con-sideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250—Leg-islative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1764 
Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1767 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1765 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E1758 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1756, E1758, E1760, E1761, 
E1762, E1764, E1766, E1768, E1770 
Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1761 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1760 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E1756 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1765 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1766 Graves, Garret, La., E1758 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E1770 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E1757 
Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1755, E1760 Hurd, Will, Tex., E1755, E1757 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1759, E1763, E1767, E1770 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1769 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1759, E1764, E1769 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1755, E1757, E1760, E1761, 
E1765, E1767, E1768 
Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1759 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1755 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1767 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E1758 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1766 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1762 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E1765 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E1761, E1765, E1769 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1762, E1764, E1766, E1768 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1763 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1771 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1756 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E1762 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1756 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E1763 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1769 
Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1755, E1757 Young, David, Iowa, E1760, E1761, E1763, E1764, E1766, 
E1767, E1768, E1769, E1770, E1771 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10DE5.REC D10DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST