Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H669 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2015 No. 17 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. E
MMER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
February 2, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable T OM 
EMMER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
ACTIVE FOREST MANAGEMENT 
LEADS TO HEALTHY COMMU-NITIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, the Twenty-Five Percent Fund Act of 1908 required 25 percent of tax receipts of timber harvested from U.S. national forests to be returned to the counties where the tax receipts originated. 
Since local property taxes cannot be 
levied on Federal lands, these dollars along with payment in lieu of taxes, or 
PILT, funding are critical for counties located in national forests and other Federal lands. This is because the 1908 law specifies that they directly support local schools and road activities in na-tional forests. 
Unfortunately, timbering has dra-
matically decreased in the National Forest System since the late 1980s. Ac-cording to the Forest Service, the agency was annually harvesting over 12 billion board feet by the end of the 1980s, but today, this amount has de-creased to less than 2 billion board feet per year. 
Make no mistake, timbering activi-
ties, such as removing unhealthy wood waste and potential fire fuel, plays a fundamental role in the core mission of the Forest Service and lends the forest health. 
Leading up to the turn of the cen-
tury, declining timber production has resulted in less forest management and, therefore, decreased forest health, fewer local employment opportunities, and dramatically less funding for schools and roads in forested commu-nities. 
As a result, the Secure Rural Schools 
program was created in 2000 to help off-set the lack of funding for essential local activities. Unfortunately, the program was allowed to expire at the end of September 2014, resulting in pay-ments to counties reverting back to previous law which again requires 25 percent of the tax receipts from tim-bering to be returned to the counties of origin. 
Earlier this month, the U.S. Depart-
ment of Agriculture, the parent agency of the Forest Service, announced that 25 percent of receipts will be paid to 41 States throughout the coming months in 2015. 
These funds are very much needed in 
rural communities located on Federal lands, including the Allegheny Na-tional Forest, where four counties in northwestern Pennsylvania directly 
benefit. 
While these funds amount to nearly 
$50 million nationally, they represent only one-sixth of the funds that were provided the previous year through the Secure Rural Schools program. 
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Edu-
cation and the Workforce Committee and a former school board president, I can attest that there is no school dis-trict in America that could have 94 per-cent of a funding stream pulled out from underneath them and still man-age. 
Make no mistake, the Secure Rural 
Schools program has gone a long way in helping communities bridge the fi-nancial shortfalls for the lack of tax-able land over the past 15 years, but the program alone does not solve the underlying challenges faced by coun-ties and communities colocated in na-tional forests and other Federal lands. 
In order to ensure the long-term eco-
logical sustainability and economic prosperity of our national forests and our local communities, the Forest Service must adhere to its historical mission of active forest management and timber harvesting for our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, let us not be confused. 
National forests are not national parks; they are home to the people’s resources. We must encourage sustain-able and increased production of the public’s resources which directly sup-port those communities that are co-located on Federal lands. This would be a win-win for the country. The Amer-ican people deserve as much. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STACY EGGERS, JR. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise 
to recognize Stacy Eggers, Jr., of Boone, North Carolina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.000 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H670 February 2, 2015 
On March 20, Stacy will be 91 years 
old, but he hasn’t let age slow him down one bit. He still goes daily to his office on West King Street where he has been continually practicing law since 1950. Back then, he was one of only four attorneys in Watauga Coun-ty. 
Stacy is one of the last attorneys in 
the State of North Carolina who did not attend law school. He was admitted by the North Carolina State Bar to practice law on April 19, 1950, and even-tually, his law practice became a fam-ily affair. 
He formed the law firm Eggers & 
Eggers with his son Stacy Eggers III in 1974 and later formed Eggers, Eggers, & Eggers when his daughter Rebecca Eggers-Gryder joined the practice. 
His grandson Stacy Eggers IV, who is 
known as Four, joined the firm in 2001. His granddaughter-in-law Kimberly Eggers joined the firm in 2010. Another grandson, Austin Eggers, joined the firm in 2011. 
I think it bears repeating that Stacy 
still goes to work every day at the age of 90. In fact, he tried a property rights case with his grandson Four before a local jury at the age of 88. You rarely see that kind of dedication to one’s profession anymore. 
In addition to his work in private 
practice, Stacy has served as county attorney for Watauga County, as well as town attorney for Blowing Rock and Seven Devils. His service to the bar also includes terms as councilor of the North Carolina State Bar for the 24th Judicial District, president of the Watauga Bar Association, and presi-dent of the 24th Judicial District Bar Association. 
He is an active member of the North 
Carolina Bar Association, where he served on the Client Security Fund Board, which helps reimburse individ-uals who have suffered financial loss as a result of the dishonest conduct of lawyers. 
In 1996, Stacy was inducted into the 
North Carolina General Practice Hall of Fame and received the Liberty Bell Award in 2008. The Liberty Bell Award is given annually by the North Caro-lina Bar Association’s Young Lawyers Division to one individual who ‘‘has strengthened the American system of freedom under law.’’ 
Active in the local community, Stacy 
has served as a member of the Watauga County Hospital Board of Trustees, the Watauga County Board of Elections, the Boone Rotary Club, the executive committee of the Watauga County Re-publican Party, the Boone Chamber of Commerce, and the Watauga Savings and Loan Association Board of Direc-tors. He also currently serves on the board for LifeStore Bank. 
Prior to his career as a lawyer, Stacy 
served in the Army Air Corps during World War II. When describing the ex-perience to his children in later years, he would say he received a personal in-vitation from the President to take an all-expense paid world tour. He left on a transport out of Charles-
ton, North Carolina, and by the time he arrived in Los Angeles at the end of the war, he had served his country in locations across the globe, including Africa, the Mediterranean, India, and Tinian. Stacy is a lifetime member and past commander of the American Le-gion and a lifetime member and judge advocate of the Veterans of Foreign Wars. 
Stacy raised four children with his 
loving and supportive wife of 56 years, Elizabeth Bingham Eggers, who passed away in 2004. He is blessed with eight grandsons and three great-grandsons and has another great-grandbaby on the way. His family is one of the most respected families in Watauga County. 
Stacy is a man of few words but great 
wisdom. He has tremendous insights into human nature, and his observa-tions are well worth hearing. Watauga County is fortunate to call this hard-working citizen one of its own. 
f 
WEST VIRGINIA’S SECOND 
DISTRICT PRIORITIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. 
Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for the great honor of addressing the Nation as a newly-elected Representative for the people of West Virginia’s Second Dis-trict. 
My name is A
LEXMOONEY , and I grew 
up in a home where the American ideals of personal freedom and limited government were cherished. 
My mother was born and raised in 
Cuba where, at age 21, she was thrown in jail for 7 weeks as a political pris-oner by the communist regime of Fidel Castro. After her release, she fled here to the United States where she was welcomed with open arms to restart her life in freedom. 
My father was a feisty Irishman from 
New York and a Vietnam veteran. He was an ardent conservative and had great pride in leaders like Ronald Reagan. 
Through the hard work of my par-
ents, my three siblings and I had the chance to live the American Dream. 
My older brother, Vincent, is a pro-fessor of electrical engineers at Geor-gia Tech. My younger brother, Patrick, is a successful businessman. My young-er sister, Margarita, is a professor of sociology at Yale University where she conducts research on happiness, vir-tues, and the common good. I was blessed to have the opportunity to at-tend Dartmouth College where I played football and rugby and graduated in 1993. 
In 2001, my father suffered a stroke 
and was dying. There was one doctor who was particularly compassionate in her efforts to comfort my family and me through that difficult time. She also happened to be very pretty. One year later, that neurosurgeon, Dr. Grace Gonzalez, agreed to marry me. My wonderful wife and I have been 
blessed with three beautiful children. My son, Lucas, is 11; my daughter, Camille, is 9; and we were pleasantly surprised on October 13 of last year with a third child, Gabrielle. My wife and I have been doing the hard work of homeschooling our older children, im-parting on them an appreciation for the special place America holds in the world, just as my parents did for me. 
My parents also taught me personal 
responsibility enshrined in the Con-stitution must always be protected. Their example showed me we must never cower in the face of tyranny, never give up on the God-given rights we are entitled to, and never stop fighting for the American Dream. They taught me the importance of serving one’s Nation and community. 
I knew early in life I wanted an op-
portunity to fight for the values which have made our Nation a beacon of free-dom and prosperity around the world. As a young State senator, I fought for relief for hardworking taxpayers, for more personal responsibility, for the right to life of unborn babies, for a prosperous business climate, and to protect our Second Amendment rights. 
Last fall, the people of the Second 
District of West Virginia afforded me the tremendous honor of representing them in Congress. 
Our Nation faces great challenges. 
Our President and his liberal allies on the left would see us lose the values which make us who we are, lose the values my father fought for and my mother escaped despotism to enjoy. 
West Virginia is blessed to be abun-
dant in natural resources. I will fight so that West Virginians and all Ameri-cans are able to seek prosperity from our natural bounty. I expect to spend much of my time at my home in Charles Town and crossing the district, listening to the citizens I serve. 
During my first week in office, I 
didn’t wait to begin delivering on West Virginia priorities. I cosponsored legis-lation to gut onerous provisions of ObamaCare, to audit the Federal Re-serve, and authorize construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. I also co-sponsored bipartisan legislation to pro-tect the unborn after 20 weeks when they are capable of feeling pain. 
I am fortunate to serve on the House 
Natural Resources Committee, where I will focus on policies which contribute to the energy security of our Nation and the expansion of our production here at home. 
I have also been selected to serve on 
the important House Budget Com-
mittee, where I will fight to fulfill my commitment for a balanced Federal budget. It is totally unacceptable for West Virginians and all Americans to live within their means while the Fed-eral Government continues to allow its spending and debt to run rampant. 
We are a nation whose values are 
emulated around the world by people seeking freedom, justice, and constitu-tional self-government defined by the rule of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.003 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H671 February 2, 2015 
This legacy faces great challenges 
today, and I am proud to stand here on the floor of the United States Congress, vigilant in the defense of our defining principles and West Virginia priorities. 
f 
b1215 
IT IS ALL IN THE NAME—THE 
NAME IS TERRORIST 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ISIS 
has beheaded yet another person. 
Just this morning we also learned 
that the Taliban assassins murdered nine people in Afghanistan. 
A few months ago, the Taliban did a 
most vicious act of jihad. They at-tacked a school and murdered 150 chil-dren and their teachers in Pakistan. 
Last week, we learned that one of the 
Taliban Five, who was unfortunately swapped by the President in exchange for deserter Bowe Bergdahl, has re-cently called his buddies in the jihadist Taliban. 
Now, isn’t that lovely? But the Taliban are not terrorists, so 
sayeth the White House. 
According to the White House Press 
Secretary: 
They do carry out tactics that are akin to 
terrorism. They do pursue terror attacks in an effort to try to advance their agenda. 
Well then, why not call them ‘‘terror-
ists’’? Why is the White House so timid and so intimidated by refusing to call the Taliban ‘‘terrorists’’? 
The National Review reports that the 
Al Jazeera news service has banned the terms ‘‘Islamist,’’ ‘‘jihad,’’ and ‘‘terror-ists’’ from their reporting. Is the White House Press Secretary getting his po-litically correct language and censored statements from Al Jazeera? Who knows. 
Even Secretary Kerry refuses to de-
fine the foreign terrorist group ISIS as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Mr. Speaker, at a House Foreign Af-fairs Committee hearing on September 18, entitled, ‘‘The ISIS Threat: Weigh-ing the Obama Administration’s Re-sponse,’’ I asked Secretary Kerry this question: 
Who are we at war with? I call them 
‘‘ISIS.’’ Who would you call them? 
Secretary Kerry: Well, I would call them 
the ‘‘enemy of Islam’’ because that is what I think they are, and they certainly don’t rep-resent a state even though they try to claim to do so. 
So, officially, Mr. Kerry, we should refer to 
them as the ‘‘enemy of Islam’’? 
Secretary Kerry: Well, I do. 
Mr. Speaker, this administration also 
refuses to say that we are at war with radical Islam. There is so much sensi-tivity in the White House over its statements that one is puzzled to won-der: Why are they sensitive about call-ing terrorists ‘‘terrorists’’? 
Radical Islam is a cancer that is 
spreading throughout the world. Thou-sands are joining in the jihad, which preaches hate and murder in the name of religion. Even other world leaders 
have publicly recognized this and have called our enemy ‘‘terrorists’’—but not the United States. The leader of the free world dances around the topic in-stead of telling it like it is. 
Why does the administration refuse 
to define our enemy? We are at war with radical Islam. We are at war with the Taliban. We are at war with ISIS, and we are at war with terrorism and terrorists. And, Mr. Speaker, they are at war with us. 
Is the White House worried about 
hurting the feelings of the radical ter-rorists, who make it their mission to kill us, and so refuses to call them ‘‘terrorists’’? We need to call them what they are—terrorists who kill in the name of radical Islam. 
Political correctness and political 
jargon will not win this war. Ameri-cans and our military must have a clearly defined enemy, not some nebu-lous, undefined named enemy that the White House advocates. 
The threat of Islamic extremism has 
never been greater. Their mission is clear. They are ruthless in pursuing it and will kill anybody who doesn’t agree with them regardless of their re-ligion. These killers are at war with America and humanity. We cannot de-feat this enemy without first knowing who they are and then defining them. Mr. Speaker, they are terrorists. 
And that is just the way it is. 
REPORT : ALJAZEERA ’SBANNED ‘ISLAMIST ,’ 
‘JIHAD,’ ‘T ERRORIST ’ FROMAIRWAVES  
Al Jazeera’s New York and Washington, 
D.C. journalists have reportedly received strict orders from Qatari management: please do not use the words ‘‘terrorist,’’ ‘‘militant,’’ ‘‘Islamist,’’ ‘‘jihad’’ and ‘‘ex-tremist’’ in your reporting. 
After a January 27 Islamist terrorist at-
tack in Libya, an internal email obtained by National Review showed that Al Jazeera 
English executive Carlos van Meek sent out an email demanding that his employees re-frain from using the banned terms. ‘‘All: We manage our words carefully around here,’’ van Meek reportedly wrote. ‘‘So I’d like to bring to your attention some key words that have a tendency of tripping us up.’’ 
Van Meek explained, ‘‘One person’s ter-
rorist is another person’s freedom fighter,’’ in writing why his employees must stop using the aforementioned words. ‘‘Avoid characterizing people,’’ he reportedly added. 
Regarding the term Islamist: ‘‘Do not 
use,’’ van Meek wrote in bold. ‘‘We will con-tinue to describe groups and individuals, by talking about their previous actions and cur-rent aims to give viewers the context they require, rather than use a simplistic label. 
‘‘Strictly speaking, jihad means an inner 
spiritual struggle, not a holy war,’’ van Meek said in explaining why the Arabic term will no longer be allowed in Al Jazeera’s re-porting. He continued, ‘‘It is not by tradition a negative term. It also means the struggle to defend Islam against things challenging it.’’ 
He added: ‘‘We do not use words such as 
militants, radicals, insurgents. We will stick with fighters.’’ 
National Review reports that van Meek 
was previously described as the man tasked with ‘‘establishing Al Jazeera in America.’’ 
Breitbart News has reported on Al 
Jazeera’s radical past, including its current support for Egypt’s Muslim Brotherhood ter-ror group. After September 11, 2001, the network’s 
headquarters in Doha reportedly put on dis-play multiple pictures in its studio honoring the deceased Al Qaeda terrorist Osama bin Laden. 
In 2013, dozens of staff resigned in protest 
of Al Jazeera’s ‘‘biased coverage’’ in favor of the Muslim Brotherhood jihadist organiza-tion. 
[From HFAC Hearing on Sept. 18 entitled, 
‘‘The ISIS Threat: Weighing the Obama Administration’s Response’’] 
Mr. P
OE. You just go ahead and answer the 
question: 
Who are we at war with? I call them ISIS. 
Who would you call these? 
Secretary K ERRY . Well, I call them the 
enemy of Islam, because that is what, I think, they are. And they certainly don’t represent a state, even though they try to claim to. 
Mr. P
OE. So officially we should refer to 
them as the enemy of Islam. 
Secretary K ERRY . Well, I do. 
Mr. P OE. Okay. 
Secretary K ERRY . I don’t know if there is 
an official whatever. 
Mr. P OE. Well, why don’t we tell the Amer-
ican people—— 
Secretary K ERRY . I hope you join me in 
doing that, because that is what I think they are; and I don’t think they deserve to have a reference in their name that gives them le-gitimacy. 
Mr. P
OE. Are they the enemy of the United 
States? 
Secretary K ERRY . Beg your pardon? 
Mr. P OE. Are they the enemy of the United 
States? 
Secretary K ERRY . They are an enemy of 
humanity. 
Mr. P OE. So they are an enemy of the U.S., 
too? 
Secretary K ERRY . Among others. 
Mr. P OE. Okay. 
Secretary K ERRY . Among many others—— 
Mr. P OE. Well, I am just looking specifi-
cally at the national security interest of the United States. 
Secretary K
ERRY . Definitively, it is in the 
national security interest of our country, with Americans over there with passports, learning how to fight and taking part in this—— 
Mr. P
OE. And I agree with you, they 
shouldn’t come back unless they are in hand-cuffs. I agree with that. 
Secretary K
ERRY . For all those reasons, 
yes. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Speak-er declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 19 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. E
MMER ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, through whom we see 
what we could be and what we can be-come, thank You for giving us another day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.003 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H672 February 2, 2015 
Send Your spirit upon the Members 
of this people’s House to encourage them in their official tasks. Be with them and with all who labor here to serve this great Nation and its people. 
Assure them that whatever their re-
sponsibilities, You provide the grace to enable them to be faithful to their du-ties and the wisdom to be conscious of their obligations and fulfill them with integrity. 
Remind us all of the dignity of work 
and teach us to use our talents and abilities in ways that are honorable and just and are of benefit to those we serve. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) come forward and lead the House 
in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. FOXX led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
JOHN LOCKE FOUNDATION 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this month 
marks 25 years since John Hood and Marc Rotterman founded the John Locke Foundation with the help of Art Pope and the John William Pope Foun-dation. 
While its beginnings may have been 
small, the John Locke Foundation quickly made an impact, and today, it is the leading voice in North Carolina for free markets, limited government, and personal responsibility. 
This silver jubilee represents a 
changing of the guard for the organiza-tion. After nearly 20 years at its helm, founder John Hood has taken a new role as president of the Pope Founda-tion. He leaves the John Locke Foun-dation in the very capable hands of Kory Swanson, who has been a central figure in the growth and influence of the organization over the last 15 years. 
The future is bright at the John 
Locke Foundation, and the people of North Carolina are the beneficiaries 
and are grateful. 
f 
REPEAL OF THE AFFORDABLE 
CARE ACT FOR THE 56TH TIME 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, it is week 
five for the new Congress—and it hap-pens to be Groundhog Day—and my Re-publican colleagues, unfortunately, I think, are still stuck in the shadow of their extreme agenda. 
Instead of taking up a jobs bill or an 
infrastructure bill or a minimum wage bill to give working families bigger paychecks, they have again decided this week, for the 56th time, to take up repeal of the Affordable Care Act. 
Never mind that repealing the ACA 
in this House would take away insur-ance for millions of individuals or raise insurance premiums on working fami-lies or allow insurance companies to once again discriminate against those who have preexisting medical condi-tions. 
This extreme bill we know will never 
see the light of day or become law, however. Similar bills were dead on ar-rival the first time that the Speaker brought it up, and it is not going any-where this time. 
This vote, pandering to the most ex-
treme voices at the expense of a jobs bill or the first vote on a national man-ufacturing plan or the first vote to re-pair our crumbling roads and bridges, takes away the time to deal with those important issues and continues this House on the road to another repeal of the ACA. 
f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
AND SEXUAL SERVITUDE 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, human sex trafficking continues to be a major problem plagu-ing both America and countries around the globe. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity cumulatively estimates there are approximately 1.4 million victims of sexual servitude at any one time on an international scale; furthermore, the FBI has estimated that over 300,000 American children are at risk of sexual exploitation and trafficking annually. 
Last week, the House moved forward 
on several pieces of legislation aimed at preventing and combating this hor-rific fact. I am proud to have cospon-sored and voted in favor of several bills last week which diverted more finan-cial and labor-intensive resources to countering these atrocities. 
These bills include H.R. 514, the 
Human Trafficking Prioritization Act, and H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, among others. Each of these bills passed with overwhelming bipartisan 
support and will be commonsense steps in the path towards shutting down these operations. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to con-
tinuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support fur-ther actions that will further protect these vulnerable populations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANGELA DANISON 
(Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mrs. Angela Danison, a third grade teacher at Chassell Elementary School, as the Michigan Teacher of the Year. On be-half of all residents of northern Michi-gan, I wish to congratulate Mrs. Danison on earning this honorable dis-tinction. 
Loved by her students, fellow teach-
ers, and school administrators, Mrs. Danison’s dedication to teaching chil-dren is a credit to her hard work and attention to her students. Mrs. Danison decided that she wanted to help the next generation while she was still a high school student herself. She turned this dream into a successful, lifelong teaching career. 
On receiving the award, Mrs. Danison 
modestly stated the following: 
Educators work so hard, and there is a lot 
of time where you just don’t feel worthy be-cause there are a lot of other dedicated peo-ple working around you. 
Mr. Speaker, I submit to you that 
Mrs. Danison is certainly a worthy re-cipient, and I applaud her hard work and dedication. 
f 
REMEMBERING VICKY CHAMBERS 
(Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, today, I rise with great sadness to express the loss of a true public serv-ant. 
Longtime Lula councilwoman and 
Mayor Pro Tem Vicky Chambers sus-tained serious injuries when a drunk driver hit her car head-on on January 18. Tragically, Vicky succumbed to her injuries several days later. 
She served Hall County and Banks 
County in many capacities for well over a decade, including years on the Lula City Council. Vicky was well known for her volunteer activity. She generously gave her time to the Lula Area Betterment Association, the Lula Downtown Development Authority, Hall County and Banks County ceme-tery restoration, area animal rescue, and the Lula Historical Society. 
Lula will miss Vicky’s compassion, 
her optimism, and smiling face, but her legacy will live on in the northeast Georgia town she clearly loved. 
My wife, Lisa—whose home town is 
Lula—and I express our extended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.005 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H673 February 2, 2015 
heartfelt prayers and condolences to 
Vicky’s family, friends, and colleagues during this very difficult time. 
It is in tragedies like this that we re-
member public servants serve first those around us, and when they are gone, they are missed. 
Vicky, we will miss you. 
f 
THE BUDGET MESSAGE OF THE 
PRESIDENT—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–3) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
After a breakthrough year for Amer-
ica, our economy is growing and cre-ating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999, and in 58 months we have created over 11 million jobs. Our unemploy-ment rate is now lower than it was be-fore the financial crisis. More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before. We are as free from the grip of foreign oil as we’ve been in al-most 30 years. Thanks to the hard work, resilience, and determination of the American people over the last six years, the shadow of crisis has passed. 
With a growing economy, shrinking 
deficits, bustling industry, and boom-ing energy production, we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other Nation on Earth. It’s now up to us to choose what kind of country we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come. Will we accept an economy where pros-perity belongs to a few and opportunity remains out of reach for too many? Or will we commit ourselves to an econ-omy that generates rising incomes and chances for everyone who makes the ef-fort? 
Over the last six years, we’ve seen 
that middle-class economic works. We’ve reaffirmed one of our most fun-damental values as Americans: that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, does their fair share, and plays by the same set of rules. 
The ideas I offer in this Budget are 
designed to bring middle-class econom-ics into the 21st Century. These pro-posals are practical, not partisan. They’ll help working families feel more secure with paychecks that go further, help American workers upgrade their skills, so they can compete for higher- paying jobs, and help create the condi-tions for our businesses to keep gener-ating good new jobs for our workers to fill. The Budget will do these things while fulfilling our most basic respon-sibility to keep Americans safe. We will make these investments and end the harmful spending cuts known as se-questration, by cutting inefficient spending, and closing tax loopholes. We 
will also put our Nation on a more sus-tainable fiscal path by achieving $1.8 trillion in deficit reduction, primarily from reforms in health programs, our tax code, and immigration. 
First, middle-class economics means 
helping working families afford the cornerstones of economic security: child care, college, health care, a home, and retirement. We will help working families tackle the high costs of child care and make ends meet by tripling the maximum child care credit for middle-class families with young children, increasing it to up to $3,000 per child, expanding child care assist-ance to all eligible low-income families with children under four by the end of 10 years, and making preschool avail-able to all four-year-olds. 
The Budget also provides middle- 
class families more flexibility at work by encouraging States to develop paid family leave programs. Today, we’re the only advanced country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave to our workers. Forty-three million workers have no paid sick leave, which forces too many parents to make the gut-wrenching choice between a paycheck and a sick kid at home. It’s time to change that. For many families in today’s economy, having both parents in the workforce isn’t a luxury, it’s an economic neces-sity. 
Second, middle-class economics 
means making sure more Americans have the chance to earn the skills and education they need to keep earning higher wages down the road. The Budg-et calls for new investments and inno-vation that will expand preschool and invest in high-quality early education for America’s youngest learners, pro-vide more help to disadvantaged stu-dents and the schools that serve them, better prepare and support teachers, and transform our high schools so they help all students graduate prepared for college and career. 
In a 21st Century economy that re-
wards knowledge more than ever, our efforts must reach higher than high school. By the end of this decade, two- thirds of job openings will require some higher education, and no American should be priced out of the education they need. Over the course of my Ad-ministration, we have increased Pell Grants, and the Budget continues to ensure that they will keep pace with inflation over time. The Budget also includes a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college tuition for responsible students, to zero. Forty percent of college students attend com-munity college; some to learn a par-ticular skill, others as a path to a four- year degree. It is time for two years of college to become as free and universal in America as high school is today. 
Even as we help give our students the 
chance to succeed, we also must work together to give our workers the chance to retool. Last year, the Con-gress came together and passed impor-tant improvements to the Nation’s job 
training system with the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. To build on this progress, the pro-posals in this Budget support more in- person career counseling for unem-ployed workers and double the number of workers receiving training through the workforce development system. My plan would also expand the successful ‘‘learn-as-you-earn’’ approaches that our European counterparts use success-fully by investing in the expansion of registered apprenticeships that allow workers to learn new skills while they are earning a paycheck. The Budget would also ensure that training leads 
to high-quality jobs by investing in projects that feature strong employer partnerships, include work-based learn-ing, and develop new employer-vali-dated credentials. 
As we welcome home a new genera-
tion of returning heroes, the Budget makes sure they have the chance to live the American Dream they helped defend. It invests in the five pillars I have outlined to support our Nation’s veterans: providing the resources and funding they deserve; ensuring high- quality and timely health care; getting veterans their earned benefits quickly and efficiently; ending veteran home-lessness; and helping veterans and their families get good jobs, education, and access to affordable housing. 
Third, middle-class economics means 
creating the kind of environment that helps businesses start here, stay here, and hire here. We want to build on the growth we have seen in the manufac-turing sector, where more than 750,000 new jobs have been created over the last 58 months. To create jobs, con-tinue growth in the industry, and strengthen America’s leadership in ad-vanced manufacturing technology, the Budget funds a national network of 45 manufacturing institutes, building on the nine already funded through 2015. As part of the manufacturing initia-tive, the Budget also launches a Scale- Up Fund, funded through a public-pri-vate partnership to help ensure that if a technology is invented in the United States, it can be made in the United States. The Budget proposes an invest-ment fund to help startup companies produce the goods they have developed. Taken together, these investments will help ensure that America keeps mak-ing things the rest of the world wants to buy and will also help create manu-facturing jobs for the future. 
Our Nation thrives when we are lead-
ing the world with cutting-edge tech-nology in manufacturing, infrastruc-ture, clean energy, and other growing fields. That is why the Budget includes investments in cutting-edge advanced manufacturing research—to make sure we are leading the way in creating technology that supports our manufac-turing sector; biomedical research— like our BRAIN initiative, which stud-ies the brain to offer new insight into diseases like Alzheimer’s, and Preci-sion Medicine, which can improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.007 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H674 February 2, 2015 
health outcomes and better treat dis-
eases; or, agricultural research—look-ing at climate resilience and sustain-ability. These investments have the po-tential to create high-wage jobs, im-prove lives, and open the door to new industries, resulting in sustainable eco-nomic growth. 
As our economy continues to grow, 
our Nation’s businesses and workers also need a stronger infrastructure that works in the new economy—mod-ern ports, stronger bridges, better roads, faster trains, and better broadband. The Budget proposes to build a 21st Century infrastructure that creates jobs for thousands of con-struction workers and engineers, con-nects hardworking Americans to their jobs, and makes it easier for businesses to transport goods. The Budget would do more to repair and modernize our existing roads and bridges, while ex-panding transit systems to link com-munities and support workers. 
These proposals will put more money 
in middle-class pockets, raise wages, and bring more high-paying jobs to America. To pay for them, the Budget will cut inefficient spending and close tax loopholes to make sure that every-one pays their fair share. The Budget closes loopholes that punish businesses investing domestically and reward companies that keep profits abroad, and uses some of the savings created to rebuild our aging infrastructure. The Budget closes loopholes that perpet-uate inequality by allowing the top one percent of Americans to avoid paying any taxes on their accumulated wealth and uses that money to help more young people go to college. The Budget simplifies the system so that a small business owner can file based on her ac-tual bank statement, instead of the number of accountants she can afford. It is time for tax reform that at its core is about helping working families afford child care and college, and plan for retirement, and above all, get a leg up in the new economy. 
Of course, we cannot separate our 
work here at home from challenges be-yond our shores. By winding down the wars overseas and lowering war spend-ing, we’ve strengthened our economy and shrunk our deficits. But we still face threats to our security that we must address. 
The Budget supports our efforts to 
degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL. We are leading over 60 partners in a global effort that will take time and steady resolve. As I made clear in my State of the Union address, I am call-ing on the Congress to show the world that we are united in this mission by passing a bill to authorize the use of force against ISIL. 
The Budget supports our efforts to 
counter Russian pressure and aggres-sive actions in concert with our Euro-pean allies, by funding support for Ukraine’s democracy and efforts to re-assure our NATO allies. 
We also must look beyond the issues 
that have consumed us in the past to shape the coming century. This Budget 
provides the resources we need to de-fend the Nation against cyber-attacks. No foreign nation, no hacker, should be able to shut down our networks, steal our trade secrets, or invade the privacy of American families. In addition to in-creasing funding to protect our Nation against cyber-attacks, I continue to 
urge the Congress to finally pass the legislation we need to meet this evolv-ing threat. 
The Budget invests in our efforts to 
confront the threat posed by infectious diseases like Ebola—here at home, and internationally. It provides resources to support the Global Health Security Agenda, increases funding to eradicate polio and other global health chal-lenges, and creates a new Impact Fund for targeted global HIV/AIDS efforts. In addition, the Budget increases fund-ing for domestic preparedness efforts to more effectively and efficiently re-spond to potential, future outbreaks here at home and dedicates funding for States to develop HIV Plans to help them reach the goals of the National HIV/AIDS Strategy. 
The Budget also capitalizes on his-
toric opportunities in Asia and the Pa-cific—where we are modernizing alli-ances, opening new markets, and mak-ing sure that other nations play by the rules—in how they trade, resolve dis-putes, and do their part to confront the biggest challenges we face. 
No challenge poses a greater threat 
to future generations than climate change. Fourteen of our planet’s 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century. The world’s best scientists are telling us that our activities are changing the climate, and if we do not act forcefully, we’ll continue to see rising oceans, longer, hotter heat waves, dangerous droughts and floods, and massive dis-ruptions that can trigger greater mi-gration, conflict, and hunger around the globe. The Pentagon says that cli-mate change poses immediate risks to our national security. And as discussed in the Budget, the significant costs to inaction on climate change hit the Federal Government’s bottom-line di-rectly, as worsening climate impacts create Government liabilities. That’s why this Budget takes action on cli-mate by supporting the Climate Action Plan that I released in 2013 with invest-ments to accelerate carbon pollution reductions, to build on-the-ground partnerships with local communities and help them put in place strategies for greater resilience to climate change impacts, and to support America’s leadership abroad on this important moral and fiscal issue. 
Beyond these critical investments, 
the Budget also supports my Manage-ment Agenda, which seeks to create a Government for the future that is more efficient, effective, and supportive of economic growth. The Budget includes initiatives to improve the service we provide to the American public; to le-verage the Federal Government’s buy-ing power to bring more value and effi-
ciency to how we use taxpayer dollars; to open Government data and research to the private sector to drive innova-tion and economic growth; to promote smarter information technology; and, to attract and retain the best talent in the Federal workforce. The Budget in-cludes proposals to consolidate and re-
organize Government agencies to make them leaner and more efficient, and it increases the use of evidence and eval-uation to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent wisely on programs that work. 
The Congress can also help grow the 
economy, reduce deficits, and strength-en Social Security by passing com-prehensive immigration reform. Last year, I took a series of executive ac-tions to crack down on illegal immi-gration at the border; prioritize deport-ing felons, not families; and allow cer-tain undocumented immigrants who register and pass criminal and national security background checks to start paying their fair share of taxes and stay in the United States without fear of deportation. I also took action to streamline the legal immigration sys-tem for talented STEM students, entre-preneurs, and business. These actions will raise average wages for all Amer-ican workers and reduce the deficit. But this is only a first step toward real reform, and as I have said before, the Congress should act on the more com-prehensive reform that only changes in the law can provide. Independent economists say immigration reform will grow our economy and shrink our deficits by almost $1 trillion over 20 years. It is time to fix our broken sys-tem and help grow our economy by passing comprehensive immigration re-form. 
The Budget also builds on the 
progress we have made ensuring that every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health insurance. The Affordable Care Act has helped to provide millions more Americans get covered. It has forced insurance companies to play by the rules by prohibiting discrimination for pre-existing conditions and elimi-nating lifetime insurance caps. It has also helped to put our Nation on a more sustainable fiscal path by slowing the growth of health care costs. The Budget includes additional reforms and cost saving proposals to continue en-couraging high-quality and efficient health care. 
This Budget shows what we can do if 
we invest in America’s future and com-mit ourselves to an economy that re-wards hard work, generates rising in-comes, and allows everyone to share in the prosperity of a growing America. It lays out a strategy to strengthen our middle class, and help America’s hard- working families get ahead in a time of relentless economic and technological change. 
Fifteen years into this new century, 
and six years after the darkest days of the financial crisis, we have picked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.005 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H675 February 2, 2015 
ourselves up, dusted ourselves off, and 
begun again the work of remaking America. We’ve laid a new foundation. A brighter future is ours to write. This Budget will help us begin this new chapter together. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , February 2, 2015. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 27 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1704 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 
5 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
MEDICAL PREPAREDNESS 
ALLOWABLE USE ACT 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 361) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to cod-ify authority under existing grant guidance authorizing use of Urban Area Security Initiative and State Home-land Security Grant Program funding for enhancing medical preparedness, medical surge capacity, and mass pro-phylaxis capabilities. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 361 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medical Pre-
paredness Allowable Use Act’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF CERTAIN HOMELAND SECURITY 
GRANT FUNDS FOR ENHANCING MEDICAL PREPAREDNESS, MEDICAL SURGE CAPACITY, AND MASS PRO-PHYLAXIS CAPABILITIES. 
Section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by redesignating para-
graphs (10) through (13) as paragraphs (11) through (14), respectively, and by inserting after paragraph (9) the following: 
‘‘(10) enhancing medical preparedness, 
medical surge capacity, and mass prophy-laxis capabilities, including the development and maintenance of an initial pharma-ceutical stockpile, including medical kits, and diagnostics sufficient to protect first re-
sponders, their families, immediate victims, and vulnerable populations from a chemical or biological event;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking 
‘‘(a)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(11)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gen-
tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AYNE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 361, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act, introduced by my colleague and the former chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Pre-paredness, Response, and Communica-tions, Congressman B
ILIRAKIS . 
This bill amends the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 to make it clear that grant funds under the State Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Area Security Initiative may be used to enhance medical preparedness and purchase medical countermeasures. 
The grant guidance for these pro-
grams currently allows funds to be used for medical preparedness equip-ment and activities. This bill codifies those activities to ensure that they will continue to be allowable, and it will not cost any additional money to do so. 
We have seen the benefits that grant 
funds, including those used for medical preparedness activities, have provided when it comes to response capabilities. This was clearly demonstrated in the response to the Boston Marathon bombings. 
We know that the threat of a chem-
ical or biological attack is real. We must ensure that our first responders have the tools and capabilities they need if such an event should occur. 
As a result of this bill, grant funds 
could be used for items such as predeployed medical kits for first re-sponders and their families, caches of equipment, training and exercises, and planning activities. 
Identical language to H.R. 361 was 
approved by the Committee on Home-land Security last year by a bipartisan voice vote and passed the House by a vote of 391–2. 
Mr. Speaker, as a pharmacist and 
someone whose coastal district lives under constant threat of hurricanes, floods, and other natural disasters, I know firsthand the benefits that these types of equipment and activities can 
provide for our first responders and the citizens that they protect. 
I urge Members to support this bill, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 361, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 361 would author-
ize grant recipients under the Home-land Security Grant or Urban Area Se-curity Initiative Program to use fund-ing to enhance medical preparedness and medical surge capacity. 
Currently, the Federal Emergency 
Management Agency already permits grantees to use these funds for such purposes. However, enactment of this measure into law will give some pre-dictability to the grant recipients as they struggle to build and maintain medical response capabilities at the State and local levels. 
Over the course of the past year, our 
doctors, nurses, and emergency service personnel have responded to outbreaks of Ebola, measles, D68, and other con-tagious diseases. 
Although none of these outbreaks 
were the result of bioterrorism, they nevertheless served as a reminder that medical preparedness is a critical com-ponent of our national preparedness. 
I commend the gentleman from Flor-
ida for working with the Homeland Se-curity Committee to make sure that medical preparedness continues to re-main a priority at the Federal, State, and local level. 
I would be remiss if I did not take 
this time and opportunity to express my support for the reauthorization of the Metropolitan Medical Response System, which would provide dedicated funds to medical preparedness activi-ties. 
I would also note that Members may 
be here today to discuss the use of grant funding, but overshadowing this debate is a more immediate obstacle to the effectiveness of DHS’ grant pro-grams: the fact that Congress has not passed a full-year funding for the De-partment of Homeland Security that the President can sign into law. 
Mr. Speaker, I will place into the 
R
ECORD a Washington Post editorial 
piece entitled, ‘‘GOP holds security hostage to immigration.’’ It under-scores the urgent need for gamesman-ship over immigration to be put aside for the betterment of national secu-rity. 
With respect to the measure before 
us today, I would note that, without funding, neither the Urban Area Secu-rity Initiative nor the State Homeland Security Grant Program will be work-ing to build medical preparedness capa-bilities, or any other capability, at the State and local level. 
Ask any first responder, and they 
will tell you: These grant programs are essential to building, maintaining, and exercising important preparedness ca-pabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.005 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H676 February 2, 2015 
Representing the 10th Congressional 
District, I have seen firsthand how these programs have bolstered capa-bilities, both in Newark and Jersey City. Delays or cuts to these programs only punish first responders and med-ical services personnel, and the citizens whom they are charged with pro-tecting. 
GOP H OLDS SECURITY HOSTAGE TO  
IMMIGRATION  
[By Editorial Board, February 1, 2015] 
How far will Republicans in Congress take 
their reckless flirtation with undermining government this time? 
Will they, as seems increasingly likely, fail 
to pass a bill that the president can sign en-suring adequate funding for the Department of Homeland Security and its 280,000 employ-ees before the agency’s support expires Feb. 27? Are they ready to let funding lapse, se-cure in the knowledge that Border Patrol of-ficers, Secret Service agents, airport secu-rity personnel and other so-called essential employees would still have to report to work—even though they would not be draw-ing paychecks? 
A number of prominent Republican law-
makers clearly believe that denying funding to the nation’s premier organ of domestic se-curity is no big deal, as long as the move ex-presses the GOP’s anger about President Obama’s executive actions on immigration. 
As Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (R-Fla.) put it 
to Politico: Letting the department’s fund-ing lapse would not be ‘‘the end of the world.’’ 
Mr. Diaz-Balart’s complacency may come 
as news to Americans concerned about the risk of terrorism in the wake of attacks in Paris, Ottawa, Sydney and elsewhere. It cer-tainly came as news to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh C. Johnson, as well as his three predecessors—Democrat Janet Napoli-tano and Republicans Michael Chertoff and Tom Ridge—all of whom have warned GOP lawmakers not to conflate essential funding for the department with the political fight over immigration. 
House Republicans were deaf to such ap-
peals. Last month, they passed a bill fur-nishing the department with $40 billion in 
funding through September, the end of the current budget year. But they attached pro-visions to that bill, certain to draw a presi-dential veto, that would kill the administra-tion’s plan to temporarily protect several million undocumented immigrants from de-portation and repeal a program, in force since 2012, that offers a similar shield to peo-ple brought here illegally as children. 
There is room for legitimate debate over 
the president’s most recent unilateral moves on immigration, which we happen to agree represent executive overreach. If congres-sional Republicans want to attack those ac-tions responsibly, with discrete legislation, they are free to try—though they are un-likely to muster the votes to override a pres-idential veto. 
However, it is another thing to wield their 
frustration over immigration as a cudgel, holding hostage an entire department of gov-ernment that is critical to the nation’s secu-rity. That is as irresponsible as it is politi-cally ill advised. 
On Friday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch 
McConnell (R-Ky.) announced the body would consider the House bill this week, a sign that the GOP is persisting with its game of chicken. The bill is unlikely to attract the necessary 60 votes for passage, which would require a half-dozen Democratic defections. But there is no shortage of Republican law-makers who would rather try to antagonize the president than carry out the workaday task of funding the government. In the absence of a bill, the department’s 
funding lapses in less than a month. What happens in the intervening weeks will indi-cate whether Republicans are more inter-ested in gamesmanship or governance. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield as much time as he may con-sume to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), the spon-
sor of this legislation. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) as well. I also want to 
thank the ranking member for doing such a great job and working on this piece of legislation. 
I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 361, 
the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act. This legislation would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify that grant funds under the State Homeland Security Grant Pro-gram and the Urban Area Security Ini-tiative may be used to enhance medical preparedness and purchase medical countermeasures. 
I originally introduced the Medical 
Preparedness Allowable Use Act in 2012 after a series of hearings on medical countermeasures when I proudly served as chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. 
At these hearings, the need for this 
legislation was highlighted when we re-ceived numerous testimonies from the emergency response community on the importance of stockpiling medical countermeasures in the event of a WMD attack. 
This includes predeployed medical 
kits for first responders, as Mr. C
ARTER  
said, their families, and immediate vic-tims of widespread terrorist attacks on our homeland and natural disasters, re-sources similar to those provided to postal workers participating in the na-tional U.S. Postal Medical Counter-measures Dispensing Pilot Program. 
The grant guidance for the State 
Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Area Security Initiative cur-rently permits this funding to be used to procure medical countermeasures. It also allows for other medical prepared-ness and medical surge capacity equip-ment and activities. 
However, this guidance is developed 
on an annual basis. There is no guar-antee that these uses will be author-ized in the future. 
To be clear, as Mr. C
ARTER said, no 
new funding is authorized in this bill. However, the expenditures authorized and codified by the bill we are consid-ering today can make a big difference in protecting the public. 
If we are not safe, Mr. Speaker, noth-
ing else matters. 
b1715 
Codifying this authority will assist 
emergency responders in the event of an attack, providing certainty that grant funding may be used to support them now and in the future. We must have certainty. I consistently find myself in awe of 
our first responders and the sacrifices that they make on the public’s behalf. In the wake of recent terrorist attacks, such as the Boston Marathon bombing, I am committed to ensuring Congress fulfills its obligation to support those brave men and women responding to these various threats. 
I thank my colleagues, Representa-
tive S
USAN BROOKS and Representative 
PETER KING, for being original cospon-
sors and for their continued support with this legislation. I would also like to commend the chairman of the full Homeland Security Committee, Chair-man M
CCAUL, for his leadership in 
making this initiative a priority and also for being a cosponsor of this good bill. 
Finally, I would like to note that the 
Emergency Services Coalition for Med-ical Preparedness continues to endorse this bill and its intent. 
The Medical Preparedness Allowable 
Use Act passed the House with over-whelming bipartisan support in the last two Congresses; however, the Sen-ate never acted on this measure. With new leadership in the Senate, Mr. 
Speaker, I am hopeful that they can take this measure up quickly so that we can get this before the President to be signed into law. 
We have a responsibility to ensure 
our communities are prepared, equipped, and capable of executing countermeasures for future terrorist threats and natural disasters. Passage of H.R. 361 would truly aid our first re-sponders in this endeavor. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues 
to vote in favor of this great bill. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further requests for time on my side. If my colleague on the other side is ready to close, I am as well. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I have no further requests for time and am prepared to close. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, the Med-
ical Preparedness Allowable Use Act is a good bill, and it has my support. 
The gentleman from Florida has 
given us a piece of commonsense legis-lation, and this is the type of legisla-tion, when it comes to keeping our Na-tion safe during times of attack or nat-ural disaster, that we need. 
I also urge my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to support the passage of a clean DHS funding bill so that the States and urban areas across the country can continue building and maintaining critical preparedness ca-pabilities. 
Again, I would like to thank the gen-
tleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) 
for working with us on this issue, and I congratulate him on a wonderful bill that ensures that our Nation continues to be prepared in times of disaster. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 361, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, as I noted earlier, this bill enjoyed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.011 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H677 February 2, 2015 
broad bipartisan support last Congress. 
I hope Members will once again express their support for the men and women who protect us every day by voting for this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 361, the Medical Prepared-ness Allowable Use Act that was introduced by Congressman B
ILIRAKIS . Over the years, 
the Committee on Homeland Security has heard about the importance of medical coun-termeasures. 
This bill amends the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to make it clear that grant funds under the State Homeland Security Grant Program and Urban Area Security Initiative may be used to enhance medical preparedness and purchase medical countermeasures. We owe it to our emergency response community, our first responders, to ensure that they have every tool necessary to be prepared for and combat the threats they face every day and may face in the future. 
Over the years, we have seen that the in-
vestments in medical preparedness activities have provided positive benefits when it comes to response capabilities. This was clearly dem-onstrated in the response to the Boston Mara-thon bombings when the medical community was largely praised by all involved in the re-sponse. The Committee on Homeland Security heard testimony last year from the head of Boston Emergency Medical Services, Chief Hooley, who spoke about the importance of Homeland Security grant funding in their prep-aration for events such as the Boston Mara-thon Bombing. 
Sadly, we realize that the threat of a biologi-
cal or chemical or other attack is real. We therefore must do everything that we can to ensure that our first responders are prepared to combat the threat. 
This measure has passed the House both in 
the 112th and the 113th Congress with over-whelming bipartisan support. I ask my col-leagues to support this measure and my col-leagues in the Senate to do the same 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 361, the Medical Pre-paredness Allowable Use Act for two reasons. 
First, the bill will save lives. Second, the leg-
islation is necessary to support the vital work of first responders in the event of a biological and chemical terrorists attack or incident. 
The legislation provides for the development 
and maintenance of an initial pharmaceutical stockpile, including medical kits, and diagnostics sufficient to protect first respond-ers, their families, and immediate victims from a chemical or biological event. 
The Medical Preparedness Allowable Use 
Act will amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the use of Urban Area Se-curity Initiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding for: enhancing medical preparedness, medical surge capacity, and mass prophylaxis capabilities. 
This legislation ensures that first responders 
have necessary medicines and treatments to protect themselves, their families and those within their vicinity immediately should a bio-logical and chemical terrorist attack occur. 
In short, first responders will not be able to 
do the work of saving lives if they fall victim to an attack or are distracted by worry regard-ing how their family may be fairing during a bi-ological or chemical attack should one occur. First responders often include law enforce-
ment officers, fire fighters, and emergency medical personnel. 
The city of Houston covers over a 1000 
square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has an evening population of nearly two million people and over three million during the day when commuters are in the city. 
There are 103 Fire Stations that serve the 
city of Houston with most offering ambulance or medic support, but there is only one station Number 22 that Specializes in Hazardous Ma-terial. 
In the city of Houston one out of every ten 
citizens use Emergency Management Services (EMS) and within a year there are over 200,000 EMS incidents involving over 225,000 patients or potential patients. 
EMS response services have 88 City of 
Houston EMS vehicles, with just under fifty percent staffed by two paramedics and can provide Advanced Life Support (ALS) to pa-tients. 
These consist of 15 ALS Squads, and 22 
ALS transport units with eight functioning in a ‘‘Dual’’ capacity as both Advanced Life Sup-port and Basic Life Support (BLS). 
The remaining fifty-one transport units are 
Basic Life Support (BLS), and staffed by two Emergency Medical Technicians. 
Law enforcement agencies that serve the 
city of Houston include the Houston Police De-partment, Harris County Sheriff’s Department, Harris County Constables, Port of Houston Authority Police and Corrections Officers. 
Because of the nature of chemical or bio-
logical terrorist attacks mass casualties are the objective and the impressive resources of our nation’s 4th largest city would likely be overwhelmed immediately should an attack occur it is important to provide them with the resources provided by this legislation. 
The prepositioning of resources in the form 
of medicines that can support pulmonary res-piratory function or arrest neurological damage as a result of poisoning lives can be saved that could otherwise be lost. This bill can re-duce deaths and give victims the greatest chance for survival and recovery. 
Emergency responders because of this bill 
would have treatments in the communities where they serve and live to help neighbors, co-workers, and people who are immediate need to live saving help. 
As a senior member of the House Home-
land Security Committee, I am mindful of the need for our first responders to be prepared and well trained to manage a wide range of potential threats both conventional and uncon-ventional. 
This bill offers one more resource that will 
be available to first responders to do the work they have dedicated their lives to doing—sav-ing lives. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting H.R. 361 the Medical Preparedness Al-lowable Use Act for two reasons. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 361. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY INTEROPERABLE COM-MUNICATIONS ACT 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 615) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-quire the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 615 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Homeland Security Interoperable Commu-nications Act’’ or the ‘‘DHS Interoperable Communications Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INCLUSION OF INTEROPERABLE COMMU-
NICATIONS CAPABILITIES IN RE-SPONSIBILITIES OF UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR MANAGEMENT. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4) of subsection (a), by in-
serting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, including policies and directives to achieve and maintain interoperable com-munications among the components of the Department’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) I
NTEROPERABLE COMMUNICATIONS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘interoper-
able communications’ means the ability of components of the Department to commu-nicate with each other as necessary, uti-lizing information technology systems and radio communications systems to exchange voice, data, and video in real time, as nec-essary, for acts of terrorism, daily oper-ations, planned events, and emergencies.’’. 
SEC. 3. STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a strategy, which shall be updated as necessary, for achieving and maintaining interoperable communications (as such term is defined in subsection (d) of section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act) among the components of the De-partment of Homeland Security, including for daily operations, planned events, and emergencies, with corresponding milestones, that includes, at a minimum the following: 
(1) An assessment of interoperability gaps 
in radio communications among the compo-nents of the Department, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) Information on efforts and activities, 
including current and planned policies, di-rectives, and training, of the Department since November 1, 2012, to achieve and main-tain interoperable communications among 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.013 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H678 February 2, 2015 
the components of the Department, and 
planned efforts and activities of the Depart-ment to achieve and maintain such inter-operable communications. 
(3) An assessment of obstacles and chal-
lenges to achieving and maintaining inter-operable communications among the compo-nents of the Department. 
(4) Information on, and an assessment of, 
the adequacy of mechanisms available to the Under Secretary for Management to enforce and compel compliance with interoperable communications policies and directives of the Department. 
(5) Guidance provided to the components of 
the Department to implement interoperable communications policies and directives of the Department. 
(6) The total amount of funds expended by 
the Department since November 1, 2012, and projected future expenditures, to achieve interoperable communications, including on equipment, infrastructure, and maintenance. 
(7) Dates upon which Department-wide 
interoperability is projected to be achieved for voice, data, and video communications, respectively, and interim milestones that correspond to the achievement of each such mode of communication. 
(b) S
UPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL .—Together 
with the strategy required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Management shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate informa-tion on any intra-agency effort or task force that has been delegated certain responsibil-ities by the Under Secretary relating to achieving and maintaining interoperable communications among the components of the Department by the dates referred to in paragraph (9) of subsection (a), and on who, within each such component, is responsible for implementing policies and directives issued by the Under Secretary to so achieve and maintain such interoperable commu-nications. 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than 220 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act and biannually thereafter, the Under Secretary for Manage-ment shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the status of efforts, since the issuance of the strategy required under section 3, to implement such strategy, including the following: 
(1) Progress on each interim milestone re-
ferred to in paragraph (9) of subsection (a) toward achieving and maintaining interoper-able communications among the components of the Department. 
(2) Information on any policies, directives, 
guidance, and training established by the Under Secretary. 
(3) An assessment of the level of compli-
ance, adoption, and participation among the components of the Department with the poli-cies, directives, guidance, and training es-tablished by the Under Secretary to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among such components. 
(4) Information on any additional resources 
or authorities needed by the Under Sec-retary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gen-
tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AYNE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 615, the Department of Home-land Security Interoperable Commu-nications Act, introduced by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), 
the ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. 
This bill amends the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 to include, among the responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security’s Under Secretary for Management, achieving and main-taining interoperable communications among the Department’s components. 
H.R. 615 addresses the findings and 
recommendations of a November 2012 DHS Office of Inspector General report, which stated that the Department does not have the appropriate oversight or governance structure to ensure com-munications interoperability among its components. 
The Department has been in the fore-
front on working with stakeholders to provide our Nation’s first responders with the resources and tools needed to have effective interoperable commu-nications. Now the Department needs to practice what they preach. It is vital that the Department’s components are able to effectively communicate day to day and, most importantly, during emergencies. 
Mr. Speaker, I recently visited our 
southwest border and met with men and women from the Border Patrol, Customs and Border Protection, and the Coast Guard who are on the front lines of our efforts to secure the bor-der. It is vital that they have the abil-ity to communicate with one another and personnel from other DHS compo-nents as they work to achieve their vital missions. 
In order to ensure the Department is 
taking the necessary steps to achieve and maintain interoperable commu-nications capabilities, H.R. 615 requires the Department’s Under Secretary for Management to submit an interoper-able communications strategy to the Committee on Homeland Security no later than 120 days after enactment. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 615, the Department of Home-land Security Interoperable Commu-nications Act. My goal today is to put the Department of Homeland Security 
on the path to achieving agencywide interoperable communications. 
Almost 15 years ago, courageous first 
responders raced to Lower Manhattan, to an area that came to be known as Ground Zero. In the days that followed, first responders from neighboring juris-dictions, including Jersey City, re-sponded to help with response and re-covery efforts. 
Not long after these devastating at-
tacks, concerns were raised about the interoperability gaps that existed be-tween responders on that deadly Sep-tember day. The 9/11 Commission iden-tified improving interoperable commu-nications at all levels of government as a pressing recommendation. They em-phasized that both technology and gov-ernance are critical components of interoperable solutions and recognized DHS as the Federal agency responsible for spearheading such an effort. 
Though nationwide over $13 billion 
has been invested in achieving inter-operable communications at the State and local level, we are still not there. At DHS, over $430 million has been in-vested into communication capabilities for its 123,000 radio users since 2003. However, in 2012, the Department’s own top watchdog, the Office of Inspector General, found that DHS ‘‘personnel do not have reliable interoperable commu-nications for daily operations, planned events, and emergencies.’’ 
In May of 2014, the inspector general 
testified before the Homeland Security Subcommittee that, out of 479 field ra-dios that attempted to communicate on a specific channel, only one user could do so. That is a 99.8 percent fail-ure rate. 
Too often, communication failures 
are attributed to technology or a lack of resources. But here, technology is not the culprit; it is the scapegoat. In-deed, the inspector general found that DHS had not established protocols to ensure that practices are in place to achieve interoperability throughout the Department. 
H.R. 615, the DHS Interoperable Com-
munications Act, which I introduced with the gentlewoman from Indiana, Congresswoman S
USAN BROOKS , the 
former chair of the Emergency Pre-paredness Subcommittee, would direct the Under Secretary for Management to issue policies and directives related to interoperability, develop a strategy to achieve DHS-wide interoperability, and report to Congress biannually on the Department’s progress. 
Interoperable communications are 
essential to emergency response and Homeland Security operations. The men and women in uniform that serve and protect the 10th Congressional Dis-trict of New Jersey never miss an op-portunity to remind me of something we already know: interoperable com-munications save lives during disas-ters. 
Interoperable communications chal-
lenges must be addressed in a timely and thoughtful manner. Last Congress, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.009 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H679 February 2, 2015 
this Chamber unanimously approved 
legislation identical to the measure be-fore you today. Enactment of H.R. 615 into law would put DHS on the path to achieving interoperability. 
I would like to thank the former sub-
committee chairwoman, S
USAN  
BROOKS , for her dedicated efforts to 
work with me on this measure. I will miss working with her on this panel. 
I would also like to thank Ranking 
Member T
HOMPSON , Chairman M CCAUL, 
and the new chairwoman of the sub-committee, Ms. M
CSALLY , for their 
continued support in addressing this important issue. 
I urge my colleagues to support im-
proving interoperable communications at DHS by voting. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield such time as she may con-sume to the distinguished gentlelady from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), the former 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 615, the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act. 
I did have the opportunity to work on 
this bill with the fine gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications last Congress when I chaired the subcommittee. 
I am very pleased to see this bill on 
the floor today, and I want to thank Chairman M
CCAULand Ranking Mem-
ber T HOMPSON for bringing it back to 
the floor. 
The need for interoperable commu-
nications was highlighted, as the Con-gressman from New Jersey noted, by the 9/11 Commission after the Sep-tember 11 terrorist attacks. We know that much progress has been made by first responders across the country in gaining interoperability, and the Na-tionwide Public Safety Broadband Net-work that is being developed by the First Responder Network Authority will further contribute to these capa-bilities. 
However, as the Department of 
Homeland Security inspector general’s November 2012 report illustrated, the Department, itself, has not made suffi-cient progress in addressing its own interoperable communications capa-bilities. 
b1730 
H.R. 615 works to address this serious 
issue by requiring the Department’s Under Secretary for Management to develop a strategy for achieving and maintaining interoperable communica-tions between the DHS components. It requires DHS, as you have learned, to report to Congress on the progress it is making toward achieving milestones. 
As a former U.S. attorney who helped 
set up Indiana’s Anti-Terrorism Advi-sory Council after 9/11 and Indiana’s first fusion center, I know firsthand 
the importance of seamless commu-nication between first responders, espe-cially in times of crisis, including those in the Department of Homeland Security. 
Continued inability to make progress 
on interoperability can have serious consequences for public safety across our country. That is why Congress must hold our various law enforcement agencies, particularly those in Federal Government, accountable for commu-nicating clearly with one another to ensure we eliminate confusion, duplica-tion, and discord among those most necessary when lives are on the line. 
That is exactly what the gentleman 
from New Jersey’s bill does, and that is why I encourage my colleagues to sup-port, once again, this very important piece of legislation, and I thank him for his leadership. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ), the 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Effi-ciency. 
I am glad to have her join us here in 
Congress for her great ability in the State legislature, and she has removed me from being the lowest member in the delegation, off the bottom. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my colleague from New Jersey and fellow member of the Committee on Homeland Security, Mr. P
AYNE , and obviously my senior for 
yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of Ranking Member P AYNE ’s legisla-
tion, H.R. 615, the DHS Interoperable Communications Act. This common-sense, bipartisan legislation builds upon recommendations made by the Of-fice of Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security by requir-ing DHS to develop a strategy for achieving interoperable communica-tions among the Department’s compo-nents. 
During an emergency, be that a ter-
rorist attack or natural disaster such as Superstorm Sandy that devastated my home State of New Jersey, it is es-sential that first responders are able to communicate. 
It is also essential that components 
of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity are able to communicate with one another at all times. H.R. 615, as intro-duced by my colleague from New Jer-sey and before us on the floor today, seeks to make that aspiration a re-ality. 
Sadly, Mr. Speaker, in the 14 years 
since the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, we have still not reached the day where interoperable communications is a universal reality among State, local, and Federal agen-cies. Ranking Member P
AYNE ’s bill 
puts us on a path to fixing that reality as it relates to the Department of Homeland Security. 
Importantly, the bill clarifies and en-
hances the Department’s Under Sec-retary for Management’s responsibility 
for achieving and maintaining inter-operable communications among the components of DHS. By doing so, the bill focuses this important mission and will aid Congress in conducting the oversight necessary to see that the pol-icy goals of the bill are achieved. 
As ranking member of the Sub-
committee on Oversight and Manage-ment Efficiency, I look forward to con-ducting robust oversight of DHS’ oper-ations in many areas, including inter-operable communications. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the gen-
tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) 
for his work on this legislation and urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 615, the DHS Interoperable Com-munications Act. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I have no more speakers. If the gen-tleman from New Jersey has no further speakers, I am prepared to close once the gentleman does. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
more speakers, and I am prepared to close. 
Mr. Speaker, TSA must be able to 
talk to FEMA and the Coast Guard during an emergency, be it a terrorist incident or natural disaster. For that reason, the achievement of cross-com-ponent interoperable communications is essential to DHS’ being able to carry out its mission. 
H.R. 615 takes a responsible approach 
to addressing the oversight findings of the inspector general and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security about a serious operational gap at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security: interoper-ability. 
Moreover, an earlier version of this 
bipartisan measure passed the House unanimously last Congress. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 615. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is vital that the var-
ious component agencies at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security be able to communicate on a daily basis and par-ticularly in times of crisis. This bill will help to ensure these capabilities are implemented and maintained. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 615, the Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act for three reasons. The bill would address interoper-ability among information technology systems and radio communications systems to ex-change voice, data, and video in real time. 
First, the bill will save lives of first respond-
ers and those they seek to help. Second, the legislation is necessary to create a seamless level of communication among Department of Homeland Security components that are first responders to a terrorist attack, natural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.015 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H680 February 2, 2015 
or manmade disaster; and finally to meet the 
technological challenges of bridging the com-munication divide between different commu-nications systems used by first responders within the Department of Homeland Security. 
As a senior member of the House Com-
mittee on Homeland Security, I am well aware, as are many of my colleagues, of the essential and lifesaving role of communications during a crisis. 
Because the tragedy of September 11, 
2001, was compounded by communication failures among the brave first responders who entered the burning towers that comprised the World Trade Center it has been an imperative of the Homeland Security Committee to ad-dress first responder communication interoper-ability challenges. 
The number of first responders lost on that 
single day was the greatest loss of first re-sponders at any single event in U.S. History: 
343 New York City Fire Department fire-
fighters; 
23 New York City Police Department offi-
cers; 
37 Port Authority Police Department officers; 15 EMTs; and 3 court officers were casualties of the at-
tacks. 
The need for this bill authored by Congress-
man P
AYNE is evident. 
The City of Houston covers over a 1000 
square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has a night-time population of nearly two million people, which peaks with over three million daytime inhabitants. 
The city of Houston’s 9–1–1 Emergency 
Center manages nearly 9,000 emergency calls per day. The volume of emergency calls can easily double during times of inclement weath-er or special City social/sporting events like Hurricanes Ike in September 2008; and Katrina as well as Rita, which occurred in September and October of 2005). 
Annually, one out of every ten citizens uses 
EMS. 
There are over 200,000 EMS incidents in-
volving over 225,000 patients or potential pa-tients annually. On the average, EMS re-sponds to a citizen every 3 minutes. Each EMS response is made by one of 88 City of Houston EMS vehicles. 
In 2013, the City of Houston’s fire Depart-
ment lost Captain EMT Matthew Renaud, En-gineer Operator EMT Robert Bebee, Fire-fighter EMT Robert Garner and Probationary Firefighter Anne Sullivan when they responded to a hotel fire. 
Throughout the history of the Houston Po-
lice Department over 110 officers have lost their lives in the line of duty. 
Each member of the House of Representa-
tives knows of the loss of a first responder who was going to the aid of those in harm’s way. This bill will offer additional resources to the first responders of the Department of Homeland Security. 
The bill amends the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to include among the responsibilities of the Under Secretary for Management re-sponsibilities with respect to policies and di-rectives to achieve and maintain interoperable 
communications among the components of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). 
The Under Secretary of Homeland Security 
would submit to the House and Senate Home-land Security Committees a strategy, which shall be updated as necessary, for achieving and maintaining interoperable communica-tions, including for daily operations, planned events, and emergencies, with corresponding milestones, that includes: 
an assessment of interoperability gaps in 
radio communications DHS components, as of this Act’s enactment date; 
information on DHS efforts and activities, in-
cluding current and planned policies, direc-tives, and training, since November 1, 2012, to achieve and maintain interoperable commu-nications, and planned efforts and activities to achieve and maintain interoperable commu-nications; 
an assessment of obstacles and challenges 
to achieving and maintaining interoperable communications; 
information on, and an assessment of, the 
adequacy of mechanisms available to the Under Secretary to enforce and compel com-pliance with interoperable communications policies and directives of DHS; 
guidance provided to DHS components to 
implement interoperable communications poli-cies and directives; 
the total amount of funds expended by DHS 
since November 1, 2012, and projected future expenditures, to achieve interoperable com-munications; and 
dates upon which DHS-wide interoperability 
is projected to be achieved for voice, data, and video communications, respectively, and interim milestones. 
The bill ensures that the Department of 
Homeland Security would conduct a survey of intra-agency efforts or task forces that have been delegated responsibilities for achieving and maintaining interoperable communica-tions, and report on the status of these efforts, including: 
progress on each interim milestone; information on any policies, directives, guid-
ance, and training established by the Under Secretary of Homeland Security; 
an assessment of the level of compliance, 
adoption, and participation among the DHS components with the policies, directives, guid-ance, and training established by the Under Secretary; and 
information on any additional resources or 
authorities needed by the Under Secretary. 
This bill will ensure that the Department of 
Homeland Security’s first responders are pre-pared to meet the challenges of manmade or natural disasters. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in 
favor of H.R. 615. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of H.R. 615, the Department of Homeland Se-curity Interoperable Communications Act that was introduced by the Congressman P
AYNE . I 
am proud to join Ranking Member T HOMPSON  
and Congresswoman B ROOKS in cosponsoring 
this legislation that will begin to solve a prob-lem that continues to plague the Department 
of Homeland Security. 
This measure was written to address a No-
vember 2012 DHS Office of Inspector General report, which found that DHS lacks an effec-tive governance structure to ensure interoper-able communications among its components. This is unacceptable, and an issue that should be fixed, especially after the Department has been in existence for well over a decade. 
Component agencies of the Department of 
Homeland Security must be able to commu-nicate on a daily basis, and particularly in times of crisis. One of the benefits of have a Department of Homeland Security should be that components, including FEMA, ICE, and CBP, are able to act as one department and communicate at will. 
This bill requires the Department’s Under 
Secretary of Management to submit a strategy to the Committee on Homeland Security on achieving and maintaining interoperability with-in the Department. 
This measure passed the 113th Congress 
on a bipartisan vote and I urge all Members to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 615. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP 
ACT OF 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 623) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to au-thorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 623 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Media 
Working Group Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 318. SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish within the Department a social 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.011 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H681 February 2, 2015 
media working group (in this section re-
ferred to as the ‘Group’). 
‘‘(b) P URPOSE .—In order to enhance infor-
mation sharing between the Department and appropriate stakeholders, the Group shall provide guidance and best practices to the emergency preparedness and response com-munity on the use of social media tech-nologies before, during, and after a terrorist attack or other emergency. 
‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall serve as the permanent chairperson of the Group, and shall designate, on a rotating basis, a rep-resentative from a State or local govern-ment who is a member of the Group to serve as co-chairperson. The Under Secretary shall establish term limits for individuals ap-pointed to the Group pursuant to paragraph (2). Membership of the Group shall be com-posed of a cross section of subject matter ex-perts from Federal, State, local, tribal, and nongovernmental organization practitioners, including representatives from the following entities: 
‘‘(A) The Office of Public Affairs of the De-
partment. 
‘‘(B) The Office of the Chief Information 
Officer of the Department. 
‘‘(C) The Privacy Office of the Department. ‘‘(D) The Federal Emergency Management 
Agency. 
‘‘(E) The Office of Disability Integration 
and Coordination of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
‘‘(F) The American Red Cross. ‘‘(G) The Forest Service. ‘‘(H) The Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention. 
‘‘(I) The United States Geological Survey. ‘‘(J) The National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Under Sec-
retary for Science and Technology shall ap-point, on a rotating basis, qualified individ-uals to the Group. The total number of such additional members shall— 
‘‘(A) be equal to or greater than the total 
number of regular members under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) not fewer than three representatives 
from the private sector; and 
‘‘(ii) representatives from— ‘‘(I) State, local, and tribal entities, in-
cluding from— 
‘‘(aa) law enforcement; ‘‘(bb) fire services; ‘‘(cc) emergency management; and ‘‘(dd) public health entities; ‘‘(II) universities and academia; and ‘‘(III) non-profit disaster relief organiza-
tions. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION WITHNON-MEMBERS .— 
To the extent practicable, the Group shall work with existing bodies in the public and private sectors to carry out subsection (b). 
‘‘(e) M
EETINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Group shall hold its initial meeting. Such initial meeting may be held virtually. 
‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT MEETINGS .—After the ini-
tial meeting under paragraph (1), the Group shall meet at least twice each year, or at the call of the Chairperson. Such subsequent meetings may be held virtually. 
‘‘(f) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Fed-
eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) 
shall not apply to the Group. 
‘‘(g) R EPORTS .—Not later than March 30 of 
each year, the Group shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
‘‘(1) A review of current and emerging so-
cial media technologies being used to sup-port preparedness and response activities re-
lated to terrorist attacks and other emer-gencies. 
‘‘(2) A review of best practices and lessons 
learned on the use of social media during the response to terrorist attacks and other emer-gencies that occurred during the period cov-ered by the report at issue. 
‘‘(3) Recommendations to improve the De-
partment’s use of social media for emer-gency management purposes. 
‘‘(4) Recommendations to improve public 
awareness of the type of information dis-seminated through social media, and how to access such information, during a terrorist attack or other emergency. 
‘‘(5) Recommendations to improve infor-
mation sharing among the Department and its components. 
‘‘(6) Recommendations to improve infor-
mation sharing among State and local gov-ernments. 
‘‘(7) A review of available training for Fed-
eral, State, local, and tribal officials on the use of social media in response to a terrorist attack or other emergency. 
‘‘(8) A summary of coordination efforts 
with the private sector to discuss and resolve legal, operational, technical, privacy, and se-curity concerns.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 317 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 318. Social media working group.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) and the gentle-
woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 623. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 623, the Social Media Working Group Act of 2015. 
Social media is transforming the way 
the Nation is communicating before, during, and after terrorist attacks, natural disasters, and other emer-gencies. There are countless examples from recent events of how citizens are turning to Facebook, Twitter, and even Instagram for public safety informa-tion, to comfort survivors, and to re-quest assistance. 
For example, during the height of the 
most recent winter storm Juno in the Northeast, there were over 20,000 posts using the hashtag #blizzardof2015. 
A quarter of Americans—let me re-
peat that—a quarter of Americans got information about the devastating ter-rorist attack at the 2013 Boston Mara-thon from Facebook and Twitter. 
Immediately following that attack 
and during the manhunt, the Boston Police Department utilized social 
media as a way to communicate with and solicit information from citizens and visitors. 
In fact, the first official announce-
ment that Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had been captured was not through a traditional press conference, but it was through the Bos-ton Police Department’s Twitter ac-count. That post was retweeted more than 135,000 times. 
These examples prove that social 
media has become one of the primary ways we share information. 
In the 113th Congress, I served as the 
chair of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications with the gentleman from New Jersey as my ranking mem-ber. Our subcommittee held two hear-ings that focused on this new phe-nomenon, and we learned that while the Nation is making great strides in this area, gaps and challenges remain. 
One of the key takeaways from these 
hearings was that during and after a terrorist attack, natural disaster, or other emergency, there is still a need for better communication between the public sector and the private sector, specifically with how we utilize social media as a communication tool. 
Last year, I introduced this bill, 
along with Ranking Member P
AYNE , 
Chairman M CCAUL, Representative 
PALAZZO , and Representative 
SWALWELL , to address this issue; and I 
am pleased now to reintroduce the bill this Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 623 addresses the 
issues we heard in our hearings by au-thorizing and enhancing the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s Virtual Social Media Working Group to ensure information sharing between the De-partment and appropriate stakeholders and the leveraging of best practices. 
Currently, the Virtual Social Media 
Working Group, which is made up mostly of State and local officials, is doing great work in developing guid-ance documents on how to utilize so-cial media during disasters. In fact, it produced a lessons learned paper on so-cial media usage during Hurricane Sandy. 
This bill will increase the working 
group’s stakeholder participation, par-ticularly among the private sector and Federal response agencies, thereby cre-ating a Whole Community dialogue on this issue. 
The bill will require this group to 
submit an annual report to Congress highlighting best practices, lessons learned, and any recommendations. Fi-nally, this bill will require the group to meet in person or virtually at least twice a year, and it will not be a finan-cial burden on the Department. 
In today’s day and age, when new so-
cial media platforms and technologies can change the game almost instantly, we must ensure our critical first re-sponders are nimble enough to adapt to an ever-changing landscape. This group is one way to help facilitate this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.014 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H682 February 2, 2015 
The House passed this bill last Con-
gress with strong bipartisan support. I now want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Chairman B ARLETTA of the Trans-
portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee for working with the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and me to get this bill to the floor today. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to join 
me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate and com-
mend Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
PAYNE of New Jersey for sponsoring 
the Social Media Working Group Act of 2013 which addresses an emerging and important topic in emergency manage-ment. 
More and more, we are seeing social 
media, especially Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, playing a critical role in the preparedness, response, and recov-ery operations in emergency situa-tions. 
In the past few years, social media 
has become a valuable tool that has been used by emergency managers at all levels to warn those in harm’s way of impending natural disasters. I might add that the same could occur in ter-rorist disasters. 
Moreover, it has been used to inform 
survivors of how to access disaster as-sistance and tips for speedier recovery. Equally important, social media has been used to coordinate and manage as-sistance from nonprofits and volun-teers who want to help in recovery ef-forts. 
It is not just emergency managers 
who use social media regarding emer-gencies. Individuals have used social media to help identify locations where assistance may still be needed and to raise awareness of impending hazards. They have used it to communicate with loved ones who may be impacted by an event, as well as to reconnect pets with their owners. 
It was no different here in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, Mr. Speaker, after 9/11, and I refer to the earthquake cen-tered in Mineral, Virginia, but cer-tainly felt in every part of the Nation’s Capital. 
Because cellphone service was 
jammed, residents turned to social media to communicate. Within min-utes of that earthquake, Twitter noted that over 40,000 earthquake-related tweets were sent about the occurrence. 
b1745 
Facebook noted 3 million mentions 
related to the earthquake. 
In 2010, the Department of Homeland 
Security established the Virtual Social Media Working Group to provide rec-ommendations on how to use social media before, during, and after emer-gencies. The existing working group consists of emergency responders, non-profit organizations, and Federal agen-cies. 
H.R. 623 would codify the working 
group to make certain that their good work continues. To allow for broader 
representation, the bill expands the working group membership to include the private sectors and requires con-sultation with nonmembers. To ensure accountability, the bill requires an an-nual report to Congress on important issues such as best practices and les-sons learned. It would also provide rec-ommendations on various issues, in-cluding how to improve the use of so-cial media for emergency management purposes. 
This is a very timely bill, Mr. Speak-
er. It will assist in informing the public of critical emergency information which may well save lives and reduce injuries. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I have no further speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, as I was coming to the 
floor, I tweeted and Facebooked that I would be on the floor managing this bill. We are used to Tweeting and Facebooking our every movement, usu-ally for fun—and yes, even to come on the floor. 
I will be very interested to know 
whether, after we had the tragic acci-dent last month in our Metro system when we lost one life—and we know for sure communication between the Dis-trict of Columbia fire, emergency, and Metro was informed—I will be very in-terested to know whether Facebook, Twitter, and other forms of social media were helpful. I cannot believe they were not. 
We all think of social media for so-
cial fun. What is important about the bill that my two colleagues, Represent-ative B
ROOKS and Representative 
PAYNE , have brought to us is, of course, 
that it shows a very essential use. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), a cosponsor of 
the bill. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman from the Dis-trict of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) for 
yielding me this time. 
Last Congress, the Subcommittee on 
Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a series of hearings examining how the Internet can positively impact disaster response at all levels. 
Over the course of these hearings, in-
dustry stakeholders, who included Google.org, Palantir, and the Internet Association, provided testimony about how the Internet helped galvanize citi-zens affected by disasters—from the Boston Marathon bombings to Hurri-cane Sandy. 
We also heard from an energy serv-
ices company headquartered in my dis-trict, PSE&G, that was recognized by J.D. Power and Associates for its inno-vative use of social media in the days leading up to and following Hurricane Sandy. PSE&G used social media to communicate with its customers about 
how to prepare for the storm and to mitigate damage and about power res-toration efforts afterward. 
Additionally, PSE&G testified about 
lessons learned about using social media during disaster response—rang-ing from using the right tone in mes-sages to preparing social media compa-nies to handle the increased volume of messages. 
In those hearings, we also took testi-
mony from Federal, State, and local governments about how to use social media more effectively to provide dis-aster-related information to be better integrated into disaster response appli-cations. 
We also heard from FEMA and local 
officials on efforts to improve the use of social media following a terrorist at-tack or natural disaster. 
I was pleased to work with then-Sub-
committee Chairwoman S
USAN BROOKS  
on this oversight effort and ultimately on the bill to ensure that the impor-tant conversation about how to best use social media following a disaster can continue. 
Last July, I was pleased to manage 
an identical version of this bill on the House floor on behalf of the Committee on Homeland Security. That measure, H.R. 4263, passed the House on suspen-sion, as I hope will occur with H.R. 623. 
This Congress, I am pleased that my 
committee was able to work with the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure to ensure that H.R. 623 gets considered early this Congress. That said, I am disappointed that this time around, under the rules of the House, the committee that developed the legislation, in response to exten-sive oversight findings, was not given the opportunity to present it in the full House on its own. 
That said, I congratulate Sub-
committee Chairwoman B
ROOKS on the 
success of her efforts to ensure that Federal, State, and local governments continue to work with the private sec-tor and nonprofit disaster response pro-viders to develop innovative uses of so-cial media. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 623. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to thank the gentlelady from the District of Columbia and the gentleman from New Jersey for con-tinuing this important work that we began last year. 
It was a visit to the American Red 
Cross shortly after Hurricane Sandy where we learned about the important role that social media had played and the growing role that it played and the fact that they have digital volunteers now who continue to work on behalf of saving lives. 
I just want to thank all of those who 
have been supportive of this bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in once again supporting this important legis-lation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I con-
gratulate the sponsor and cosponsor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.018 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H683 February 2, 2015 
once again on this vital and valuable 
bill. 
As we see the kinds of, really, un-
heard of events we are experiencing, it seems to us often that phones and cell phones are so 20th century. Twitter and Facebook are the functional equivalent for many Americans of 911. So today on this floor, I think we are resolved that social media are, to be sure, often about fun and games, but they may also be about life and death. 
I am pleased to support this bill and 
ask Members for its support here in the House. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, in closing, I again thank the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia and the gentleman from New Jersey in supporting this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in support of H.R. 423, ‘‘The So-cial Media Working Group Act of 2014,’’ which would establish within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) a social media working group. 
The Social Media Working Group would pro-
vide guidance and best practices to the emer-gency preparedness and response community on the use of social media technologies be-fore, during, and after a terrorist attack. 
Today, people are relying more on Internet 
enabled communications to engage and be engaged in personal, professional and com-mercial communications. 
Since September 11, 2001, our nation has 
committed resources toward the preparation of our first responders and citizens in preventing, mitigating and responding to terrorist events. 
As these efforts continue, we must keep 
pace with the rapid changing nature of the Internet. Part of this requires that Congress ensure that the Department of Homeland Se-curity and especially the Federal Emergency Management Agency can reach citizens in new ways so that critical information is re-ceived in a timely manner. 
In 2012, smartphones, most particularly 
phones running Apple Computer’s iOS and the open source Android operating system, ac-counted for at least 40 percent of the mobile devices used in the United States. 
In the first quarter of 2012, mobile phone 
consumers spent over $109 billion, while con-sumers of landline-telephone service spent $64.4 billion. 
The Federal Communication Commission 
reports that this trend is expected accelerate as United States consumers participate in a worldwide trend towards mobile communica-tion devices and away from traditional means of receiving and sending information. 
Electronic tablet computers and e-readers, 
the other fully enabled portable Internet de-vices, smartphones are increasingly a re-source for people to access information, share content, and communicate their views. 
Social media is quickly emerging as a major 
source of information that citizens rely upon to receive news and engage government. 
The number of people using social net-
working sites has nearly doubled since 2008. 
In a 2011, a Pew Internet Center Research 
Project reported that 79 percent of American adults said they used the Internet and 59 per-cent of all Internet users say they use at least 
one of social networking service, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or Instagram. 
The reasons for supporting this bill are obvi-
ous and I ask my colleagues in the House to vote for its passage. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 623, the Social Media Working Group Act of 2015, which was introduced by Congresswoman B
ROOKS , Congressman 
PAYNE , and myself. 
Social media is becoming an important tool 
before, during and after disasters. This be-comes more and more obvious after every in-cident and was especially prevalent both after Hurricane Sandy and the Boston bombings. Almost two years ago, when two pressure cooker bombs exploded at the finish line of 
the Boston Marathon, local emergency man-agers and law enforcement turned to social media to alert the public, solicit assistance, and offer comfort to the city. Incidents like these point to the fact that authorities must embrace the use of social media as a way to both collect and disseminate information in the management of a disaster. 
Last year, I visited the headquarters of the 
American Red Cross with the author of this legislation, Congresswoman B
ROOKS . One of 
the highlights of our visit was the Red Cross Digital Disaster Operations Center, where, in partnership with Dell, the Red Cross built the first-ever social media operations center for humanitarian relief. I was impressed to see how the Red Cross is communicating with dis-aster survivors through social media and how social media is changing the way we are able to prepare for and respond to disasters. 
In the last Congress, the Committee on 
Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response and Commu-nications held two hearings on the impact of social media before, during and after disas-ters. These hearings informed the writing of this legislation which authorizes and enhances the Department’s Virtual Social Media Working Group to ensure best practices and lessons learned are shared with appropriate stake-holders, including the private sector, and en-sure our first responders understand the ever changing dynamic of using social media. 
This measure passed the House floor with 
almost 400 votes in the 113th Congress, dem-onstrating its importance and bipartisan sup-port. I urge Members to join me in supporting this bill today. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 623. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 55 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois) at 6 
o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 361, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 615, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 623, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
MEDICAL PREPAREDNESS 
ALLOWABLE USE ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 361) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to codify authority under existing grant guidance author-izing use of Urban Area Security Ini-tiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding for enhancing medical preparedness, medical surge capacity, and mass prophylaxis capa-bilities, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 377, nays 2, not voting 54, as follows: 
[Roll No. 51] 
YEAS—377 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline 
Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.021 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H684 February 2, 2015 
Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Engel Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Rangel 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—54 
Barton 
Blum Brownley (CA) Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Chu (CA) Clark (MA) Cuellar Dold Duckworth Eshoo Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Gibson Green, Gene Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Heck (NV) Higgins 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Israel Jenkins (WV) Keating Kennedy Kind King (IA) Kuster Langevin Lawrence Lee Lipinski Lofgren McClintock Meeks Meng Napolitano 
Neal Nunnelee Quigley Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rush Sanchez, Loretta Simpson Slaughter Smith (WA) Tiberi Tsongas Walorski Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1858 
Mrs. BUSTOS and Mr. WELCH 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY INTEROPERABLE COM-MUNICATIONS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 615) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 379, nays 0, not voting 54, as follows: 
[Roll No. 52] 
YEAS—379 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards 
Ellison Ellmers Emmer Engel Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk 
Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan 
Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.017 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H685 February 2, 2015 
Upton 
Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—54 
Barton 
Blum Brownley (CA) Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Chu (CA) Clark (MA) Cuellar Dold Duckworth Eshoo Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Gibson Green, Gene Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Heck (NV) Higgins 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Israel Jenkins (WV) Keating Kennedy Kind King (IA) Kuster Langevin Lawrence Lee Lipinski Lofgren McClintock Meeks Meng Napolitano 
Neal Nunnelee Quigley Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rush Sanchez, Loretta Simpson Slaughter Smith (WA) Tiberi Tsongas Walorski Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1906 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 623) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 328, nays 51, not voting 54, as follows: 
[Roll No. 53] 
YEAS—328 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici 
Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cummings 
Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Engel Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee 
Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—51 
Amash 
Babin Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Culberson 
Duncan (SC) Emmer Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar 
Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Hartzler Hensarling Hice (GA) Huelskamp 
Jones Jordan Labrador LaMalfa Loudermilk Lummis Massie Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney 
Neugebauer Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Polis Price (GA) Ratcliffe Ribble 
Rice (SC) Russell Salmon Sensenbrenner Walker Weber (TX) Westmoreland Williams Zinke 
NOT VOTING—54 
Barton Blum Brownley (CA) Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Chu (CA) Clark (MA) Cuellar Dold Duckworth Eshoo Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Gibson Green, Gene Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Heck (NV) Higgins 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Israel Jenkins (WV) Keating Kennedy Kind King (IA) Kuster Langevin Lawrence Lee Lipinski Lofgren McClintock Meeks Meng Napolitano 
Neal Nunnelee Quigley Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rush Sanchez, Loretta Simpson Slaughter Smith (WA) Tiberi Tsongas Walorski Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1915 
Messrs. GRIFFITH, MOOLENAAR, 
OLSON, and POE of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. HARRIS changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, on Feb-
ruary 2, 2015, due to weather, I was unavoid-ably detained and missed recorded votes 51– 53. Had I been present, I would have voted: On Roll Call 51—Yes on H.R. 361—Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act; On Roll Call 52—Yes on H.R. 615—Department of Home-land Security Interoperable Communications Act; On Roll Call 53—Yes on H.R. 623—So-cial Media Working Group Act of 2015. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 51, 52 and 53. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on Roll Call vote num-bers 51, 52 and 53. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 51– 
53, I was unavoidably detained due to can-celled flights out of Chicago. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 596, REPEAL OF THE PA-TIENT PROTECTION AND AF-FORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–13) on the resolution (H. Res. 70) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 596) to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.013 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H686 February 2, 2015 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO A CER-
TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 71 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
bers be and are hereby elected to the fol-lowing standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
(1) C
OMMITTEE ON ETHICS .—Mr. Capuano, 
Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Deutch, and Mr. Larson of Connecticut. 
Mr. BECERRA (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ZINKE). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE 
ROTUNDA OF THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL FOR A CERE-MONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO JACK NICKLAUS 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administra-tion be discharged from further consid-eration of House Concurrent Resolu-tion 12, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 12 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF ROTUNDA OF THE CAPITOL 
FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO JACK NICKLAUS. 
The rotunda of the United States Capitol is 
authorized to be used on March 24, 2015, for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to Jack Nicklaus. Physical prep-arations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COOPPORTUNITY HEALTH 
INSURANCE FACING LIQUIDATION 
(Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to draw your attention to CoOpportunity Health, one of 23 in-surance co-ops created by ObamaCare. These plans have been awarded ap-proximately $2 billion in taxpayer dol-lars. CoOpportunity specifically re-ceived $146 million in Federal loans. 
On December 23, 2014, the Iowa insur-
ance commissioner submitted a peti-tion for an order of rehabilitation of CoOpportunity Health. The company now faces liquidation. 
Approximately 120,000 of CoOppor-
tunity’s customers, most of whom live in Nebraska, have been told they need to find a new insurance carrier. I am extremely concerned about this situa-tion for Nebraskans needing health coverage and for the taxpayers who have seen millions of dollars lost and millions more put at risk. This is one more example of ObamaCare’s failure. 
Last month, I sent a letter to HHS 
Secretary Burwell seeking more infor-mation about these concerns. Ameri-cans were promised they could keep the insurance they had and liked, and now we are seeing they cannot even keep the insurance this very law cre-ated. 
This is one more reason I look for-
ward to voting tomorrow to repeal this harmful law. 
f 
WELL WISHES FOR MAYOR 
COLLINS OF TOLEDO, OHIO 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
give reassurance and hope to Sandy Collins and the family of the mayor of Toledo, Mike Collins, who, yesterday, was involved in a very serious auto-motive accident. He apparently had a heart attack while he was driving after trying to prepare the city crews for the level 3 snowfall that was about to come. 
Then there was the heroic act that 
has saved his life, though he is in crit-ical condition at the University of To-ledo Medical Center. A woman named Evelyn Johnson—mother of eight chil-dren and grandmother of five—saw his SUV that had crashed into this tele-phone pole. She stopped her car on her way to work, and she and another man, a good Samaritan who came along, had to pry him out of the car. It was still running. He still had his foot on the gas, but he was completely uncon-scious. She and the other gentleman administered CPR at the direction of the 911 crew in the city of Toledo. 
I am so proud of my hometown and 
the love and the care and the prepared-ness that they demonstrated to care for our mayor. We pray to God that he will fully recover and that his injuries will be healed. We give comfort to his wife, Sandy. We know she is at his side. Our entire community reaches out to them. And we congratulate Mrs. John-son for her incredible heroism in help-ing our mayor. CHASKA STUDENT COUNCIL TAK-
ING ACTION TO END TRAF-FICKING 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, the House passed 12 different bills combating the growing crime of sex trafficking by protecting victims and bringing traffickers to justice. 
In addition to the action that Con-
gress is taking, however, it takes peo-ple on the ground, in our communities, stepping up to deal with this issue. I would like to highlight some of the ef-forts that are being done by some stu-dents in Chaska, Minnesota, who are making efforts to put an end to this horrible problem. 
The Chaska High School Student 
Council, led by senior Luke Standbrook, is helping fight sex traf-ficking by organizing assemblies to help fellow students know the signs of trafficking in their community. They are also organizing fundraisers to help raise money for organizations that help victims of human trafficking. 
Mr. Speaker, it is rewarding and en-
ergizing to know that there are young leaders like Luke in the senior student council who are working to have such a strong impact in putting an end to this horrific crime, and I am proud of their efforts. 
f 
THE MEASLES OUTBREAK 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Today, Mr. 
Speaker, I sent a letter to the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control requesting an alert to the public that highlights the im-portance of our children becoming vac-cinated for this outbreak of measles, particularly the MMR. 
The United States is experiencing a 
large multistate measles outbreak that started in California in December of 2014 and has spread to six additional States and Mexico. From December 28, Mr. Speaker, through January 21, 2015, 51 confirmed cases linked to this out-break have been reported to the CDC: 42 from California and nine from six other States—three in Utah, two in Washington, one in Oregon, one in Col-orado, one in Nebraska, and one in Ari-zona. 
But the spread of this is enormous. 
The most disturbing aspect of this out-break is that 86 percent of the patients who have contracted the disease had ei-ther been unvaccinated or had an un-known vaccination status. The out-break is aggravated by the large num-ber of children whose parents have cho-sen not to get the MMR vaccine. 
What I want to focus on, Mr. Speak-
er, is for us to be cautious and for us to be able to do the right thing. The sad-dest case was an 8-month-old baby in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.029 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H687 February 2, 2015 
Arizona—innocent—who was exposed 
to the measles. 
I ask that we take this seriously, as 
a member of the Homeland Security Committee, and find a way to alert parents to make the right decision for their children. I will be continuing to work on this and have asked my own community to send out an alert to help save those children and the others who are vulnerable to the measles out-break. 
f 
SITES RESERVOIR PROJECT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as Cali-
fornia enters what looks like its fourth year of a severe drought, we need to take action so that when we do finally get rain once again, we will be able to store it. 
Sites Reservoir is a project that has 
been talked about for many, many years in northern California that would store nearly 2 million acre-feet of water in its best possible configura-tion. So we need to take that action. A little bit later on in this session, we will be introducing legislation to au-thorize that. 
We also need help from the Bureau of 
Reclamation in putting the funding forward to finish the feasibility studies that are necessary to go from talk, from dream, to getting construction going and having the water reservoirs that we need for California to stave off drought in the future years. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
begin by welcoming our new members and by thanking the gentlewoman from Ohio, Congresswoman M
ARCIA FUDGE , 
for her leadership of the Congressional Black Caucus during the 113th Con-gress. Thanks to her dedication and tireless work, this caucus is better po-sitioned to address the diverse chal-lenges of the African American com-munity. 
I also want to thank the new CBC 
chair, the Honorable Congressman G.K. B
UTTERFIELD of North Carolina. I am 
confident that he will do a great job leading this caucus with steadfast com-mitment to justice and to building an America that works for everyone. Let me also thank my counterpart, 
the Honorable Congresswoman R
OBIN 
KELLY , for joining me in leading the 
CBC Special Orders this year. I am truly honored to take on this new role, and I look forward to working with her as we help carry out the critical mis-sion of this caucus. 
Mr. Speaker, 50 years ago, in the 
midst of the civil rights movement, hundreds of brave men and women gathered in Selma, Alabama, to begin a long, arduous march to Montgomery in support of the fundamental truth: that every American, regardless of what they look like, has the right to vote. 
b1930 
On March 7, 1965, 600 men and women 
set out from Selma following the death of 26-year-old Jimmie Lee Jackson, a deacon from Marion, Alabama, who died from gunshot wounds inflicted by a State trooper at a nonviolent dem-onstration. 
Theirs was a peaceful, nonviolent 
march, but it was met with fierce bru-tality. It would take the marchers two more attempts to arrive at Mont-gomery; but on March 25, after a 12-day journey, they did arrive. 
Since that day, our country has made 
significant strides in achieving equal-ity and justice for all, but significant challenges remain unmet. Tonight, we will examine where we have come from, where we are, and where we would like to go as a society. We must be ready to go. 
In 1965, Selma became the focal point 
of voter registration efforts in the South. At the time, only 2 percent of the city’s eligible African American voters had been able to register. The impact of Selma to the Montgomery march was profound. 
As Dr. King said, ‘‘Selma produced 
the voting rights legislation of 1965.’’ The Voting Rights Act of 1965 banned discriminatory voting requirements that disenfranchised African American voters throughout this country; yet, today, the dream of full equality is still something many African Ameri-cans can only dream of. 
Where we are, nearly 6 years after 
the end of the recession, people still struggle to find work, and the gap be-tween the rich and poor continues to grow. For African Americans, this situ-ation is severe, given the dispropor-tionate effect of unemployment on our communities. 
At the same time, there remains 
widespread poverty, a defining chal-lenge of our time. This persistent eco-nomic inequality threatens to undercut the gains that African American com-munities have made, and it undermines the idea of economic mobility, the idea that if you work hard in this country and have ambition, you can get ahead. The economic crisis is not only facing African American communities. 
Where we are in education, education 
is the most important economic invest-ment we can make now and for future generations; yet, across the country, we still have seen cuts to education at 
all levels and attacks on critical pro-grams like Head Start and Pell grants. 
These attacks undermine the ability 
of African Americans to get ahead— that is why I strongly support Presi-dent Obama’s new, bold initiative for free access to community colleges—so, too, do efforts to dismantle social safe-ty net programs which our commu-nities depend on. Those efforts are irre-sponsible, unjust, and contrary to who we are as Americans. 
The Congressional Black Caucus will 
make criminal justice reform a center-piece of our agenda. We will work to re-duce the epidemic of poverty in this country. We will work to create edu-cational opportunities for African American children, and we will support efforts to strengthen our 105 Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities. 
The CBC also remains committed to 
fighting against efforts to dismantle the social safety net. We are deter-mined to restore section 5 of the Vot-ing Rights Act and to make sure every-one, regardless of what they look like or where they come from, has equal ac-cess to the polls, and we resolve to en-sure that increasing diversity in this Nation is reflected in American cor-porations. 
Together, these policies will bring us 
closer as a nation where we are empow-ering the communities of African Americans, and they will benefit from the full equality and live the American Dream. There is no doubt that we are in difficult times in this Nation. 
Injustices are widespread and threat-
en some of our most fundamental rights, but we will find no answers in apathy, no comfort in complacency. As we always have, we will continue the march for progress, for freedom, for justice, and for equality for all. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and 
privilege now that I yield to the distin-
guished gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. R
OBIN KELLY . 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
my friend from New Jersey. It is an honor to host with you this year. I am excited about the work ahead for the CBC in the 114th Congress. I also want to acknowledge the great job that Con-gressman Horsford and Congressman J
EFFRIES did in hosting the Special 
Order hour in the 113th Congress. I also want to honor our past chair, Congress-woman M
ARCIA FUDGE , for all of her 
great work. 
Discussing 50 years from Selma, 
where we were, where we are, and where we are headed, I expect this to be very stimulating, frustrating, and rewarding all at the same time. It re-mains that we have a lot of work to do. 
Mr. PAYNE. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my 
honor and privilege for the first time in the 114th Congress to have the chair-man of the Congressional Black Cau-cus, G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , address us, and 
I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.032 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H688 February 2, 2015 
The Congressional Black Caucus is 
delighted to come to the floor this evening to commemorate the 50th an-niversary of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. 
At the end of slavery, Mr. Speaker, in 
1865, which was 150 years ago, the State of North Carolina had a slave popu-lation of 331,000 slaves. After the pas-sage of the 13th Amendment and ratifi-cation of it by 27 States, these slaves became free. They became American citizens, and males 21 years old or older would soon be entitled to vote. 
Among those 331,000 slaves gaining 
freedom, 128,000 of them resided in my congressional district. In some of the counties, the Black population exceed-ed the White population. 
In 1870, African American citizens 
gained the right to vote by the enact-ment of the 15th Amendment. For the next 30 years, Mr. Speaker, African American men voted in large numbers and became a political force in State politics. 
Four African Americans were elected 
to Congress in North Carolina, eight in South Carolina, three in Alabama, and one each in Georgia, Florida, Mis-sissippi, Virginia, and Louisiana. Many more were elected to State and local office. 
In 1900, after KKK violence and 
lynchings had not deterred Black polit-ical participation, most Southern States passed disfranchisement laws requiring a literacy test and the pay-ment of a poll tax. These laws had the intent and effect of disenfranchising Black people from voting, and it worked. For the next half century, Af-rican Americans were effectively de-nied the right to vote with a few excep-tions. 
Following his 1964 acceptance of the 
Nobel Peace Prize, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., approached President Lyn-don Johnson about advocating for a strong voting rights law that would en-force the 15th Amendment. President Johnson was uncomfortable in advanc-ing the idea of a voting rights law, which greatly disappointed Dr. King. Dr. King was motivated to launch the Selma voting rights movement. 
On March 7, 1965, under the leader-
ship of Dr. King, J
OHNLEWIS, and oth-
ers, Black residents of Selma at-tempted to march from Brown Chapel Church to the Alabama State capital to demand a voting rights law. 
As they approached the Edmund 
Pettus Bridge, the marchers were bru-
talized, and they were terrorized by State police and forced to retreat. We now refer to this confrontation as ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ 
Two days later, the marchers again 
began their journey to Montgomery, but as they crossed the bridge and saw the strong police presence, they turned 
around and returned to the church. At this point, President Johnson was out-raged with Governor George Wallace for preventing the march. Johnson telephoned Wallace to demand that the marchers walk to Montgomery without incident. Three weeks later, on March 21, 1965, 
Dr. King persuaded thousands of Black and White to come to Selma to partici-pate in the march. The march pro-ceeded without incident. Fifty thou-sand participated. 
Following the March, a White march-
er, Mrs. Viola Liuzzo from Detroit, was murdered while transporting marchers back to Selma. Jimmie Lee Jackson was killed by police during a Selma protest in February 1965. Saddened by these murders, President Johnson re-considered his unwillingness to pro-mote voting rights legislation. He went on national television on March 15 and announced that he would support a voting rights bill. 
Despite the Southern filibuster, the 
Voting Rights Act was enacted into law on August 6, 1965. This important law has changed the political landscape for African American communities. It bans the use of literacy tests. It gives minority communities the right to liti-gate discriminatory election schemes that dilute their vote. 
The act provides for a section 5 that 
requires certain jurisdictions with dis-criminatory histories to preclear elec-tion law changes with the Attorney General. To our great dismay, on June 25, 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court made section 5 unenforceable because the data used to determine covered juris-dictions is outdated, according to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court has now called on Congress to modify the formula. 
To this day, Mr. Speaker, our Repub-
lican colleagues have refused to allow the bipartisan VRA amendment bill to be voted upon. In fact, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE , announced that he has no inten-
tion to legislate a modification to the formula, and so the effect of not having section 5 is to allow jurisdictions to pass discriminatory election laws with impunity and without oversight. 
The Voting Rights Act has enabled 
African American communities to elect hundreds of Black elected offi-cials. We successfully litigated dozens and dozens of cases. Many of my col-leagues were elected because enforce-ment of the Voting Rights Act forced— forced—States to draw congressional districts where Black communities are not submerged and their vote diluted. 
Mr. Speaker, this story must be un-
derstood by every American citizen. The right to vote for African Ameri-cans was obtained by blood, sweat, and tears; and we are determined—the Con-
gressional Black Caucus is deter-mined—to continue this fight into 2016 and beyond. 
Mr. P
AYNE , thank you very much for 
yielding time. 
Mr. PAYNE. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. We are looking forward to your leadership in the 114th Congress, and we will continue to strive to make sure that the issues that the CBC find im-portant are relevant on the day-to-day basis. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LY-BURN ), the leader, who has probably 
forgotten more about the goings-on and the rules in this Chamber than I will ever know. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Thank you so much, 
Mr. P
AYNE , for yielding me time. I ap-
preciate your accolades, and I promise you that my long, distant memory is getting very good, but I assure you that your contributions to this great body are very much appreciated. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I opened up 
Black History Month with a speech at Cornerstone Baptist Church on Wayne Street in Columbia, South Carolina. They had an interesting topic for me to develop. It was all about remembering our past and preparing for the future. 
Chairman B
UTTERFIELD has talked a 
little bit about the past that many of us remember, but 50 years after Selma, we must turn to the question that Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., asked in one of his great books: Where do we go from here, chaos or community? 
Statistics show that there are nearly 
500 counties and thousands of commu-nities in the United States that are classified by the United States Census Bureau as persistent poverty areas. They are so defined because 20 percent of their populations have lived below the poverty level for the past 30 years or more. 
b1945 
They are diverse, including Cauca-
sian communities in States like West Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee; Native American communities in States like South Dakota, Alaska, and Oklahoma; Latino communities in States like Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas; and African American commu-nities in States like South Carolina, Alabama, and Mississippi. They are urban communities in States like New York and heartland communities in States like Missouri. 139 of these coun-ties are represented in this body by Democrats; 331 of these counties are represented in this body by Repub-licans; and 18 of these counties are split between the two parties. Com-bating persistent poverty should mat-ter to all of us, regardless of party, ge-ography, or race. 
In early 2009, when we were putting 
together the Recovery Act, I proposed language to require that at least 10 percent of funds in three rural develop-ment accounts be directed to efforts in these persistent-poverty counties. This requirement was enacted into law. In light of the definition of persistent- poverty counties as having at least 20 percent poverty rates over 30 years, the provision became known as the 10–20–30 initiative. 
This initiative bore dividends as eco-
nomic development projects pro-liferated in persistent poverty commu-nities across the country. Using the 10– 20–30 formula, the Recovery Act funded a total of 4,655 projects in persistent- poverty counties, totaling nearly $1.7 billion. I saw firsthand the positive ef-fects of these projects in my district. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.033 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H689 February 2, 2015 
We were able to undertake projects to 
create jobs that would have otherwise languished. Among those investments was a $5.8 million grant and a $2 mil-lion loan to construct 51 miles of water lines in the little community of Brittons Neck in Marion County, South Carolina. There are many other success stories. 
In Lowndes County, Mississippi, $17.5 
million was spent to install a water line, elevated tank, and two waste-water pump stations, providing potable water to rural Mississippians and cre-ating badly needed construction jobs. 
The Wellborn Special Utility District 
in Brazos County, Texas, received a $538,000 loan to construct more than 9 miles of new water distribution lines and connect over 60 households to a new water system. 
In 2011, I joined with our former Re-
publican colleague, Representative Jo Ann Emerson of Missouri, to introduce an amendment to the continuing reso-lution that would have continued 10– 20–30 for rural development and ex-panded it to 11 additional accounts throughout the Federal Government affecting economic development, edu-cation, job training, health, justice, the environment, and more. 
I want to make one thing clear about 
the 10–20–30 approach. It does not—I re-peat, it does not—add one dime to the deficit. It simply targets resources from funds already authorized or ap-propriated. 
Over the past 30 years, the national 
economy has risen and fallen multiple times. During each economic down-turn, while we have been rightly fo-cused on getting the economy as a whole back on track, we have not given adequate attention to these commu-nities that are suffering from chronic distress and Depression-era levels of joblessness. 
As a result, they have suffered even 
in good economic times. The 10–20–30 approach would provide a mechanism to address this deprivation in times of want and in times of plenty, in times of Federal investment and in times of fis-cal austerity. 
Last year, I wrote an essay on 10–20– 
30 which was published in the Harvard Journal on Legislation. I discussed the history of our Nation’s efforts to ad-dress chronic poverty and more fully laid out the case for broadly imple-menting 10–20–30 in a bipartisan fash-ion. 
Mr. Speaker, as we begin to put our 
2016 budget together, I look forward to working with all Members in this body on both sides of the aisle irrespective of what State or county you may rep-resent. I look forward to working to-gether so that we can make a real pro-ductive legacy for Selma and we can move forward and answer Dr. King’s question ‘‘Chaos or community?’’ with a resounding: We are building commu-nities. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Mr. C
LYBURN . As in the past, the Con-
gressional Black Caucus will work to continue to reduce the epidemic of pov-
erty in this country. When over 45 mil-lion Americans live below the poverty line, we are failing as a nation. As Con-gressman B
UTTERFIELD said earlier this 
month, the CBC will advocate the Cly-burn 10–20–30 plan, which redirects at least 10 percent of an agency’s grants in its discretionary budget to commu-nities where at least 20 percent of the population has lived below the poverty line for the past 30 years. These are the issues that we will continue to work on as members of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
It is now my honor to yield to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. R
AN-
GEL), one of my mentors since before I 
arrived in Congress, a former friend of my father’s and a great colleague. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I wish I 
had a prepared statement, but I was so moved after listening and being a part of this great congressional group in this great country to be able to cele-brate 50 years since the Voting Rights Act. 
As a kid who grew up on the streets 
of Lenox Avenue and dropped out of high school, I didn’t have the benefit of having anything to attach a dream to that would allow me to believe that one day I could be sitting in the United States House of Representatives. 
But after returning from the war in 
Korea and after being the beneficiary of the GI bill, and after graduating from law school, I was able to see and hear atrocities that have been com-mitted on Black folks in this country the likes of which I had not seen except during wartime. And even though my mother’s family came from Virginia, in the city of New York even today I don’t ever remember meeting any White people from the South. I don’t know what that is. Perhaps Congress-man B
UTTERFIELD may be able to do 
some historical research about why they stayed in the South and didn’t come to New York City, where racism had a sugar coating to it. They didn’t use dogs and bombs and things of that nature. But I recall so vividly seeing people like Andy Young and especially our dear friend and colleague, J
OHN 
LEWIS, be prepared to put their lives on 
the line for our country, not for them-selves. 
In Korea and in most wars, people 
fight to stay alive and they don’t vol-untarily put their life on the line, as J
OHNLEWIS and others have done. But 
what happened was, when they had the first Selma march, what we refer to as Bloody Sunday, years before our be-loved Congresswoman was born, I saw something that really pained me as an American rather than as a human being. And then they had the second march from Selma to Montgomery and Dr. King pulled that back, and then we had the plea for people from all over the country to come down for the third march. I recalled before, I had bad feet and wasn’t thinking about going to Selma to do 54 miles, but the inspira-tion to see people that had been pre-pared to put their life on the line for 
me and others like me could not allow me to return to New York. 
It is very interesting that I have to 
admit publicly that when I heard the voice of Lyndon Johnson coming across on radio and television saying, ‘‘We shall overcome,’’ I kind of thought, T
ERRI, that those were our words. And 
if a White person was to say it, I never expected to find that accent of the very people that sounded as though they were part of a conspiracy to keep chil-dren of slaves from assimilating into the constitutional beliefs that we had since learned to live by and enjoy and hope for. 
What an historic moment that was. 
What a revolutionary period that was, because as we review that and look at the picture ‘‘Selma,’’ we wonder where did all of the people that represented this hatred go, the people who stood in the way of people registering voters; the people who took advantage of the idea that just because of their com-plexion they were superior; the people that belonged to the Ku Klux Klan; the people who used religion as a sword in-stead of a shield? Did they disappear? What happened to the so-called Dixie-crats? 
But then I am reminded that as a re-
sult of the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act that they didn’t go very far, that they threw down their party label but they stayed in the same places, and many of them are doing the same thing—trying to continue to pre-vent people of color from enjoying their full constitutional voting rights. 
Then when I was honored enough to 
come down here in 1971 with half a dozen Congressional Black Caucus members, nine, who joined with four of us who had decided to form the Con-gressional Black Caucus, you could not believe, Congressman P
AYNE , how it 
was never our dream that that small group would go from 13 to 26 to 40 to 46 to 47, and reach the historic impact on our policy and on our Nation, a group that had no intention of doing any-thing except to introduce, create, and support policies that could make this great country even stronger for all of us. And true, we have a lot of obstacles to overcome, but I don’t think any group of people have been as successful as we have in coming from the pits of slavery in such a short period of time as we are now, and to see how much more work we have to do so that one day our children and our grandchildren will say: Why did they have to have a Congressional Black Caucus? Why wasn’t it just a Democratic caucus? Why did we need it? 
b2000 
Well, because of the intellect, the 
commitment of individual members of the Black Caucus, like the rest of the Congress, that come from all walks of life and they got here to make this a better country, a more effective Con-gress, soon and very soon, we may hear those words: Why were we needed? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.035 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H690 February 2, 2015 
Until we accomplish these lofty goals, 
thank God that we have had it. 
I think that the Democrats appre-
ciate the work that we are trying to do, and one day, as so many people who got rid of their sheets, their children and their grandchildren would see that we only were trying to eliminate the pain for all people, regardless of color, to make the red, white, and blue, rath-er than just whether you are Black or White, become the theme that the fa-thers of this Constitution should have been striving for. 
There is no question in my mind that 
the things we stand for really and what the country is committed to do, and I am so proud of these last couple of years, that there is not a group of peo-ple I would rather spend my time with than with my friends and my col-leagues in the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Mr. PAYNE. I thank the gentleman 
from New York. His kind thoughts and perspective is always, always needed in this House. 
Now, I have the honor and the privi-
lege of yielding to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ), who rep-
resents the city, the town, that is on everybody’s breath over the last couple of months. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, I applaud the CBC for this Special Order hour, and I commend my col-league from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) 
and my colleague from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for choosing such a great topic 
for tonight’s Special Order hour. 
Selma, Lord, Selma. I have the great 
pleasure of standing before you not only as a Representative who rep-resents the great city of Selma but as a native of Selma, Alabama, and a life-long member of the historic Brown Chapel AME Church. 
I know that the journey I now take, 
the journey that many others who are here today take, was only made pos-sible because of the courage, fortitude, and determination of those brave men and women on that bridge, Bloody Sun-day, March 7, 1965. 
We who have the privilege and honor 
of taking this journey must ask our-selves: What will we do to extend the legacy? What will we do to protect the legacy? 
Selma is the soul of America. It is 
the place where the struggle for civil rights and voting rights began, the epi-center, if you will, of the voting rights movement. 
It deserves to be more than just a 
footnote in the history books. It de-serves to take up chapters in the his-tory books, the tactical and strategic voices of Martin Luther King and those brave men and women of SCLC and SNCC that had the fortitude and had the intellect to see this as a strategy, to know that they were speaking not only for themselves and their children, but for future generations. 
Only a true visionary could defeat 
such opposition with little more than a dream, and Dr. King held so tightly to his that it forced our country to be-
come a more equal and just nation. 
Some want to forget the painful past. 
I know many in my district and many in my city would like to forget our painful past, but we cannot turn the pages as if certain chapters were never written; nor can we celebrate how far we have come without first acknowl-edging where we have been. Bloody Sunday forced America to confront its own inhumanity. Our painful past has ushered in a new day. 
As I tell my constituents, out of our 
painful past came the birth of a move-ment that changed a nation, and from that movement came a human rights movement that changed a world. If we don’t write our own history, others will tell it for us, and they may not be so kind, they may not tell our history the way we would tell our history. 
My father grew up in Selma, as did I, 
and the Selma of my childhood was very, very different than the Selma of my father’s childhood. There has been progress. My father went to segregated schools in Selma. My father drank from ‘‘colored only’’ fountains in Selma. My father’s mother never got the chance to vote, though she tried to register several times. 
The Selma that I grew up in had an 
integrated public high school, a public high school that was 55 percent African American and 45 percent White. Yes, across town, there was an all-White private school. 
I want you to know that the Selma I 
grew up in, in the seventies and eighties, it produced me as its first Black valedictorian of Selma High School. I know that Selma and the journey that we all take now because of Selma was only made possible be-cause of the bravery of others. 
As I stood to give my speech as a val-
edictorian in 1982 at Selma High School, I remember standing up and saying: 
Maybe one day I could join the likes of a 
Charlie Rangel, of a John Lewis, in the House of Congress. 
I said it as a pious, overly confident 
teenager probably, but I said it with every vigor because I believed in my heart that I could be and do anything. Why? Because the people of that com-munity nurtured me, Black and White, my teachers, my Girl Scout troop lead-ers, my Sunday school teachers. 
Yes, I had proud parents who were 
educators, educated at Alabama State University, and because of their edu-cation at this wonderful quality insti-tution of higher learning, I had a chance to go to Princeton—but I had more than that. I had an obligation to give back, to make sure that others had an opportunity to walk through those same doors. It wasn’t enough to be the first. 
In fact, I was most proud 5 years 
after I graduated from Princeton that April Williams from Selma High School got to go to Princeton. I must have done something right. 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 would 
have never been possible had it not been for the intellect, the mind of 
these wonderful leaders, some known. All of us know about the contributions of our colleague, J
OHNLEWIS; all of us 
know about the contributions of the SCLC, Andy Young, and Martin Luther King. 
Some unknown, like my sixth grade 
teacher, Mrs. Richie Jean Jackson, she was featured in the movie ‘‘Selma’’ be-cause it was her home, the home that she shared with Dr. Jackson, the first Black dentist in Selma, that housed Martin Luther King and Andrew Young and all those leaders every time they came to Selma because they couldn’t stay at the all-White hotel. 
Mrs. Jackson was my sixth grade 
teacher. Mrs. Jackson did not live to see the movie ‘‘Selma,’’ but I am proud that this body is seeking to provide a Congressional Gold Medal to the foot soldiers of the movement, so that the Richie Jacksons, Mrs. Jacksons of the world, who had the bravery to go and be on that bridge Bloody Sunday or Turnaround Tuesday or the ultimate final march from Selma to Mont-gomery, that they are acknowledged by this Nation for the sacrifices that they made. 
In closing, I want to remind my col-
leagues of my guest at the State of the Union, January 20, 2015. My special guest was the 103-year-old Amelia Boynton. 
Amelia Boynton was characterized in 
the movie ‘‘Selma’’ as the proud Afri-can American woman who told Coretta Scott King: 
You are prepared. You are the descendants 
of kings and queens. Your heritage is one and your bloodline is one that survived slave ships. You are prepared. 
Amelia Boynton is known for her 
bravery that Bloody Sunday when she was bludgeoned, but she came back 2 days later on Turnaround Tuesday and continued to fight in Selma long after this march from Selma to Mont-gomery. 
She honored us with her presence, 
and as person after person came up to her and kissed her on the cheek and said, ‘‘Miss Boynton, I stand on your shoulders today, thank you,’’ Miss Boynton said something very poignant. She said, ‘‘Everybody keeps talking about being on my shoulders. I tell them, Get off my shoulders, do your own work, there is plenty of work to be done.’’ I want to remind my colleagues that there is plenty of work for us still to do. 
I want to honor the legacy of Amelia 
Boynton, F.D. Reese, J
OHNLEWIS, and 
so many; but we cannot honor their legacy without acknowledging that the Voting Rights Act of 1965, major sec-tions of it, have been invalidated. 
We owe it to that legacy, the legacy 
and memory of those who fought so valiantly, that this body should once again work together to make sure that Federal protections are there because, as we know, progress is always elusive, all battles become new again, and there is a renewed assault on voting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.037 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H691 February 2, 2015 
It may not be counting how many 
jelly beans are in a jar or how many county judges there are in the State of Alabama; but, nevertheless, we still have modern-day barriers to voting that we must overcome. 
I hope that we have the courage of 
our own convictions to see the movie ‘‘Selma’’ as a beginning of a national conversation about how we can con-tinue to recommit ourselves to the ideals that were fought on that Bloody Sunday. I know that if we combined our hearts and our minds, both sides of the aisle will see that it is in every-one’s best interest that all Americans have the right to vote. 
I thank my colleagues of the CBC for 
having this Special Order hour. I invite all of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to come to Selma, to experi-ence the living history, and I hope that we will all come away from the 50th commemoration of the march from Selma to Montgomery with a renewed vigor to once again provide Federal protection for all Americans to exer-cise that sacred right to vote. 
Mr. PAYNE. Thank you. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
b2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this is a very important evening. I thank my colleagues, both Mr. P
AYNE  
of New Jersey and Ms. K ELLY , for, first 
of all, taking up a very important chal-lenge of being able to lead the members of the Congressional Black Caucus through this period of challenge to America. 
I am reflective of the number of 
Members who have had the chance to convey their thoughts, and each one I thank personally: our chairman, Mr. G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , for his leadership 
and his internal knowledge from his walk in life of the civil rights journey; Mr. C
LYBURN for living and under-
standing the civil rights journey and conveying it in his legislative journey; Mr. R
ANGEL for his service to this Na-
tion as a Korean war vet and then com-ing home to be a vet of the civil rights effort; then, of course, the holder of the seat who represents Selma for her life story. 
Today, I rise to ask the question, 
What is our moral standard? And, fol-lowing the words of Dr. Martin Luther King, why we can’t wait. 
This is a clarion call to my col-
leagues—Democrats and Republicans— that, in fact, this year—of all years— calls for us to act. It calls for us to be able to understand why the Nation can-not wait and who is going to lift up the moral standard. 
The walk from Selma to Montgomery 
turned into Bloody Sunday. It was where a young man by the name of J
OHN LEWIS stood bravely alongside 
names like Hosea Williams. It was, of course, a place where the world watched, and it became the stair steps on which the Voting Rights Act was passed. Today, we realize that, on the shoul-
ders of that tragic time, violence claimed the life of Jimmie Lee Jack-son, beaten by State troopers as he was attempting to protect his mother and others, and that violence claimed the lives of Reverend James Reeb of Boston and of Viola Liuzzo of Detroit at that time as she returned from the Selma march—a time when 25,000 strong or more marched across the Montgomery bridge. 
We understand that our job is yet not 
done. In the wake of the decision by the Supreme Court that crippled the Voting Rights Act, we as members of the Judiciary Committee, led by our colleagues Mr. C
LYBURN and J OHNCON-
YERS , sought to correct that crippling. 
Today, I stand and ask my chairman 
and the Speaker of the House to have us put that fix with the new Members, our Republicans and Democrats—the same body of individuals who President Johnson convened—to be able to ensure that that Voting Rights Act of 1965 could be done. It is important to note that we not allow the efforts to go unnoted. 
Mr. Speaker, the voter ID law in 
Texas needs to be corrected by passing the Voting Rights Amendment Act. The terrible oppression of individuals in their walks to the polls has to be corrected by this amendment. Of course, we must ensure against the horrors of wealth inequality. The me-dian income of Black households is $33,764—a mere 60 percent of the me-dian income for White households. 
Then, of course, we must move to 
criminal justice reform. I am privi-leged, Mr. Speaker, to serve as the ranking member on the Crime Sub-committee, and I join my colleagues in the commitment to ensure that we, in fact, answer the call of the mothers of so many, such as those of Trayvon Martin, Sean Bell, Eric Garner, Mi-chael Brown, Bobby Tolan, Jordan Baker, and many others, that we have grand jury reform, special prosecutor reform, prison reform—the transitioning of nonviolent offenders to productive lives—law enforcement training and best practices. 
Yes, the bill that I introduced, the 
Build TRUST Act, will not give incen-tives to towns that rely upon racial profiling and on stopping African Americans and other minorities to build their revenue. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight, I have the op-
portunity to remind us that our walk is not done in wealth inequality, in crimi-nal justice reform and, as I know that my colleague Mr. G
REEN will mention, 
in the body cameras. All of these—clos-ing the wealth gap and passing the Voting Rights Act—are challenges not to Democrats, not to minorities; they are to the Nation, to our Republicans and our Democrats. 
So I answer the question why we can-
not wait: because Dr. King left us a prophetic message and a mountain to climb to get to the promised land. 
Tonight, as I close, I call upon all as-
pects of the beloved community that J
OHN LEWIS so often speaks of—the 
youth who continue to persist in the streets of America, indicating that Black lives and all lives matter; women, the impoverished, the faith community, workers, and many others whose names I have left out. Today, I ask for them to join hands and march in the month of March in your own cit-ies and hamlets and counties on an agenda of healing, justice, and equality in commemoration of the march of those who crossed on that bloody day but of those who crossed as well suc-cessfully from Selma to Montgomery. 
Do not sit in your seats. Do not sit in 
your homes. March in the month of March. Let me hear your voices. Let us see you. Let us join you. You call us, and we will join you in those marches to make a difference in this Nation. I ask for that to all of my colleagues to-night. 
Mr. PAYNE. Thank you. I yield to the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. A
LGREEN ). 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Thank you, 
Mr. P AYNE . 
Mr. Speaker, because time is of the 
essence, please allow me to get right to my message. 
Where were we in 1965? I will relate 
this to Congress. In 1965, when they crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge, there were five African American Mem-bers of Congress. Now there are 48. In 1965, there were four Latino Members of Congress. Now there are 38. There were three Asian Americans in Con-gress. Now we have a total of 14. There were 14 women in Congress. We now have 104. 
Where were we? We were at a point in 
our history when it was turning for us, but it was a bloody point in our history because, when President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act, he signed it in ink, but it was written in blood. It was written in the blood of the people who crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge, in the blood of the peo-ple who lived and died so that some of us could have these opportunities to serve in the Congress of the United States of America. That is where we were. 
We have progressed. We have more 
Members of Congress, but in a true sense, it is back to the future because we have seen the evisceration of sec-tion 4 of the Voting Rights Act, which emasculated section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, meaning you don’t have any States or any territories under sec-tion 4 so you cannot preclear them under section 5. We are now back to a point wherein we have to find a way to revitalize and to reinstate section 4 of the Voting Rights Act. 
I am sorry that the time has run out, 
but I do want to say this: if we with only five Members of Congress could get a Voting Rights Act passed, one would think that with 48 we can get it 
reinstated. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my col-leagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.038 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H692 February 2, 2015 
to recognize the lasting legacy of the Selma 
marches. 50 years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Stokely Carmichael, Congressman J
OHN 
LEWIS, and a number of other fearless fighters, 
led the historic marches from Selma to Mont-gomery, Alabama in protest of discriminatory voting laws. 
In the years prior to the Selma marches, 
less than 1% of the black voting age popu-lation was registered to vote in Dallas County, where Selma is located. However, more than 80% of Dallas County blacks lived below the poverty line. Various efforts to get blacks in Dallas County registered to vote were met physical violence and economic intimidation. But with the local leadership of the Dallas County Voters League, and the help of two national organizations, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and the Student Non-violence Coordinating Committee, the Selma marches were born. 
During the first march from Selma to Mont-
gomery, in what would become known as ‘‘Bloody Sunday,’’ the nation watched in horror as African Americans were brutally beaten by police officers, attacked by dogs, and sprayed by fire hoses. Their courage, in the face of de-humanizing treatment from law enforcement, thrust the issue of segregation and race rela-tions in the Deep South into the national con-sciousness. It led to President Lyndon B. Johnson presenting to a joint session of Con-gress what would become the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the most important piece of civil rights legislation in the history of this country. 
50 years later, the images of ‘‘Bloody Sun-
day’’ are permanently etched into our Nation’s history as a deep and painful reminder of the struggles we triumphantly conquered to get to where we are today. And yet, the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner, at the hands of law enforcement, serve as tragic reminders that we still have so far to go. 
The work of Selma is not finished. The work 
of Dr. King, Stokely Carmichael, and Con-gressman L
EWIS is not finished. But we must 
remain encouraged and faithful for the progress still left to achieve. While the dis-criminatory voting laws of the 1960s are no more, we have encountered a new brand of voter disenfranchisement in 2015 that poses a serious threat to the electoral process. And once again, the great citizens of this nation must fight to protect their constitutional right to vote. It is with the painful lessons learned from the marches on Selma, and with the same te-nacity and fearlessness that we will continue to fight this battle today. 
f 
SELMA TO MONTGOMERY VOTING 
RIGHTS MARCH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
MACARTHUR ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for 30 minutes. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to join my other colleagues to-night to thank Congresswoman K
ELLY  
from Illinois and Congressman P AYNE  
from New Jersey for organizing to-night’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. 
I rise to highlight a pivotal moment 
in America’s history—the Selma voting rights march—that 50 years ago, Mr. Speaker, brought together Americans to march from Selma to Montgomery, 
Alabama, across the now famous Ed-mund Pettus Bridge. There were at-tacks and dogs, beatings and deaths, but still we marched because we as a country knew that all Americans should have the same rights. The 54- mile walk was an effort to demonstrate the desire of Black American citizens to exercise their constitutional right to vote and to be treated equally. 
Mr. Speaker, although the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964 legally desegregated the South, discrimination and segrega-tion remained throughout much of the United States. The march led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which, today, continues to be eroded in a threatened bill. The com-munities across our Nation certainly have threats to their basic rights, and there are certainly injustices. In the words of Dr. Martin Luther King—and they still ring true today when I think about his words—‘‘injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ When I reflect on my recent trip to Ferguson—where I witnessed first-hand—it seems that we are still re-engaging in our unfortunate history and ongoing challenges with voting rights, voter registration, and injus-tices—and with new vitality and vigor. 
Mr. Speaker, I will stand with my 
colleagues—those who are here, along with Congressman J
OHN LEWIS and 
Congresswoman T ERRI SEWELL —when 
we march across that bridge and when we say that we must turn our march toward solutions. If we, Democrats and Republicans, can watch a movie to-gether about Selma, sharing silent mo-ments in tears, sharing stories of our own experiences, surely we can come together to fix voting rights. How long must we wait, Mr. Speaker? How long will it take? 
Let me end with these words: it is on 
all of us here in this body to march for voting rights and to march for having voting rights. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague, 
Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY . 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I would like 
to thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for her important remarks. 
As we come to a close, I thank the 
distinguished gentleman from the Gar-den State—my good friend, Representa-tive D
ONALD PAYNE —for his tremen-
dous leadership and for leading this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. 
Mr. Speaker, in our hour of power, we 
have had the opportunity to speak di-rectly to the American people. This is a privilege that I take seriously and a responsibility that the CBC cherishes. 
Tonight, we strengthen our future by 
embracing our past. 2015 represents a critical junction in the advancement of our Nation. Fifty years after the Selma to Montgomery march there are strengthened civil rights and improved access to the ballot. Today, we find ourselves with equally important ground to cover in promoting civil rights, in reducing economic and health disparities, and in strength-
ening voter rights protection. 
As a legislative body, we have made 
progress, but as Representatives and as men and women who love this country, our work continues. As we look back, we are comforted by the bridges we have crossed, by the trails we have blazed, and by the future ahead of us that we envision. 
I want to thank the entire Congres-
sional Black Caucus, especially my fel-low coanchor, the gentleman from New Jersey, Congressman P
AYNE . 
b2030 
Fifty years after Selma, the CBC re-
members that it exists to promote the public welfare through legislation that meets the needs of millions of ne-glected citizens. It is that spirit that guides us and many others in Congress. 
When we see millions of men, women, 
and children who need help moving for-ward, we march. When we see obstruc-tion in our path to creating a more per-fect Union, we respond. 
Again, I thank my colleagues. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time I would like to allow my col-league, Congresswoman Y
VETTE  
CLARKE from Brooklyn, who is also the 
vice president of the Congressional Black Caucus, to share her thoughts with us. 
(Ms. CLARKE of New York asked and 
was given permission to revise and ex-tend her remarks.) 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentlelady from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for extending this 
time to me, and I want to also thank the gentlelady from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) and the gentleman from New 
Jersey (Mr. P AYNE ). 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-
leagues in the Congressional Black Caucus for hosting this evening’s Spe-cial Order and this extension this evening. 
Today I proudly rise to commemo-
rate the 50th anniversary of the his-toric events of the nonviolent protests that took place in Selma, Alabama, and to recognize their importance in igniting and fueling the civil rights movement that brought an end to the practice of Jim Crow racial segregation by law in America and voting rights legislation that guaranteed every American citizen the right to vote. 
It is a privilege to represent the 
Ninth District of New York in offering tribute to the historic people of con-science that walked the Edmund Pettus Bridge on March 7, 1965, known as Bloody Sunday. The march from Selma to Montgomery in 1965 included more than 600 women and men who walked from the historic Brown Chapel AME Church to the State capital of Alabama. 
They marched for the right to vote, 
the freedom and human dignity that had been denied to them. They marched to end the evil practice of seg-regation and the violent terrorism to which they were subjected on an every-day basis, to remove from our society 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.024 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H693 February 2, 2015 
the poison of racism and racial dis-
crimination. 
However, at the Edmund Pettus 
Bridge this peaceful protest was met with tear gas, police batons, police dogs, and hatred and violence. Images of this tragedy were broadcast across America, opening the eyes of millions of citizens to the brutality and injus-tices that African American commu-nities, especially in the South, had ex-perienced every day. 
Five months after Bloody Sunday, 
the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was signed into law on August 6, 1965, by President Lyndon B. Johnson, prohib-iting racial discrimination in voting. I was 9 months at that time. Sadly, the right to vote remains under threat in the United States. 
Just imagine, five decades later, the 
disparate treatment and discrimina-tion, the trampling of the civil rights and civil liberties of vulnerable com-munities of color, black and Hispanic, Latino Americans, continues to be a blood-soaked stain on the Star-Span-gled Banner in the minds of many Americans. 
In June 2013, the Supreme Court 
ruled that section 4(b) of the Voting Rights Act was unconstitutional, effec-tively undermining our ability to pro-tect the right to vote and ensure unfet-tered access to the ballot. 
We, the members of the CBC, will not 
stand silent and allow the partisanship in this House to reverse these gains made through the bloodshed and the lives martyred to erase from the law books those rights for which many fought and died. 
Mr. Speaker, while we have made 
great progress since 1965, it is all rel-ative. As long as systemic racism re-mains in the hearts and minds of some Americans, there is still much work to be done so that the blood, sweat, and tears shed for the freedom and justice in 1965 and every day since will not have been in vain. 
The courage it took for our colleague 
Representative J
OHN LEWIS and the 
countless and nameless Americans to face an angry State-sponsored mob so that we can all enjoy the freedoms of our country must never be forgotten. We must remain vigilant and continu-ously fight for equal rights for all peo-ple, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, or social background. Until then, Mr. Speaker, the struggle continues. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, as we 
talk about the struggle continuing, it is my honor to ask my colleague and classmate, Congressman M
ARCVEASEY  
from Texas, to be our next presenter. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congresswoman B EATTY for yielding. I 
would also like to thank my colleagues D
ONALD PAYNE and R OBIN KELLY for 
putting together something that we really need to talk about, and I am glad that the theme here is 50 years from Selma, where we are, where we are headed, because I think it is impor-tant that we have that discussion. I oftentimes hear people say in con-
junction when you talk about civil rights, you know, we need to move on, we need to get over it, it was the past, it happened a long time ago. But we know that we can learn a lot from the past. We know that we can learn a lot about where we are going by studying our history. 
So I am really glad that during this 
Black History Month that just started in February that we are able to recon-nect and take the opportunity to talk more about our community’s past and the challenges that we face, and Selma really provides us with a great vehicle to do that. 
I think about an event that I at-
tended several years ago when I was in the State legislature, and I was talking to the audience and mentioning some of the schools in the Fort Worth Inde-pendent School District and around the State of Texas that were segregated. After I got done talking, I was really dismayed that one of the reporters came up to me that was younger than me but had graduated from school in Fort Worth ISD, had graduated 9 years after I did, and she said: I was raised in Fort Worth, and I graduated from a school in Fort Worth, but I didn’t know that the schools were ever segregated here. 
You see how quickly it is that the 
history can disappear and fade away if it is not kept alive; and I think that that is one of the reasons why I am really excited about Selma and the op-portunity to talk about this more, be-cause we really do need to make sure that we keep our youth reconnected with the past or we know that it will fade away. 
Then, also, when you start talking 
about where we are headed, and it has been mentioned tonight, I would like to say that we are headed to someplace more positive, someplace that is for the betterment of all Americans. But we know that there are many mecha-nisms out there that are being designed and implemented by State legislatures all around the country to impede one’s right to vote. 
You can look no further than the 
State that I am very proud of, my own State of Texas, but we have some seri-ous issues. I mean, when you look at redistricting in the State of Texas, when you look at the voter ID laws that were passed in the State of Texas, I mean, right now in the State of Texas you cannot vote with a State-issued ID, but you can vote with a concealed handgun license. 
It is just rules like that that are 
being implemented and put in place that we know are designed to be a bar-rier to people voting, the same types of barriers that were put in place, maybe a little bit differently, maybe with a smile on their face, but we know that the goal is to do exactly what was done in Selma 50 years ago, and it is to pre-vent people from voting. 
So, again, I want to thank the Con-
gresswoman from Ohio and I want to thank my colleagues from Illinois and 
from New Jersey for putting this to-gether. We need to talk about history. It is not the past. It really is still the present, something similar to what Faulkner said. 
We need to continue to have these 
discussions and share these stories with our young people, but I think more importantly that we need to put them in the perspective from today be-cause many of these battles we know that we are still fighting. 
So I am glad that I am able to share 
this with everyone, and I hope that all Members, regardless of where they are from, regardless of what their party is, that they can think about what hap-pened 50 years ago when the walk across the Edmund Pettus Bridge hap-pened, and this is something we can all learn from. 
I want to thank Mrs. B
EATTY for al-
lowing me to have a few words. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you so much to 
my colleague. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time it gives me 
great pleasure to ask Congresswoman B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN —I am very 
proud to say that she is a part of this 114th freshman class—to say a few words. 
(Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and 
was given permission to revise and ex-tend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank the gentle-lady from Ohio for yielding to me. I want to thank both the gentlelady from Illinois and the gentleman from New Jersey for providing this oppor-tunity here to speak tonight on some-thing that I think is very important. 
As a member of the CBC, a very 
proud member, I am here because we rise to commemorate a slice of Amer-ican history that speaks to the spirit that is America. We rise to acknowl-edge the sacrifice and the forethought of a generation whose risks were ulti-mately America’s reward. We rise to recognize the American heroes and sheroes of Selma on the 50th anniver-sary of this Bloody Sunday. 
From Selma, we learned that some-
times protests and objections that are deemed un-American today may later be considered the greatest manifesta-tion of American democracy. 
From Selma, we learned that because 
of a young person’s protests today, he may be called an outside agitator, a troublemaker, or even a provocateur, but that same young person, because of that same activity, may later be called courageous, a hero, or even a Congress-man. 
Yes, from Selma, we learned that or-
dinary people can do extraordinary things when they are on the side of righteousness. Selma taught us, as Dr. King suggested, that it is always the right time to do what is right. 
But at the time of that fight, the 
likelihood that this generation of young dreamers would be successful in transforming an entire society seemed slim. They persevered anyhow. In the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.041 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H694 February 2, 2015 
face of seemingly insurmountable odds, 
these young people fought for what was right no matter the consequence. 
Today we must learn from their ex-
ample; we must persevere in the fight for working families, despite those that believe that there should be no floor for the poor and no ceiling for the rich. 
We must protect the precious right 
to vote for all people. We must per-severe despite the fact that there is lit-tle reward for fighting for people who cannot fight for themselves, and we must fight for what is right and not what is popular. 
We must remember that it is our leg-
acy to fight on the side of righteous-ness when we debate giving access to health care, access to education, access to the right to marry, and access to just plain old justice. I look forward to this collective will and this collective commitment of the CBC because I know that we can never forget Selma. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlelady 
from Ohio. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, in clos-
ing remarks, let me thank you for ex-tending our time tonight. We have heard from voices of legends tonight. But tonight I would like to end by giv-ing special recognition to two new voices, two new legends who tonight led us through something more than a Special Order hour. They led us through a Special Order hour in his-tory. 
To Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE of 
New Jersey, thank you for picking this topic and partnering with my colleague and friend, Congresswoman R
OBIN 
KELLY . 
Mr. Speaker, tonight they are our 
voices of the future. Tonight they had the courage to come and manage time on an issue that we think, as members not only of the Congressional Black Caucus, but of this Congress, being the conscience of this Congress. 
b2045 
Hopefully, it will make a difference 
in this Chamber as we proceed forward. 
Thank you again, Congressman 
P
AYNE and Congresswoman K ELLY . You 
are our voices. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts (at the 
request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on ac-
count of flight cancelation due to weather. 
Mrs. L
AWRENCE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of flight 
cancelation due to weather. 
Ms. L OFGREN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today through February 5 
on account of personal business. 
Mrs. N APOLITANO (at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of 
flight cancelation. EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE 
OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRA -
TION, 
Washington, DC, January 30, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 
3(b) of H. Res. 676 of the 113th Congress, as continued by section 3(f)(2) of H. Res. 5 of the 114th Congress, I write with the following en-closure which is a statement of the aggre-gate amount expended on outside counsel and other experts on any civil action author-ized by H. Res. 676. 
Sincerely, 
C
ANDICE S. M ILLER , 
Chairman, Committee on House 
Administration. 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL 
OR OTHER EXPERTS, H. RES. 676 
July 1–September 30, 2014 ................................................... 0.00 
October 1–December 31, 2014 .............................................. $42,875.00 
Total .............................................................................. $42,875.00 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  
FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit for publication the rules of the Com-mittee on Appropriations for the 114th Con-gress, as adopted on January 28, 2015. 
Resolved, That the rules and practices of 
the Committee on Appropriations, House of Representatives, in the One Hundred Thir-teenth Congress, except as otherwise pro-vided hereinafter, shall be and are hereby adopted as the rules and practices of the Committee on Appropriations in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
The foregoing resolution adopts the fol-
lowing rules: 
SEC. 1: POWER TO SIT AND ACT  
(a) For the purpose of carrying out any of 
its functions and duties under Rules X and XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee and each of its sub-committees is authorized: 
(1) To sit and act at such times and places 
within the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned, and to hold such hearings as it deems nec-essary; and 
(2) To require, by subpoena or otherwise, 
the attendance and testimony of such wit-nesses and the production of such books, re-ports, correspondence, memorandums, pa-pers, and documents as it deems necessary. 
(b) The Chairman, or any Member des-
ignated by the Chairman, may administer oaths to any witness. 
(c) A subpoena may be authorized and 
issued by the Committee or its subcommit-tees under subsection (a)(2) in the conduct of any investigation or activity or series of in-vestigations or activities, only when author-ized by a majority of the Members of the Committee voting, a majority being present. The power to authorize and issue subpoenas under subsection (a)(2) may be delegated to the Chairman pursuant to such rules and under such limitations as the Committee may prescribe. Authorized subpoenas shall be signed by the Chairman or by any Member designated by the Committee. (d) Compliance with any subpoena issued 
by the Committee or its subcommittees may be enforced only as authorized or directed by the House. 
SEC. 2: SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a) The Majority Caucus of the Committee 
shall establish the number of subcommittees and shall determine the jurisdiction of each subcommittee. 
(b) Each subcommittee is authorized to 
meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the Committee all matters referred to it. 
(c) All legislation and other matters re-
ferred to the Committee shall be referred to the subcommittee of appropriate jurisdiction within two weeks unless, by majority vote of the Majority Members of the full Committee, consideration is to be by the full Committee. 
(d) The Majority Caucus of the Committee 
shall determine an appropriate ratio of Ma-jority to Minority Members for each sub-committee. The Chairman is authorized to negotiate that ratio with the Minority; Pro-
vided, however, That party representation in 
each subcommittee, including ex-officio members, shall be no less favorable to the Majority than the ratio for the full Com-mittee. 
(e) The Chairman and Ranking Minority 
Member of the full Committee are each au-thorized to sit as a member of all sub-committees and to participate, including voting, in all of the work of the subcommit-tees. 
SEC. 3: STAFFING  
(a) Committee Staff—The Chairman is au-
thorized to appoint the staff of the Com-mittee, and make adjustments in the job ti-tles and compensation thereof subject to the maximum rates and conditions established in Clause 9(c) of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives. In addition, he is authorized, in his discretion, to arrange for their specialized training. The Chairman is also authorized to employ additional per-sonnel as necessary. 
(b) Assistants to Members: (1) Each Chairman and Ranking Minority 
Member of a Subcommittee or the Full Com-mittee, including a Chairman Emeritus, may select and designate one staff member who shall serve at the pleasure of that Member. 
(2) Notwithstanding (b)(1), the Chairman 
may prescribe such terms and conditions necessary to achieve a reduction in the num-ber of Assistants to Members previously des-ignated by a Member of the Committee prior to the adoption of the Rules of the House es-tablishing the Committee for the 112th Con-gress. 
(3) Staff members designated under this 
subsection shall be compensated at a rate, determined by the Member, not to exceed 75 per centum of the maximum established in Clause 9(c) of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(4) Members designating staff members 
under this subsection must specifically cer-tify by letter to the Chairman that the em-ployees are needed and will be utilized for Committee work. 
SEC. 4: COMMITTEE MEETINGS  
(a) Regular Meeting Day—The regular 
meeting day of the Committee shall be the first Wednesday of each month while the House is in session if notice is given pursu-ant to paragraph (d)(3). 
(b) Additional and Special Meetings: (1) The Chairman may call and convene, as 
he considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Com-mittee business. The Committee shall meet for such purpose pursuant to that call of the Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.042 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H695 February 2, 2015 
(2) If at least three Committee Members 
desire that a special meeting of the Com-mittee be called by the Chairman, those Members may file in the Committee Offices a written request to the Chairman for that special meeting. Such request shall specify the measure or matter to be considered. Upon the filing of the request, the Com-mittee Clerk shall notify the Chairman. 
(3) If within three calendar days after the 
filing of the request, the Chairman does not call the requested special meeting to be held within seven calendar days after the filing of the request, a majority of the Committee Members may file in the Committee Offices their written notice that a special meeting will be held, specifying the date and hour of such meeting, and the measure or matter to be considered. The Committee shall meet on that date and hour. 
(4) Immediately upon the filing of the no-
tice, the Committee Clerk shall notify all Committee Members that such special meet-ing will be held and inform them of its date and hour and the measure or matter to be considered. Such notice shall also be made publicly available in electronic form and shall be deemed to satisfy paragraph (d)(3). Only the measure or matter specified in that notice may be considered at the special meeting. 
(c) Vice Chairman To Preside in Absence of 
Chairman—A member of the majority party on the Committee or subcommittee thereof designated by the Chairman of the full Com-mittee shall be vice chairman of the Com-mittee or subcommittee, as the case may be, and shall preside at any meeting during the temporary absence of the chairman. If the chairman and vice chairman of the Com-mittee or subcommittee are not present at any meeting of the Committee or sub-committee, the ranking member of the ma-jority party who is present shall preside at that meeting. 
(d) Business Meetings: (1) Each meeting for the transaction of 
business, including the markup of legisla-tion, of the Committee and its subcommit-tees shall be open to the public except when the Committee or the subcommittee con-cerned, in open session and with a majority present, determines by roll call vote that all or part of the remainder of the meeting on that day shall be closed. 
(2) No person other than Committee Mem-
bers and such congressional staff and depart-mental representatives as they may author-ize shall be present at any business or mark-up session which has been closed. 
(3) The Chairman shall announce the date, 
place, and subject matter of each committee meeting for the transaction of business, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which members have notice thereof, unless the Chairman, with the con-currence of the Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by majority vote with a quorum present for the transaction of busi-ness, determines there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner, in which case the Chair-man shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. An announcement shall be published promptly in the Daily Di-gest and made publicly available in elec-tronic form. 
(4) At least 24 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of a bill or resolution, or at the time an an-nouncement is made pursuant to the pre-ceding subparagraph within 24 hours before such meeting, the Chairman shall cause the text of such bill or resolution to be made publicly available in electronic form. 
(e) Committee Records: (1) The Committee shall keep a complete 
record of all Committee action, including a record of the votes on any question on which a roll call is taken. The result of each roll 
call vote shall be available for inspection by the public during regular business hours in the Committee Offices and also made avail-able in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote. The information made available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, or other proposition, and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against, and the names of those Members present but not voting. 
(2) Committee records (including hearings, 
data, charts, and files) shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the Chairman of the Committee. Such records shall be the property of the House, and all Members of the House shall have access thereto. 
(3) The records of the Committee at the 
National Archives and Records Administra-tion shall be made available in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House, ex-cept that the Committee authorizes use of any record to which Clause 3(b)(4) of Rule VII of the Rules of the House would other-wise apply after such record has been in ex-istence for 20 years. The Chairman shall no-tify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to Clause 3(b)(3) or Clause 4(b) of Rule VII of the Rules of the House, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Com-mittee for a determination upon the written request of any Member of the Committee. 
(f) Availability of Amendments Adopted— 
Not later than 24 hours after the adoption of an amendment to a bill or resolution, the Chairman shall cause the text of any amend-ment adopted thereto to be made publicly available in electronic form. 
SEC. 5: COMMITTEE AND SUBCOMMITTEE  
HEARINGS  
(a) Overall Budget Hearings—Overall budg-
et hearings by the Committee, including the hearing required by Section 242(c) of the Leg-islative Reorganization Act of 1970 and Clause 4(a)(1) of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives, shall be conducted in open session except when the Committee in open session and with a majority present, determines by roll call vote that the testi-mony to be taken at that hearing on that day may be related to a matter of national security; except that the Committee may by the same procedure close one subsequent day of hearing. A transcript of all such hearings shall be printed and a copy furnished to each Member, Delegate, and the Resident Com-missioner from Puerto Rico. 
(b) Other Hearings: 
(1) All other hearings conducted by the 
Committee or its subcommittees shall be open to the public except when the Com-mittee or subcommittee in open session and with a majority present determines by roll call vote that all or part of the remainder of that hearing on that day shall be closed to the public because disclosure of testimony, evidence, or other matters to be considered would endanger the national security or would violate any law or Rule of the House of Representatives. Notwithstanding the re-quirements of the preceding sentence, a ma-jority of those present at a hearing con-ducted by the Committee or any of its sub-committees, there being in attendance the number required under Section 5(c) of these Rules to be present for the purpose of taking testimony, (1) may vote to close the hearing for the sole purpose of discussing whether testimony or evidence to be received would endanger the national security or violate Clause 2(k)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives or (2) may vote to close the hearing, as provided in Clause 2(k)(5) of such Rule. No Member of the House of Representatives may be excluded from 
nonparticipatory attendance at any hearing of the Committee or its subcommittees un-less the House of Representatives shall by majority vote authorize the Committee or any of its subcommittees, for purposes of a particular series of hearings on a particular article of legislation or on a particular sub-ject of investigation, to close its hearings to Members by the same procedures designated in this subsection for closing hearings to the public; Provided, however, That the Com-
mittee or its subcommittees may by the same procedure vote to close five subsequent days of hearings. 
(2) Subcommittee chairmen shall coordi-
nate the development of schedules for meet-ings or hearings after consultation with the Chairman and other subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings. 
(3) Each witness who is to appear before 
the Committee or any of its subcommittees as the case may be, insofar as is practicable, shall file in advance of such appearance, a written statement of the proposed testimony and shall limit the oral presentation at such appearance to a brief summary, except that this provision shall not apply to any witness appearing before the Committee in the over-all budget hearings. 
(4) Each witness appearing in a nongovern-
mental capacity before the Committee, or any of its subcommittees as the case may be, shall to the greatest extent practicable, sub-mit a written statement including a cur-riculum vitae and a disclosure of the amount and source (by agency and program) of any Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or con-tract (or subcontract thereof), or contracts or payments originating from a foreign gov-ernment, received during the current fiscal year or either of the two previous fiscal years by the witness or by an entity rep-resented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. Such state-ments, with appropriate redactions to pro-tect the privacy of witnesses, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. The disclosure referred to in this paragraph shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or con-tract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing, and the amount and country of origin of any pay-ment or contract related to the subject mat-ter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
(c) Quorum for Taking Testimony—The 
number of Members of the Committee which shall constitute a quorum for taking testi-mony and receiving evidence in any hearing of the Committee shall be two. 
(d) Calling and Interrogation of Witnesses: (1) The Minority Members of the Com-
mittee or its subcommittees shall be enti-tled, upon request to the Chairman or sub-committee chairman, by a majority of them before completion of any hearing, to call witnesses selected by the Minority to testify with respect to the matter under consider-ation during at least one day of hearings thereon. 
(2) The Committee and its subcommittees 
shall observe the five-minute rule during the interrogation of witnesses until such time as each Member of the Committee or sub-committee who so desires has had an oppor-tunity to question the witness. 
(e) Broadcasting and Photographing of 
Committee Meetings and Hearings—When-ever a hearing or meeting conducted by the full Committee or any of its subcommittees is open to the public, those proceedings shall be open to coverage by television, radio, and still photography, and shall be conducted in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.032 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H696 February 2, 2015 
accordance with the requirements set forth 
in Clause (4)(f) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. Neither the full Committee Chairman or subcommittee chairman shall limit the number of tele-vision or still cameras to fewer than two rep-resentatives from each medium (except for legitimate space or safety, in which case pool coverage shall be authorized). To the maximum practicable, the Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily acces-sible to the public. 
(f) Subcommittee Meetings—No sub-
committee shall sit while the House is read-ing an appropriation measure for amendment under the five-minute rule or while the Com-mittee is in session. 
(g) Public Notice of Committee Hearings— 
The Chairman of the Committee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any Committee or sub-committee hearing at least one week before the commencement of the hearing. If the Chairman of the Committee or sub-committee, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member of the Committee 
or respective subcommittee, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee or subcommittee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman or subcommittee chairman shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. Any announcement made under this subsection shall be promptly pub-lished in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. 
SEC. 6: PROCEDURES FOR REPORTING BILLS AND  
RESOLUTIONS  
(a) Prompt Reporting Requirement: 
(1) It shall be the duty of the Chairman to 
report, or cause to be reported promptly to the House any bill or resolution approved by the Committee and to take or cause to be taken necessary steps to bring the matter to a vote. 
(2) In any event, a report on a bill or reso-
lution which the Committee has approved shall be filed within seven calendar days (ex-clusive of days in which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the Committee Clerk a writ-ten request, signed by a majority of Com-mittee Members, for the reporting of such bill or resolution. Upon the filing of any such request, the Committee Clerk shall notify the Chairman immediately of the filing of the request. This subsection does not apply to the reporting of a regular appropriation bill or to the reporting of a resolution of in-quiry addressed to the head of an executive department. 
(b) Presence of Committee Majority—No 
measure or recommendation shall be re-ported from the Committee unless a major-ity of the Committee was actually present. 
(c) Roll Call Votes—With respect to each 
roll call vote on a motion to report any measure or matter of a public character, and on any amendment offered to the measure of matter, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those Mem-bers voting for and against, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. 
(d) Compliance With Congressional Budget 
Act—A Committee report on a bill or resolu-tion which has been approved by the Com-mittee shall include the statement required by Section 308(a) of the Congressional Budg-et Act of 1974, separately set out and clearly identified, if the bill or resolution provides new budget authority. (e) Changes in Existing Law—Each Com-
mittee report on a general appropriation bill shall contain a concise statement describing fully the effect of any provision of the bill which directly or indirectly changes the ap-plication of existing law. 
(f) Rescissions and Transfers—Each bill or 
resolution reported by the Committee shall include separate headings for rescissions and transfers of unexpended balances with all proposed rescissions and transfers listed therein. The report of the Committee accom-panying such a bill or resolution shall in-clude a separate section with respect to such rescissions or transfers. 
(g) Listing of Unauthorized Appropria-
tions—Each Committee report on a general appropriation bill shall contain a list of all appropriations contained in the bill for any expenditure not currently authorized by law for the period concerned (except for classi-fied intelligence or national security pro-grams, projects, or activities) along with a statement of the last year for which such ex-penditures were authorized, the level of ex-penditures authorized for that year, the ac-tual level of expenditures for that year, and the level of appropriations in the bill for such expenditures. 
(h) Supplemental or Minority Views: (1) If, at the time the Committee approves 
any measure or matter, any Committee Member gives notice of intention to file sup-plemental, minority, additional, or dis-senting views, all Members shall be entitled to not less than two additional calendar days after the day of such notice (excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays, and legal holidays) in which to file such views in writing and signed by the Member, with the Clerk of the Committee. All such views so filed shall be included in and shall be a part of the report filed by the Committee with respect to that measure or matter. 
(2) The Committee report on that measure 
or matter shall be printed in a single volume which— 
(i) shall include all supplemental, minor-
ity, additional, or dissenting views which have been submitted by the time of the filing of the report, and 
(ii) shall have on its cover a recital that 
any such supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views are included as part of the report. 
(3) This subsection does not preclude— (i) the immediate filing or printing of a 
Committee report unless timely request for the opportunity to file supplemental, minor-ity, additional, or dissenting views has been made as provided by such subsection; or 
(ii) the filing by the Committee of a sup-
plemental report on a measure or matter which may be required for correction of any technical error in a previous report made by the Committee on that measure or matter. 
(4) If, at the time a subcommittee approves 
any measure or matter for recommendation to the full Committee, any Member of that subcommittee who gives notice of intention to offer supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views shall be entitled, insofar as is practicable and in accordance with the printing requirements as determined by the subcommittee, to include such views in the Committee Print with respect to that meas-ure or matter. 
(i) Availability of Reports—A copy of each 
bill, resolution, or report shall be made available to each Member of the Committee at least three calendar days (excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays, and legal holidays) in ad-vance of the date on which the Committee is to consider each bill, resolution, or report; Provided, That this subsection may be waived by agreement between the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the full Committee. (j) Performance Goals and Objectives— 
Each Committee report shall contain a statement of general performance goals and objectives, including outcome-related goals and objectives, for which the measure au-thorizes funding. 
(k) Motion to go to Conference—The Chair-
man is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
SEC. 7: VOTING  
(a) No vote by any Member of the Com-
mittee or any of its subcommittees with re-spect to any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. 
(b) The vote on any question before the 
Committee shall be taken by the yeas and nays on the demand of one-fifth of the Mem-bers present. 
(c) The Chairman of the Committee or the 
chairman of any of its subcommittees may— 
(1) postpone further proceedings when a 
record vote is ordered on the question of ap-proving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment; 
(2) resume proceedings on a postponed 
question at any time after reasonable notice. 
When proceedings resume on a postponed 
question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an under-lying proposition shall remain subject to fur-ther debate or amendment to the same ex-tent as when the question was postponed. 
SEC. 8: STUDIES AND EXAMINATIONS  
The following procedure shall be applicable 
with respect to the conduct of studies and examinations of the organization and oper-ation of Executive Agencies under authority contained in Section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and in Clause (3)(a) of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives: 
(a) The Chairman is authorized to appoint 
such staff and, in his discretion, arrange for the procurement of temporary services of consultants, as from time to time may be re-quired. 
(b) Studies and examinations will be initi-
ated upon the written request of a sub-committee which shall be reasonably specific and definite in character, and shall be initi-ated only by a majority vote of the sub-committee, with the chairman of the sub-committee and the ranking minority mem-ber thereof participating as part of such ma-jority vote. When so initiated such request shall be filed with the Clerk of the Com-mittee for submission to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member and their ap-proval shall be required to make the same ef-fective. Notwithstanding any action taken on such request by the chairman and rank-ing minority member of the subcommittee, a request may be approved by a majority of the Committee. 
(c) Any request approved as provided under 
subsection (b) shall be immediately turned over to the staff appointed for action. 
(d) Any information obtained by such staff 
shall be reported to the chairman of the sub-committee requesting such study and exam-ination and to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, shall be made available to the members of the subcommittee con-cerned, and shall not be released for publica-tion until the subcommittee so determines. 
(e) Any hearings or investigations which 
may be desired, aside from the regular hear-ings on appropriation items, when approved by the Committee, shall be conducted by the subcommittee having jurisdiction over the matter. 
SEC. 9: TEMPORARY INVESTIGATIVE TASK  
FORCES  
(a) The Chairman of the Full Committee, 
in consultation with the Ranking Member of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.033 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H697 February 2, 2015 
the Full Committee, may establish and ap-
point members to serve on task forces of the Committee, to examine specific activities for a limited period of time in accordance with clause 5(b)2(C) of Rule X of the Rules of the House. 
(b) The Chairman of the Full Committee 
shall issue a written directive, in consulta-tion with the Ranking Member of the Full Committee, delineating the specific activi-ties to be reviewed by a task force con-stituted pursuant to the preceding para-graph. 
(c) A task force constituted under this sec-
tion shall provide a written report of its findings and recommendations to the Full Committee Chairman and Ranking Member and members of the relevant subcommittees having jurisdiction over the matters re-viewed. Such report shall be approved by a majority vote of the task force and shall in-clude any supplemental, minority, addi-tional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the task force or a member of a subcommittee having jurisdiction over the matter reviewed. 
(d) Any information obtained during the 
course of such investigation, and any report produced by, a task force pursuant to this section, shall not be released until the Chair-man of the Full Committee has authorized such release. 
(e) The Chairman is authorized to appoint 
such staff, and, in his discretion, arrange for the procurement of temporary services, as from time to time may be required. 
SEC. 10: OFFICIAL TRAVEL  
(a) The chairman of a subcommittee shall 
approve requests for travel by subcommittee members and staff for official business with-in the jurisdiction of that subcommittee. The ranking minority member of a sub-committee shall concur in such travel re-quests by minority members of that sub-committee and the Ranking Minority Mem-ber shall concur in such travel requests for Minority Members of the Committee. Re-quests in writing covering the purpose, itinerary, and dates of proposed travel shall be submitted for final approval to the Chair-man. Specific approval shall be required for each and every trip. 
(b) The Chairman is authorized during the 
recess of the Congress to approve travel au-thorizations for Committee Members and staff, including travel outside the United States. 
(c) As soon as practicable, the Chairman 
shall direct the head of each Government agency concerned to honor requests of sub-committees, individual Members, or staff for travel, the direct or indirect expenses of which are to be defrayed from an executive appropriation, only upon request from the Chairman. 
(d) In accordance with Clause 8 of Rule X 
of the Rules of the House of Representatives and Section 502(b) of the Mutual Security Act of 1954, as amended, local currencies owned by the United States shall be avail-able to Committee Members and staff en-gaged in carrying out their official duties outside the United States, its territories, or possessions. No Committee Member or staff member shall receive or expend local cur-rencies for subsistence in any country at a rate in excess of the maximum per diem rate set forth in applicable Federal law. 
(e) Travel Reports: (1) Members or staff shall make a report to 
the Chairman on their travel, covering the purpose, results, itinerary, expenses, and other pertinent comments. 
(2) With respect to travel outside the 
United States or its territories or posses-sions, the report shall include: (1) an itemized list showing the dates each country was visited, the amount of per diem fur-
nished, the cost of transportation furnished, and any funds expended for any other official purpose; and (2) a summary in these cat-egories of the total foreign currencies and/ or appropriated funds expended. All such indi-vidual reports on foreign travel shall be filed with the Chairman no later than sixty days following completion of the travel for use in complying with reporting requirements in applicable Federal law, and shall be open for public inspection. 
(3) Each Member or employee performing 
such travel shall be solely responsible for supporting the amounts reported by the Member or employee. 
(4) No report or statement as to any trip 
shall be publicized making any recommenda-tions on behalf of the Committee without the authorization of a majority of the Com-mittee. 
(f) Members and staff of the Committee 
performing authorized travel on official busi-ness pertaining to the jurisdiction of the Committee shall be governed by applicable laws or regulations of the House and of the Committee on House Administration per-taining to such travel, and as promulgated from time to time by the Chairman. 
SEC. 11. ACTIVITIES REPORTS  
(a) Not later than January 2 of each odd- 
numbered year, the Committee shall submit to the House a report on the activities of the Committee. 
(b) After adjournment sine die of a regular 
session of Congress, or after December 15, whichever occurs first, the Chairman may file the report with the Clerk of the House at any time and without the approval of the Committee, provided that a copy of the re-port has been available to each Member of the Committee for at least seven calendar days and the report includes any supple-mental, minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the Com-mittee. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES FOR THE COMMITTEE ON NATURAL  
RESOURCES FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 
2(a)(2) of House of Representatives Rule XI, I am submitting the Committee on Natural Resource’s Rules for publication in the Con-gressional Record. These rules were adopted by a vote of the Committee on January 28, 2015. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
(Adopted January 28, 2015) 
RULE 1 . RULES OF THE HOUSE ; VICE CHAIRMEN  
(a) Applicability of House Rules. 
(1) The Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, so far as they are applicable, are the rules of the Committee on Natural Resources (hereinafter in these rules referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) and its Subcommittees. 
(2) Each Subcommittee is part of the Com-
mittee and is subject to the authority, direc-tion and rules of the Committee. References in these rules to ‘‘Committee’’ and ‘‘Chair-man’’ shall apply to each Subcommittee and its Chairman wherever applicable. 
(3) House Rule XI is incorporated and made 
a part of the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. 
(b) Vice Chairmen.—Unless inconsistent 
with other rules, the Chairman shall appoint Vice Chairmen of the Committee and the 
Subcommittees. If the Chairman of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee is not present at any meeting of the Committee or Sub-committee, as the case may be, the Vice Chairman shall preside. If the Vice Chairman is not present, the ranking Member of the Majority party on the Committee or Sub-committee who is present shall preside at that meeting. 
RULE 2 . MEETINGS IN GENERAL  
(a) Scheduled Meetings.—The Committee 
shall meet at 10 a.m. the first Wednesday of each month when the House is in session if so noticed by the Chairman under Com-mittee Rule 3(a). The Committee shall also meet at the call of the Chairman subject to advance notice to all Members of the Com-mittee. Special meetings shall be called and convened by the Chairman as provided in clause 2(c)(1) of House Rule XI. Any Com-mittee meeting or hearing that conflicts with a party caucus, conference, or similar party meeting shall be rescheduled at the discretion of the Chairman, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. The Committee may not sit during a joint ses-sion of the House and Senate or during a re-cess when a joint meeting of the House and Senate is in progress. 
(b) Open Meetings.—Each meeting for the 
transaction of business, including the mark-up of legislation, and each hearing of the Committee or a Subcommittee shall be open to the public, except as provided by clause 2(g) and clause 2(k) of House Rule XI. 
(c) Broadcasting.—Whenever a meeting for 
the transaction of business, including the markup of legislation, or a hearing is open to the public, that meeting or hearing shall be open to coverage by television, radio, and still photography in accordance with clauses 2(a)(1) and 4 of House Rule XI. The provisions of clause 4(f) of House Rule XI are specifi-cally made part of these rules by reference. To the maximum extent practicable, the Committee shall provide audio and visual coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that al-lows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings, and maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. Operation and use of any Committee Internet broadcast system shall be fair and nonpartisan and in accord-ance with clause 4(b) of House Rule XI and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. 
(d) Oversight Plan.—No later than Feb-
ruary 15 of the first session of each Congress, the Committee shall adopt its oversight plans for that Congress in accordance with clause 2(d)(1) of House Rule X. 
RULE 3 . MEETING AND HEARING PROCEDURES IN  
GENERAL  
(a) Notice and Information for Members 
and the Public. 
(1) The Chairman shall publicly announce 
the date, place and subject matter of: (i) a Committee hearing, which may not com-mence earlier than one week after such no-tice; or (ii) a Committee meeting, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof. 
(2) A hearing or meeting may begin sooner 
if the Chairman, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the meeting or hearing sooner, or if the Committee so deter-
mines by majority vote. In these cases, the Chairman shall publicly announce the meet-ing or hearing at the earliest possible time. The Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record and shall promptly make publicly available in electronic form the appropriate information as soon as possible after the public announcement is made. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.033 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H698 February 2, 2015 
(3) To the extent practicable, a background 
memorandum prepared by the Majority staff summarizing the major provisions of any bill being considered by the Committee, includ-ing the need for the bill and its effect on cur-rent law, will be available for the Members of the Committee and the public no later than 48 hours before the meeting. 
(b) Public Availability of Markup Text.— 
At least 24 hours prior to the markup of any legislation (or at the time of an announce-ment under paragraph (a)(2) above made within 24 hours before such meeting), the Chairman shall cause the text of such legis-lation to be made publicly available in elec-tronic form. 
(c) Meetings and Hearings to Begin 
Promptly.—Each meeting or hearing of the Committee shall begin promptly at the time stipulated in the public announcement of the meeting or hearing. 
(d) Addressing the Committee.—A Com-
mittee Member may address the Committee or a Subcommittee on any bill, motion, or other matter under consideration or may question a witness at a hearing only when recognized by the Chairman for that purpose. The time a Member may address the Com-mittee or Subcommittee for any purpose or to question a witness shall be limited to five minutes, except as provided in Committee Rule 4(f). A Member shall limit his remarks to the subject matter under consideration. The Chairman shall enforce the preceding provision. 
(e) Quorums. (1) A majority of the Members of the Com-
mittee shall constitute a quorum for the re-porting of any measure or recommendation, the authorizing of a subpoena, the closing of any meeting or hearing to the public under clause 2(g)(1), clause 2(g)(2)(A) and clause 2(k)(5)(B) of House Rule XI, and the releasing of executive session materials under clause 2(k)(7) of House Rule X. Testimony and evi-dence may be received at any hearing at which there are at least two Members of the Committee present. For the purpose of transacting all other business of the Com-mittee, one third of the Members shall con-stitute a quorum. 
(2) When a call of the roll is required to as-
certain the presence of a quorum, the offices of all Members shall be notified and the Members shall have not less than 15 minutes to prove their attendance. The Chairman shall have the discretion to waive this re-quirement when a quorum is actually present or whenever a quorum is secured and 
may direct the relevant Committee Staff to note the names of all Members present with-in the 15–minute period. 
(f) Participation of Members in Committee 
and Subcommittees.—Any Member of the Committee may sit with any Subcommittee during any meeting or hearing, and by unan-imous consent of the Members of the Sub-committee, may participate in such meeting or hearing. However, a Member who is not a Member of the Subcommittee may not vote on any matter before the Subcommittee, be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum or raise points of order. 
(g) Proxies.—No vote in the Committee or 
its Subcommittees may be cast by proxy. 
(h) Record Votes.—Record votes shall be 
ordered on the demand of one-fifth of the Members present, or by any Member in the apparent absence of a quorum. 
(i) Postponed Record Votes. (1) Subject to paragraph (2), the Chairman 
may, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, postpone further pro-ceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman shall resume proceedings on a postponed re-quest at any time after reasonable notice, but no later than the next meeting day. (2) Notwithstanding any intervening order 
for the previous question, when proceedings resume on a postponed question under para-graph (1), an underlying proposition shall re-main subject to further debate or amend-ment to the same extent as when the ques-tion was postponed. 
(3) This rule shall apply to Subcommittee 
proceedings. 
(j) Privileged Motions.—A motion to recess 
from day to day, a motion to recess subject to the call of the Chairman (within 24 hours), and a motion to dispense with the first read-ing (in full) of a bill or resolution if printed copies are available, are nondebatable mo-tions of high privilege. 
(k) Layover and Copy of Bill.—No measure 
or recommendation reported by a Sub-committee shall be considered by the Com-mittee until two calendar days from the time of Subcommittee action. No bill shall be considered by the Committee unless a copy has been delivered to the office of each Member of the Committee requesting a copy. These requirements may be waived by a ma-jority vote of the Committee at the time of consideration of the measure or rec-ommendation. 
(l) Access to Dais and Conference Room.— 
Access to the hearing rooms’ daises (and to the conference rooms adjacent to the Com-mittee hearing rooms) shall be limited to Members of Congress and employees of the Committee during a meeting or hearing of the Committee, except that Committee Members’ personal staff may be present on the daises if their employing Member is the author of a bill or amendment under consid-eration by the Committee, but only during the time that the bill or amendment is under active consideration by the Committee. Ac-cess to the conference rooms adjacent to the Committee hearing rooms shall be limited to Members of Congress and employees of Con-gress during a meeting or hearing of the Committee. 
(m) Cellular Telephones.—The use of cel-
lular telephones is prohibited on the Com-mittee dais or in the Committee hearing rooms during a meeting or hearing of the Committee. 
(n) Motion to go to Conference with the 
Senate.—The Chairman may offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
RULE 4 . HEARING PROCEDURES  
(a) Written Statement; Oral Testimony.— 
Each witness who is to appear before the Committee or a Subcommittee shall file with the relevant Full Committee Staff or Subcommittee Clerk, at least two working days before the day of his or her appearance, a written statement of their proposed testi-mony. Each witness shall limit his or her oral presentation to a five-minute summary of the written statement, unless the Chair-man, in consultation with the Ranking Mi-nority Member, extends this time period. Subject to the approval of the Committee, the Chairman may waive oral testimony of any witness who has submitted written testi-mony for the record. In addition, a witness appearing in a nongovernmental capacity shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclo-sure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the cur-rent calendar year or either of the previous calendar years by the witness or by the enti-ty represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. The dis-closure shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing and the amount and country of origin of any pay-ment or contract related to the subject mat-ter of the hearing originating with a foreign 
government. Failure to comply with these disclosure requirements may result in the exclusion of the written testimony from the hearing record and/or the barring of an oral 
presentation of the testimony. 
(b) Minority Witnesses.—When any hearing 
is conducted by the Committee or any Sub-committee upon any measure or matter, the Minority party Members on the Committee or Subcommittee shall be entitled, upon re-quest to the Chairman by a majority of those Minority Members before the completion of the hearing, to call witnesses selected by the Minority to testify with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearings thereon. 
(c) Information for Members.—After an-
nouncement of a hearing, the Committee shall make available as soon as practicable to all Members of the Committee a tentative witness list and to the extent practicable the Majority staff shall make publicly available a memorandum explaining the subject mat-ter of the hearing (including relevant legisla-tive reports and other necessary material). In addition, the Chairman shall make avail-able to the Members of the Committee any official reports from departments and agen-cies on the subject matter as they are re-ceived. 
(d) Subpoenas.—The Committee or a Sub-
committee may authorize and issue a sub-poena under clause 2(m) of House Rule XI if authorized by a majority of the Members voting. In addition, the Chairman of the Committee may authorize and issue sub-poenas during any period of time in which the House of Representatives has adjourned for more than three days. Subpoenas shall be signed only by the Chairman of the Com-mittee, or any Member of the Committee au-thorized by the Committee, and may be served by any person designated by the Chairman or Member. 
(e) Oaths.—The Chairman of the Com-
mittee, the Chairmen of the Subcommittees or any Member designated by the Chairman may administer oaths to any witness before the Committee. All witnesses appearing in hearings may be administered the following oath by the Chairman or his designee prior to receiving the testimony: ‘‘Do you sol-emnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?’’ 
(f) Opening Statements; Questioning of 
Witnesses. 
(1) Opening statements by Members may 
not be presented orally, unless the Chairman or his designee makes a statement, in which case the Ranking Minority Member or his designee may also make a statement. In ad-dition, the Vice Chairman may make a state-ment, in which case, a designee of the Rank-ing Minority Member may also make a statement. If a witness scheduled to testify at any hearing of the Committee is a con-stituent of a Member of the Committee, that Member shall be entitled to briefly introduce the witness at the hearing. 
(2) The questioning of witnesses in Com-
mittee and Subcommittee hearings shall be initiated by the Chairman, followed by the Ranking Minority Member and all other Members alternating between the Majority and Minority parties. In recognizing Mem-bers to question witnesses, the Chairman shall take into consideration the ratio of the Majority to Minority Members present and shall establish the order of recognition for questioning in a manner so as not to dis-advantage the Members of the Majority or the Members of the Minority. A motion is in order to allow designated Majority and Mi-nority party Members to question a witness for a specified period to be equally divided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.034 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H699 February 2, 2015 
between the Majority and Minority parties. 
This period shall not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(g) Materials for Hearing Record.—Any 
materials submitted specifically for inclu-sion in the hearing record must address the announced subject matter of the hearing and be submitted to the relevant Full Committee Staff or Subcommittee Clerk no later than 10 business days following the last day of the hearing. 
(h) Claims of Privilege.—Claims of com-
mon-law privileges made by witnesses in hearings, or by interviewees or deponents in investigations or inquiries, are applicable only at the discretion of the Chairman, sub-ject to appeal to the Committee. 
RULE 5 . FILING OF COMMITTEE REPORTS  
(a) Duty of Chairman.—Whenever the Com-
mittee authorizes the favorable reporting of a measure from the Committee, the Chair-man or his designee shall report the same to the House of Representatives and shall take all steps necessary to secure its passage without any additional authority needing to be set forth in the motion to report each in-dividual measure. In appropriate cases, the authority set forth in this rule shall extend to moving in accordance with the Rules of the House of Representatives that the House be resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union for the con-sideration of the measure; and to moving in accordance with the Rules of the House of Representatives for the disposition of a Sen-ate measure that is substantially the same as the House measure as reported. 
(b) Filing.—A report on a measure which 
has been approved by the Committee shall be filed within seven calendar days (exclusive of days on which the House of Representatives is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the relevant Full Committee Staff a written request, signed by a majority of the Members of the Com-mittee, for the reporting of that measure. Upon the filing with the relevant Full Com-mittee Staff of this request, the Staff shall transmit immediately to the Chairman no-tice of the filing of that request. 
(c) Supplemental, Additional, Dissenting 
or Minority Views.—Any Member may, if no-tice is given by any Member at the time a measure or matter is approved by the Com-mittee, file supplemental, additional, dis-senting or minority views. These views must be in writing and signed by each Member joining therein and be filed with the Com-mittee Chief Counsel not less than two addi-tional calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays except when the House is in session on those days) of the time the bill or resolution is approved by the Committee. This paragraph shall not pre-clude the filing of any supplemental report on any measure or matter that may be re-quired for the correction of any technical error in a previous report made by the Com-mittee on that bill or resolution. 
(d) Review by Members.—Each Member of 
the Committee shall be given an opportunity to review each proposed Committee report before it is filed with the Clerk of the House of Representatives. Nothing in this para-graph extends the time allowed for filing supplemental, additional or minority views under paragraph (c). 
(e) Disclaimer.—All Committee or Sub-
committee reports printed and not approved by a majority vote of the Committee or Sub-committee, as appropriate, shall contain the following disclaimer on the cover of the re-port: 
‘‘This report has not been officially adopt-
ed by the {Committee on Natural Resources} {Subcommittee} and may not therefore nec-essarily reflect the views of its Members.’’ RULE 6 . ESTABLISHMENT OF SUBCOMMITTEES ; 
FULL COMMITTEE JURISDICTION ; BILL REFER -
RALS  
(a) Subcommittees.—There shall be five 
standing Subcommittees of the Committee, with the following jurisdiction and respon-sibilities: 
Subcommittee on Federal Lands 
(1) Measures and matters related to the 
National Park System and its units, includ-ing Federal reserved water rights. 
(2) The National Wilderness Preservation 
System. 
(3) Wild and Scenic Rivers System, Na-
tional Trails System, national heritage areas and other national units established for pro-tection, conservation, preservation or rec-reational development, other than coastal barriers. 
(4) Military parks and battlefields, na-
tional cemeteries administered by the Sec-retary of the Interior, parks in and within the vicinity of the District of Columbia and the erection of monuments to the memory of individuals. 
(5) Federal and non-Federal outdoor recre-
ation plans, programs and administration in-cluding the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 and the Outdoor Recreation Act of 1963. 
(6) Preservation of prehistoric ruins and 
objects of interest on the public domain and other historic preservation programs and ac-tivities, including national monuments, his-toric sites and programs for international cooperation in the field of historic preserva-tion. 
(7) Matters concerning the following agen-
cies and programs: Urban Parks and Recre-ation Recovery Program, Historic American Buildings Survey, Historic American Engi-neering Record, and U.S. Holocaust Memo-rial. 
(8) Public lands generally, including meas-
ures or matters relating to entry, easements, withdrawals, grazing and Federal reserved water rights. 
(9) Forfeiture of land grants and alien own-
ership, including alien ownership of mineral lands. 
(10) Cooperative efforts to encourage, en-
hance and improve international programs for the protection of the environment and the conservation of natural resources other-wise within the jurisdiction of the Sub-committee. 
(11) Forest reservations, including manage-
ment thereof, created from the public do-main. 
(12) Public forest lands generally, includ-
ing measures or matters related to entry, easements, withdrawals, grazing and Federal reserved water rights. 
(13) Wildlife resources, including research, 
restoration, refuges and conservation, and National Wildlife Refuges. 
Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans 
(1) Generation and marketing of electric 
power from Federal water projects by Feder-ally chartered or Federal regional power marketing authorities. 
(2) All measures and matters concerning 
water resources planning conducted pursu-ant to the Water Resources Planning Act, water resource research and development programs and saline water research and de-velopment. 
(3) Compacts relating to the use and appor-
tionment of interstate waters, water rights and major interbasin water or power move-ment programs. 
(4) All measures and matters pertaining to 
irrigation and reclamation projects and other water resources development and recy-cling programs, including policies and proce-dures. (5) Indian water rights and settlements. 
(6) Rights of way over public lands for en-
ergy-related transmission. 
(7) Fisheries management and fisheries re-
search generally, including the management of all commercial and recreational fisheries (including the reauthorization of the Magnu-son Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act), interjurisdictional fisheries, international fisheries agreements, aqua-culture, seafood safety, and fisheries pro-motion. 
(8) All matters pertaining to the protection 
of coastal and marine environments, estua-rine protection, and coastal barriers (except coastal zone management). 
(9) Oceanography. (10) Ocean engineering, including mate-
rials, technology and systems. 
(11) Marine sanctuaries. (12) U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea. (13) All matters regarding Antarctica with-
in the Committee’s jurisdiction. 
(14) Sea Grant programs and marine exten-
sion services. 
(15) Cooperative efforts to encourage, en-
hance and improve international programs for the protection of the environment and the conservation of natural resources other-wise within the jurisdiction of the Sub-committee. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources 
(1) All measures and matters concerning 
the U.S. Geological Survey, except for the activities and programs of the Water Re-sources Division or its successor. 
(2) All measures and matters affecting geo-
thermal resources. 
(3) Conservation of United States uranium 
supply. 
(4) Mining interests generally, including 
all matters involving mining regulation and enforcement, including the reclamation of mined lands, the environmental effects of mining, and the management of mineral re-ceipts, mineral land laws and claims, long- range mineral programs and deep seabed mining. 
(5) Mining schools, experimental stations 
and long-range mineral programs. 
(6) Mineral resources on public lands. (7) Conservation and development of oil 
and gas resources of the Outer Continental Shelf. 
(8) Petroleum conservation on the public 
lands and conservation of the radium supply in the United States. 
(9) Measures and matters concerning the 
transportation of natural gas from or within Alaska and disposition of oil transported by the trans-Alaska oil pipeline. 
(10) Cooperative efforts to encourage, en-
hance and improve international programs for the protection of the environment and the conservation of natural resources other-wise within the jurisdiction of the Sub-committee. 
(11) Coastal zone management. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska 
Native Affairs 
(1) Measures relating to the welfare of Na-
tive Americans, including management of Indian lands in general and special measures relating to claims which are paid out of In-dian funds. 
(2) All matters regarding the relations of 
the United States with Native Americans and Native American tribes, including spe-cial oversight functions under House Rule X. 
(3) All matters regarding Native Alaskans. (4) All matters related to the Federal trust 
responsibility to Native Americans and the sovereignty of Native Americans. 
(5) All matters regarding insular areas of 
the United States. 
(6) All measures or matters regarding the 
Freely Associated States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.035 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H700 February 2, 2015 
(7) All matters regarding Native Hawai-
ians. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations 
(1) Primary and general oversight and in-
vestigative authority on all activities, poli-cies and programs within the jurisdiction of the Committee under House Rule X. 
(b) Full Committee.—The following meas-
ures and matters shall be retained at the Full Committee: 
(1) Environmental and habitat measures of 
general applicability, including the National Environmental Policy Act and the Endan-gered Species Act. 
(2) Cooperative efforts to encourage, en-
hance and improve international programs for the protection of the environment and the conservation of natural resources other-wise within the jurisdiction of the Full Com-mittee under this paragraph. 
(3) All other measures and matters re-
tained by the Full Committee, including those retained under Committee Rule 6(e). 
(4) General and continuing oversight and 
investigative authority over activities, poli-cies and programs within the jurisdiction of the Full Committee. 
(c) Ex-officio Members.—The Chairman 
and Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee may serve as ex-officio Members of each standing Subcommittee to which the Chairman or the Ranking Minority Member have not been assigned. Ex-officio Members shall have the right to fully participate in Subcommittee activities but may not vote and may not be counted in establishing a quorum. 
(d) Powers and Duties of Subcommittees.— 
Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evidence and report to the Committee on all matters within its ju-risdiction. Each Subcommittee shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the appli-cation, administration, execution and effec-tiveness of those statutes, or parts of stat-utes, the subject matter of which is within that Subcommittee’s jurisdiction; and the organization, operation, and regulations of any Federal agency or entity having respon-sibilities in or for the administration of such statutes, to determine whether these stat-utes are being implemented and carried out in accordance with the intent of Congress. Each Subcommittee shall review and study any conditions or circumstances indicating the need of enacting new or supplemental legislation within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee. Each Subcommittee shall have general and continuing oversight and investigative authority over activities, poli-cies and programs within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee. 
(e) Referral to Subcommittees; Recall. (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2) and 
for those measures or matters retained at the Full Committee, every legislative meas-ure or other matter referred to the Com-mittee shall be referred to the maximum ex-tent possible to the Subcommittee of juris-diction within two weeks of the date of its referral to the Committee. If any measure or matter is within or affects the jurisdiction of one or more Subcommittees, the Chairman may refer that measure or matter simulta-neously to two or more Subcommittees for concurrent consideration or for consider-ation in sequence subject to appropriate time limits, or divide the matter into two or more parts and refer each part to a Sub-committee. 
(2) The Chairman, with the approval of a 
majority of the Majority Members of the Committee, may refer a legislative measure or other matter to a select or special Sub-committee. A legislative measure or other matter referred by the Chairman to a Sub-committee may be recalled from the Sub-committee for direct consideration by the 
Full Committee, or for referral to another Subcommittee, provided Members of the Committee receive one week written notice of the recall and a majority of the Members of the Committee do not object. In addition, a legislative measure or other matter re-ferred by the Chairman to a Subcommittee may be recalled from the Subcommittee at any time by majority vote of the Committee for direct consideration by the Full Com-mittee or for referral to another Sub-committee. 
(f) Consultation.—Each Subcommittee 
Chairman shall consult with the Chairman of the Full Committee prior to setting dates for Subcommittee meetings and hearings with a view towards avoiding whenever possible conflicting Committee and Subcommittee meetings and hearings. 
(g) Vacancy.—A vacancy in the member-
ship of a Subcommittee shall not affect the power of the remaining Members to execute the functions of the Subcommittee. 
RULE 7 . TASK FORCES , SPECIAL OR SELECT  
SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a) Appointment.—The Chairman of the 
Committee is authorized, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, to ap-point Task Forces, or special or select Sub-committees, to carry out the duties and functions of the Committee. 
(b) Ex-Officio Members.—The Chairman 
and Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee may serve as ex-officio Members of each Task Force, or special or select Sub-committee if they are not otherwise mem-bers. Ex-officio Members shall have the right to fully participate in activities but may not vote and may not be counted in establishing a quorum. 
(c) Party Ratios.—The ratio of Majority 
Members to Minority Members, excluding ex-officio Members, on each Task Force, spe-cial or select Subcommittee shall be as close as practicable to the ratio on the Full Com-mittee. 
(d) Temporary Resignation.—A Member 
can temporarily resign his or her position on a Subcommittee to serve on a Task Force, special or select Subcommittee without prej-udice to the Member’s seniority on the Sub-committee. 
(e) Chairman and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber.—The Chairman of any Task Force, or special or select Subcommittee shall be ap-pointed by the Chairman of the Committee. The Ranking Minority Member shall select a Ranking Minority Member for each Task Force, or standing, special or select Sub-committee. 
RULE 8 . RECOMMENDATION OF CONFEREES  
Whenever it becomes necessary to appoint 
conferees on a particular measure, the Chair-man shall recommend to the Speaker as con-ferees those Majority Members, as well as those Minority Members recommended to the Chairman by the Ranking Minority Member, primarily responsible for the meas-ure. The ratio of Majority Members to Mi-nority Members recommended for con-ferences shall be no greater than the ratio on the Committee. 
RULE 9 . COMMITTEE RECORDS  
(a) Segregation of Records.—All Com-
mittee records shall be kept separate and distinct from the office records of individual Committee Members serving as Chairmen or Ranking Minority Members. These records shall be the property of the House and all Members shall have access to them in ac-cordance with clause 2(e)(2) of House Rule XI. 
(b) Availability.—The Committee shall 
make available to the public for review at reasonable times in the Committee office transcripts of public meetings and hearings, 
except those that are unrevised or unedited and intended solely for the use of the Com-mittee. 
(c) Archived Records.—Records of the Com-
mittee which are deposited with the Na-tional Archives shall be made available for public use pursuant to House Rule VII. The Chairman of the Committee shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of House Rule VII, to withhold, or to provide a time, schedule or condition for availability of any record otherwise available. At the written request of any Member of the Com-mittee, the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination and shall be subject to the same notice and quorum re-quirements for the conduct of business under Committee Rule 3. 
(d) Records of Closed Meetings.—Notwith-
standing the other provisions of this rule, no records of Committee meetings or hearings which were closed to the public pursuant to the Rules of the House of Representatives shall be released to the public unless the Committee votes to release those records in accordance with the procedure used to close the Committee meeting. 
(e) Classified Materials.—All classified ma-
terials shall be maintained in an appro-priately secured location and shall be re-leased only to authorized persons for review, who shall not remove the material from the Committee offices without the written per-mission of the Chairman. 
(f) Committee Information Available for 
the Public.—In addition to any other re-quirement of these rules or the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman shall cause to be made available publicly in electronic form the following: 
(1) a record of the votes on any question on 
which a recorded vote is taken which shall be posted no later than 24 hours after the vote is taken that shall include: 
(i) a copy of the amendment or a detailed 
description of the motion, order or other proposition; and 
(ii) the name of each Member voting for 
and each Member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, the names of those Members voting present, and the names of any Member not present. 
(2) copies of all amendments adopted in 
Committee by voice vote or unanimous con-sent within 24 hours of the adoption of the amendment. 
(3) the rules of the Committee, once adopt-
ed, and any amendments thereto, in accord-ance with clause 2(a)(2) of House Rule XI. 
(4) the statements required under the sec-
ond sentence of clause 2(g)(5) of House Rule XI, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy of the witness, which shall be posted no later than one day after the wit-ness appears before the Committee. 
RULE 10 . COMMITTEE BUDGET AND EXPENSES  
(a) Budget.—At the beginning of each Con-
gress, after consultation with the Chairman of each Subcommittee and the Ranking Mi-nority Member, the Chairman shall present to the Committee for its approval a budget covering the funding required for staff, trav-el, and miscellaneous expenses. 
(b) Expense Resolution.—Upon approval by 
the Committee of each budget, the Chair-man, acting pursuant to clause 6 of House Rule X, shall prepare and introduce in the House a supporting expense resolution, and take all action necessary to bring about its approval by the Committee on House Admin-istration and by the House of Representa-tives. 
(c) Amendments.—The Chairman shall re-
port to the Committee any amendments to each expense resolution and any related changes in the budget. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.036 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H701 February 2, 2015 
(d) Additional Expenses.—Authorization 
for the payment of additional or unforeseen Committee expenses may be procured by one or more additional expense resolutions proc-essed in the same manner as set out under this rule. 
(e) Month Reports.—Copies of each month-
ly report, prepared by the Chairman for the Committee on House Administration, which shows expenditures made during the report-ing period and cumulative for the year, an-ticipated expenditures for the projected Committee program, and detailed informa-tion on travel, shall be available to each Member. 
RULE 11 . COMMITTEE STAFF  
(a) Rules and Policies.—Committee staff 
members are subject to the provisions of clause 9 of House Rule X, as well as any writ-ten personnel policies the Committee may from time to time adopt. 
(b) Majority and Nonpartisan Staff.—The 
Chairman shall appoint, determine the re-muneration of, and may remove, the legisla-tive and administrative employees of the Committee not assigned to the Minority. The legislative and administrative staff of the Committee not assigned to the Minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chairman, who shall estab-lish and assign the duties and responsibil-ities of these staff members and delegate any authority he determines appropriate. 
(c) Minority Staff.—The Ranking Minority 
Member of the Committee shall appoint, de-termine the remuneration of, and may re-move, the legislative and administrative staff assigned to the Minority within the budget approved for those purposes. The leg-islative and administrative staff assigned to the Minority shall be under the general su-pervision and direction of the Ranking Mi-nority Member of the Committee who may delegate any authority the Ranking Member determines appropriate. 
(d) Availability.—The skills and services of 
all Committee staff shall be available to all Members of the Committee. 
RULE 12 . COMMITTEE TRAVEL  
In addition to any written travel policies 
the Committee may from time to time adopt, all travel of Members and staff of the Committee or its Subcommittees, to hear-ings, meetings, conferences and investiga-tions, including all foreign travel, must be authorized by the Full Committee Chairman prior to any public notice of the travel and prior to the actual travel. In the case of Mi-nority staff, all travel shall first be approved by the Ranking Minority Member. Funds au-thorized for the Committee under clauses 6 and 7 of House Rule X are for expenses in-curred in the Committee’s activities within the United States. 
RULE 13 . CHANGES TO COMMITTEE RULES  
The rules of the Committee may be modi-
fied, amended, or repealed, by a majority vote of the Committee, provided that written notice of the proposed change has been pro-vided each Member of the Committee prior to the meeting date on which the changes are to be discussed and voted on consistent with Committee Rule 3(a). A change to the rules of the Committee shall be published in the Congressional Record no later than 30 days after its approval and made publicly available in electronic form. 
RULE 14 . OTHER PROCEDURES  
The Chairman may establish procedures 
and take actions as may be necessary to carry out the rules of the Committee or to facilitate the effective administration of the Committee, in accordance with the rules of the Committee and the Rules of the House of Representatives. ADJOURNMENT 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, February 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
273. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s Agency Financial Report for FY 2014; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
274. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s withdrawal of interim rule — Viral Hemor-rhagic Septicemia; Interstate Movement and Import Restrictions on Certain Live Fish [Docket No.: APHIS-2007-0038] (RIN: 0579- AC74) received January 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
275. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Sulfoxaflor; Pesticide Toler-ances for Emergency Exemptions [EPA-HQ- OPP-2014-0643; FRL-9920-45] received January 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
276. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD(AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Further Implementation of Trafficking in Persons Policy (DFARS Case 2013-D007) (RIN: 0750-AH93) received January 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
277. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Federal Awarding Agency Regulatory Implementation of Office of Management and Budget’s Uniform Administrative Re-quirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Re-quirements for Federal Awards (RIN: 1991- AB94) received January 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
278. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Extension of the Laboratory and Ana-lytical Use Exemption for Essential Class I Ozone-Depleting Substances [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2014-0621; FRL-9921-52-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS38) received January 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
279. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Promulgation of State Imple-mentation Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Requirements for the 1997 and 2006 PM2.5, 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, and 2010 NO2 National Ambient Air Quality Standards; South Da-kota [EPA-R08-OAR-2011-0725; FRL-9922-04- Region 8] received January 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 280. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Partial Exemption of Cer-tain Chemical Substances from Reporting Additional Chemical Data [EPA-HQ-OPPT- 2014-0809; FRL-9921-56] (RIN: 2070-AK01) re-ceived January 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
281. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Authority to New Mexico [EPA-R06-OAR- 2007-0488; FRL-9921-77-Region 6] received Jan-uary 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
282. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of California; Sacramento Metro Area; Attainment Plan for 1997 8-Hour Ozone Standard [EPA-R09- OAR-2014-0178; FRL-9921-99-Region 9] re-ceived January 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
283. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Montana; Revisions to Administrative Rules of Mon-tana — Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion [EPA-R08-OAR-2014-0713; FRL-9919-42- Region 8] received January 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
284. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s ninth annual report entitled ‘‘Assessment of Demand Response and Advanced Metering’’, pursuant to sec-tion 1252(e)(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
285. A letter from the Director, Bureau of 
Economic Analysis, Department of Com-merce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Direct Investment Surveys: BE-10, Benchmark Survey of U.S. Direct Invest-ment Abroad [Docket No.: 1206013202-4700-01] (RIN: 0691-AA83) received January 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
286. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641 (c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Libya that was declared in Executive Order 13566 of Feb-ruary 25, 2011; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
287. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the former Libe-rian regime of Charles Taylor that was de-clared in Executive Order 13348 of July 22, 2004; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
288. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.037 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H702 February 2, 2015 
six-month periodic report on the national 
emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
289. A letter from the Departmental Pri-
vacy Officer, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Privacy Act Regula-tions; Exemption for the Insider Threat Pro-gram [XXXD4523WT DWT000000.000000 DS65101000] (RIN: 1090-AB07) received Janu-ary 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
290. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Aban-doned Mine Land Reclamation Program; Limited Liability for Noncoal Reclamation by Certified States and Indian Tribes [Dock-et ID: OSM-2012-0010; S1D1S SS08011000 SX066A00067F 134S180110; S2D2S SS08011000 SX066A00 33F 13XS501520] received January 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
291. A letter from the Chief, Endangered 
Species Listing Branch, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Status for Gunnison Sage-grouse [Docket No.: FWS-R6-ES-2012- 0108; 4500030114] (RIN: 1018-AZ20) received January 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
292. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s inseason action rule — Atlantic Highly Mi-gratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fish-eries [Docket No.: 120328229-4949-02] (RIN: 0648-XD653) received January 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 50. A bill to provide for additional safeguards with re-spect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–11, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 527. A bill to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential im-pacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–12, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 70. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 596) to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 13). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII the 
Committees on the Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 50 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII the 
Committee on Small Business dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 527 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
PETERSON , Ms. B ASS, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY ): 
H.R. 634. A bill to allow travel between the 
United States and Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
SERRANO , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 635. A bill to facilitate the export of 
United States agricultural products to Cuba as authorized by the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000, to re-move impediments to the export to Cuba of medical devices and medicines, to allow travel to Cuba by United States legal resi-dents, to establish an agricultural export promotion program with respect to Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Agriculture, and Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. K
IND, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
SCHOCK , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. R EED, and Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri): 
H.R. 636. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend in-creased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. SCHOCK (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 637. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the rule allowing certain tax-free distributions from individual retirement accounts for charitable purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 638. A bill to prohibit the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency from re-couping certain assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. PITTS (for himself, Mr. P
AL-
LONE , and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 639. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with re-spect to registration of manufacturers and 
distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. 
D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): 
H.R. 640. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the tax rate for excise tax on investment income of private foundations; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. D ENT, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. K IND, Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
REED, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, and Mr. S ANFORD ): 
H.R. 641. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for contributions of qualified conservation contributions; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Ms. 
K
USTER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. R UIZ): 
H.R. 642. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the eligibility for beneficiary travel for veterans seeking treat-ment or care for military sexual trauma in specialized outpatient or residential pro-grams at facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and 
Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ): 
H.R. 643. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to enter into a contract with a non-government entity to conduct a survey of individuals who have used or are using their entitlement to educational as-sistance under the educational assistance programs administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 644. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for con-tributions of food inventory; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 645. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to pro-vide career education pathways in manufac-turing; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself and Mr. L
AR-
SONof Connecticut): 
H.R. 646. A bill to amend the Wild and Sce-
nic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02FE7.000 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H703 February 2, 2015 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. 
GENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 647. A bill to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. 
G
ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 648. A bill to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. 
L
OWENTHAL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
COHEN , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 649. A bill to authorize borrowers of 
loans under the William D. Ford Federal Di-rect Loan Program to modify the interest rate of such loans to be equal to the interest rate for such loans at the time of modifica-tion; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself, Ms. S
E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. B ARR, and Ms. 
SINEMA ): 
H.R. 650. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mort-gage; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. 
L
ANGEVIN ): 
H.R. 651. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice’’; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Government Reform. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself and Ms. 
H
AHN): 
H.R. 652. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reauthorize the State infra-structure bank program; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): 
H.R. 653. A bill to amend section 552 of title 
5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), to provide for greater public access to information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. JOLLY (for himself, Mr. B
UR-
GESS, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. N UGENT , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. G OHMERT , 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. G OWDY , and Mr. H AR-
RIS): 
H.R. 654. A bill to prohibit the modifica-
tion, termination, abandonment, or transfer of the lease by which the United States ac-quired the land and waters containing Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. 
B
ILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 655. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to reform the Federal Com-munications Commission by requiring an analysis of benefits and costs during the rule making process and creating certain pre-sumptions regarding regulatory forbearance and biennial regulatory review determina-tions; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. P
OE 
of Texas, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. 
O’ROURKE ): 
H.R. 656. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, with respect to disclosures to governments by communications-related service providers of certain information con-sisting of or relating to communications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 657. A bill to direct the United States 
Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for Glendale, New York; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. 
L
ANCE ): 
H.R. 658. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to Congress an an-nual report on the performance of the re-gional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. 
L
UCAS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. T HORN -
BERRY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. T IPTON , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE ): 
H.R. 659. A bill to reverse the Department 
of the Interior’s listing of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, to prevent further consideration of listing of such spe-cies as a threatened species or endangered species under that Act pending implementa-tion of the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies’ Lesser Prairie-Chicken Range-Wide Conservation Plan and other conservation measures, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER: 
H.R. 660. A bill to amend section 1105 of 
title 31, United States Code, to allow the President not to make an annual budget res-olution until all appropriations for the pre-ceding fiscal year are enacted; to the Com-mittee on the Budget. 
By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCLINTOCK , and Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND ): 
H.R. 661. A bill to terminate the Economic 
Development Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Ms. C
AS-
TOR of Florida, Mr. S ESSIONS , Ms. 
FOXX, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, Mr. R OSS, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. C OLE, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H.R. 662. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Administration’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manufacturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
W
ELCH ): 
H.R. 663. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to make permanent the extension of the Medicare-dependent hos-pital (MDH) program and the increased pay-ments under the Medicare low-volume hos-pital program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SANFORD (for himself, Mr. 
M
CGOVERN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 664. A bill to allow travel between the 
United States and Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Mr. P
ETERSON ): 
H.R. 665. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of the Tick-Borne Diseases Advisory Committee; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SCHIFF: 
H.J. Res. 27. A joint resolution to authorize 
the use of United States Armed Forces against the terrorist organization Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (‘‘ISIL’’); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. S
CHIFF , 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. S MITH 
of Washington): 
H. Res. 67. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of February 12, 2015, as ‘‘Dar-win Day’’ and recognizing the importance of science in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Mr. KLINE (for himself and Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia): 
H. Res. 68. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce in the One Hun-dred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H. Res. 69. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs in the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H. Res. 71. A resolution electing Members 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H. Res. 72. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Agri-culture in the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: 
H. Res. 73. A resolution recognizing the im-
portance of trade to the United States econ-omy and the importance of completing free trade agreements with Pacific Rim countries and the European Union; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. P
RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. H INO-
JOSA): 
H. Res. 74. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the week of February 2, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02FE7.100 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H704 February 2, 2015 
2015, through February 6, 2015, as National 
School Counseling Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself and Mr. 
D
EFAZIO): 
H. Res. 75. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure in the One Hun-dred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. UPTON: 
H. Res. 76. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 634. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To regulate Commerce with Foreign Na-
tions 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To regulate Commerce with Foreign Na-
tions 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 7 which provides that 
‘‘All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mr. SCHOCK: 
H.R. 637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 638. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill was introduced pursuant to pow-
ers granted to Congress under the General Welfare Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 1) and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Clause 18) 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 639. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which states 
that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to regu-late commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states . . .’’ 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 640. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 641. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 642. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 643. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. 
Article I, section 8 of the United State 
Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to pro-vide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 644. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 645. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. ESTY: 
H.R. 646. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 647. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause One ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay 
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause Three ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 648. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause One ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay 
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause Three ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 649. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 650. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article II, Section 8 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 651. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7. 
By Mr. HANNA: 
H.R. 652. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ISSA: 
H.R. 653. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in Gov-ernment of the United States or in any De-partment or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 654. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 655. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress 
shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 656. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 657. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 658. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. MULLIN: 
H.R. 659. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER: 
H.R. 660. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 661. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 662. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
Mr. REED: 
H.R. 663. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02FE7.100 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H705 February 2, 2015 
By Mr. SANFORD: 
H.R. 664. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, granting au-
thority to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, granting authority to make all laws that are necessary and proper for executing the fore-going powers. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 665. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill is based is Congress’s power under Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. SCHIFF: 
H.J. Res. 27. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 93: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 94: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 114: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 167: Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. 
HUNTER . 
H.R. 169: Mr. S IMPSON , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. 
POMPEO . 
H.R. 173: Mr. F ARENTHOLD and Mr. 
POLIQUIN . 
H.R. 183: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 197: Mr. D OLD, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington, and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 232: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 234: Mr. R OYCE and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 247: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. L EE, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
RUSH. 
H.R. 266: Ms. F OXX. 
H.R. 271: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 280: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 281: Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 284: Mrs. B LACK and Mrs. E LLMERS . 
H.R. 287: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 303: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 310: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
LATTA , and Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 333: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 361: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 381: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 402: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. G RAVES of Geor-
gia, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 403: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 408: Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ABLAN , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and 
Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 417: Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 446: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, 
H.R. 451: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H URT of Virginia, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 453: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mrs. 
HARTZLER . H.R. 465: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. 
LONG, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP  
of Utah, and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 478: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 483: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California. 
H.R. 486: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 519: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 523: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. N EAL, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. 
BROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 527: Mr. H ARDY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
KLINE and Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 529: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
AMODEI , and Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 540: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 544: Ms. M ENG, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
RANGEL . 
H.R. 546: Ms. M OORE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. W AGNER , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
HARPER , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. L AR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. 
FINCHER . 
H.R. 548: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 554: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 586: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 587: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
MCGOVERN . 
H.R. 590: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 592: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. J OYCE , 
Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 595: Mr. S CHOCK . 
H.R. 596: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mrs. 
MILLER of Michigan, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. S ALMON , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
BARR, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
THORNBERRY , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. T ROTT , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. W OMACK , Mrs. 
LOVE, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. B UCK, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
FLEMING , and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 598: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 606: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.R. 608: Mrs. B EATTY and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 615: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 622: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 623: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. S WALWELL  
of California. 
H.R. 629: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 630: Mr. R EED. 
H.J. Res. 23: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H. Res. 11: Mr. P ALMER . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM . H. Res. 28: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H. Res. 45: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H. Res. 49: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. L ANCE , and Ms. M ENG. 
H. Res. 50: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H. Res. 56: Mr. L ONG and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H. Res. 62: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Res. 66: Mr. L EWIS. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on the Judiciary in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. KLINE 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Education and the Work-force in H.R. 596 do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMRS. MILLER OF MICHIGAN  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on House Administration in H.R. 596, to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-re-lated provisions in the Health Care and Edu-cation Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes, do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. PRICE OF GEORGIA  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
H.R. 596, a bill to repeal the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes, referred to the Com-mittee on Appropriations, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI with respect to the provisions for which the bill was referred to the Committee. 
O
FFERED BYMR. RYAN OF WISCONSIN  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.042 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H706 February 2, 2015 
OFFERED BYMR. SESSIONS  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Rules in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-
fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. UPTON  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional 
earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.031 H02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S677 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2015 No. 17 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. We praise You, Lord, for You have 
rescued us. You refuse to permit our enemies to win. Help us to so live that the generations to come will know of Your mighty acts. 
Today, give our lawmakers the sin-
gularity of heart to seek, find, and fol-low Your will so that their legacy will be exemplary. Guide them in the path You have created, inspiring them with the potency of Your powerful presence. May they trust You in times of adver-sity and prosperity, knowing that they will reap a productive harvest if they persevere. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
CORKER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT 
AGREEMENT—H.R. 203 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pre-vious order with respect to H.R. 203 be modified so that the Senate proceed to the consideration of H.R. 203 at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, February 3, 2015, with all other provisions of the order being in effect. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-
tion of my colleagues, this moves the vote on the Clay Hunt suicide preven-tion bill to noon tomorrow. We are all doing this because of unforeseen weath-er events that have created travel problems for Senators on both sides of the aisle. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 5, H.R. 
240, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now be in a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WELCOMING BACK THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, let 
me say first that I want to welcome back our colleague, the minority lead-er. He has had a challenging month. We are happy to see him back here in the Senate. We wish him well in his recov-ery, which looks as if it is coming along nicely. 
Welcome back, I say on behalf of all 
of our colleagues to the Democratic leader. PRESIDENT OBAMA’S BUDGET AND 
CLAY HUNT SUICIDE PREVEN-TION FOR AMERICAN VETERANS ACT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
his State of the Union Address, Presi-dent Obama promised to deliver a budget filled with ‘‘ideas that are prac-tical, not partisan.’’ I know many Americans were glad to hear him say that. The American people elected a right-of-center Congress focused on jobs and reform, so it makes sense that a President would want to send com-monsense ideas that could pass the Congress that the people actually elected last November. 
He could have proposed a budget that 
was balanced. He could have challenged us with serious, innovative reforms aimed at getting spending under con-trol or effective ideas to create jobs and opportunity. There are so many positive things he could have done in-stead of phoning in another tired tax- and-spend manifesto. We basically see the same thing every year. It focuses on growing the bureaucracy instead of opportunity. It does not balance ever. Because it isn’t designed to pass Con-gress, of course it doesn’t pass Con-gress. 
The budget is just one symptom of a 
wider disconnect. Rhetorically, at least, we hear the White House echo Republican calls for policies aimed at helping the middle class, but then we see the White House push more of the same stale, top-down policies favored by political bosses over on the left. As Americans who have lost health plans or who are seeing health costs sky-rocket could tell you, the left’s prior-ities often hurt the very people they purport to help. 
This is the wrong approach. We need 
fresh ideas. Republicans want the President to join us in fighting for the middle class, so we think he should take opportunities such as the budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.000 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S678 February 2, 2015 
to actually rally Members of both par-
ties behind serious ideas that can actu-ally pass. We think the country could really benefit from his positive leader-ship. 
His next test will come soon as the 
new Congress works to develop the kind of budget the American people de-serve. We are going to focus on growing the economy from the ground up, with more future-oriented reform, more jobs, more opportunity. We are going to pursue ideas that make government leaner, more efficient, and more effec-tive. We are going to honor the hard- working men and women who count on us to spend their dollars wisely, not offload Washington’s problems onto them with higher taxes. That is what the American people expect. It is the kind of practical agenda you pursue if you are serious about helping the mid-dle class. It is what I hope the Presi-dent will now encourage Members of both parties to work toward. 
The truth is, there is a lot we can 
achieve with constructive, bipartisan cooperation. The bill we will vote on tomorrow is a great example of that. Members in both parties agree it is time to pursue positive reform for vet-erans who are hurting. The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Vet-erans Act aims to reduce the tragedy that befalls too many of our heroes and the heartbreak that befalls too many of their families. We lose thousands of veterans every year to suicide. Now is the time for practical, bipartisan ac-tion to do something about it. 
The legislation we will vote on to-
morrow will provide more of the sui-cide prevention and mental health sup-port our veterans deserve. It will help veterans transition from Active-Duty service. It will take steps to improve the effectiveness of programs to help heroes in need. 
This bill has already passed the 
House unanimously. I hope we can achieve a similar result in the Senate and send this bipartisan legislation to the White House for signature. 
Before I finish, I would like to thank 
both the senior Senator from Georgia, Mr. I
SAKSON , and the senior Senator 
from Arizona, Mr. M CCAIN, for their 
tireless work on this bill. These Sen-ators care deeply about the men and women who give everything—literally everything—to protect us. Veterans are lucky to have such strong champions on their side. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
THE PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
EXPRESSING MY APPRECIATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, it is really 
good to be back. I appreciate the kind remarks of the Republican leader. Sen-ator M
CCONNELL and his lovely wife 
Elaine have been very good to Landra and me over the years. We appreciate their words of support. I want to express my appreciation to 
my colleagues who have been so kind and thoughtful during my recovery time. The Presiding Officer—I received your phone call. That was very warm. I very much appreciate it. 
f 
WORKING FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, as Sen-
ators, our work is measured by what we are able to accomplish for the mid-dle class, what we are able to accom-plish for the American people. I have watched very closely and been in touch, as we all know, having read all the stories, of what has gone on here in the last month. I am sorry to say that we spent 1 month on a bill calling for the importation of oil from a foreign country and then exporting that oil outside of America. I am glad we were able to work it out so that we had a number of amendments. That was real-ly good. We felt very comfortable with that. I wish we could have done some more, but I am satisfied with what we were able to do. Of course now we await the action of the President, as we should be doing. 
The work of this Senate is based 
upon—should be based upon—what we are able to do for the middle class. We are a constructive minority, and we proved that the last month. To show how constructive we are, take for ex-ample TRIA, terrorism insurance. It is so important up and down the Las Vegas Strip, Times Square, everyplace in America. That is important to the business community. Yet that was held up in the last Congress by my Repub-lican colleagues. To show our good faith, we were able to pass that in a matter of hours. That is the way it should be. 
We are going to vote tomorrow on 
the Clay Hunt bill. That is an impor-tant piece of legislation. I have worked hard on suicide prevention. We need to keep working on it. Each year in Amer-ica 32,000 Americans kill themselves. That does not take into consideration the car accidents that are not reported properly, hunting accidents. We have about 24 veterans who kill themselves every day in America. We believe that is important for America, and because of that, we are going to pass that in a matter of hours tomorrow. That is the way it should be. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, there is an 
issue that is now before this body. It is an important issue. All we need to look at is what is going on around the world—terrorism attack in Australia; terrorism attack in Canada; in France, scores of people killed. We saw what happened in Belgium. Terrorism is for real. Senator M
CCASKILL said it about 
the best way I have seen it described. The Republicans are more afraid of the DREAMers than they are of ISIS. By the way, ISIS said they are coming our way. Why should we be dealing with 
issues that have nothing to do with homeland security? 
We should pass a homeland security 
bill with no strings attached to it. That is where we are going to wind up. If the Republican majority in the House and the Senate wants to have a CR for Homeland Security—a con-tinuing resolution—that would cut about $1 billion out of the budget for Homeland Security. 
Homeland Security was developed 
after 9/11. It was a bipartisan piece of legislation that consolidated 22 dif-ferent government agencies. We need to get that done and sent to the Presi-dent in a clean fashion. If my Repub-lican colleagues have some problem with something the President has done on immigration, for example, hit it head-on. Do not hide behind Homeland Security. We need a safe homeland. I hope my Republican colleagues will join us to get that done as quickly as possible. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
The Senator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, what is 
the order of business on the floor of the Senate at this moment? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is in morning business. 
f 
WELCOMING BACK THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, first I 
wish to welcome back my colleague and friend, the minority leader of the Senate, Senator H
ARRY REID. I was told 
he was coming back. I found a way to avoid a blizzard in Chicago to be here with him because I wanted to be here for this moment. 
It is a great moment for those of us 
on the Democratic side of the aisle to have him back. I know it means a lot to him. We have been on the phone. I know he has gone through a lot in terms of his injury and also his impa-tience at home when for a period of time he could not read a book, which he loves to do, watch television, or do much of anything. I know he was anx-ious to get back in the saddle and back here, and we are so glad he has re-turned. 
His message at the outset shows he 
may be scarred and beaten up, but there is no diminution of the fighting spirit that H
ARRY REIDhas brought to 
the Senate floor on so many occasions with his opening remarks, reminding us we are going to embark this week on a question about the funding of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, of all 
things, the Department of Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.003 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S679 February 2, 2015 
Security, created to protect America 
from terrorism, is a Department that is underfunded by Republican design. The Republicans refuse to give the regular budget appropriation to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to protest President Obama’s Executive order on immigration. The House of Representa-tives went so far as to add five riders— conditions—to the budget for the De-partment of Homeland Security and send them here. They have said they will not fund this Department unless we join them in what has become an extremely negative and, I believe, hate-filled attack on people across America. 
Saturday we had a rally in Chicago, 
and at that rally was Secretary Jeh Johnson of the Department of Home-land Security. Joining us were Con-gressman L
UISGUTIE´RREZ of Chicago, 
the mayor of Chicago, and literally hundreds of people, many of them DREAMers—young people who are now, because of President Obama’s Ex-ecutive order, allowed to go to school and work in America. 
Remember, these were children—tod-
dlers, infants—brought to America by their families, who are undocumented through no fault of their own. They have lived in America, they have been educated in America, they have pledged allegiance to our flag in their classrooms, and they have no future because we have not changed the immi-gration law to give them a chance. But President Obama has given them a chance. DACA is a program where, when these young people sign up for it, they can be protected to live in Amer-ica without fear of deportation—to work here, to go to school here, and to start to realize their dreams. They even want to volunteer for our mili-tary. Many of them do. They are trying their best to be part of America’s fu-ture, and the President gave them that chance. 
The House of Representatives—the 
Republican majority—said: We will not fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity to protect America against ter-rorism unless the Senate will vote to literally deport the DREAMers. 
At a time, as Senator R
EIDsaid, 
when we are threatened with ISIS, when we are sickened by the images on television of innocent people—includ-ing Americans—being beheaded, at that same time the Republicans on Capitol Hill are telling us: We are not going to properly fund the Department of Homeland Security to protect Amer-ica unless we can protest what Presi-dent Obama has done for 600,000 young people protected by DACA. 
Senator R
EIDquoted Senator M CCAS-
KILL, who spoke up at one of our meet-
ings the other day, who said: Appar-ently the Republicans fear the DREAMers more than they fear the terrorists, more than they fear ISIS. 
That is wrong. I do not know who 
cooked up this political strategy. They were not thinking clearly. If they were thinking clearly, we would fund that Department with a clean appropria-
tion—one that is now sitting on the calendar of the Senate that was offered by Senators J
EANNE SHAHEEN and B AR-
BARA MIKULSKI . It is sitting here. By 
unanimous consent, with the approval of the majority leader, we could pass it today, fund this agency. 
I asked Secretary Johnson: Well, 
what difference does it make if you get a temporary funding bill or a regular budget bill? 
He said: I can’t properly run this De-
partment. I am wasting time and money. I am not investing in things that make us safer because of the way Congress—in this case, the House Re-publicans—insists that they will not properly fund this agency. 
It funded every other agency of gov-
ernment except for the Department of Homeland Security. What are they thinking? Why would they want to make an object lesson out of this crit-ical Department? 
I said to Secretary Johnson: So what 
types of things can’t you do? 
He gave one example. He said: We 
give grants for research to find ways to make America safer when we are at-tacked. We can’t give those grants now because we are under a continuing res-olution. 
Research to make America safe has 
stopped. Is that a wise thing for the new Republican majority in the House and Senate to do? Clearly, that is their plan. But we are going to give them an alternative and very quickly. Tomor-row we are going to consider a proce-dural motion about whether we go to this House bill, which has the five rid-ers on immigration. I believe the Democrats will say: No, we want a clean bill, and we want to move to that bill quickly. 
And we need to do it not just because 
we need to keep America safe—isn’t that our first obligation?—but secondly because I do not believe our caucus— and I hope not a majority of the other caucus—has the same hate-filled feel-ings toward DREAMers that we have seen in the House of Representatives. 
Mr. President, 600,000 of them have 
stepped forward. I have come to the floor day after day to tell their stories. They are the most amazing stories of young people who, with no help from the government, finished college and pursued professional degrees, without a penny of assistance from our govern-ment, whose only dream is to be part of the future of America. They are our fu-ture. They will help our economy. They will reduce our deficit. They will once again reestablish and reaffirm the American dream that people can risk everything to come to this country to make sure their children have a better life. These DREAMers deserve that chance. America deserves the chance to be properly secure in this age of ter-rorism. This Republican strategy is not going to achieve that. 
I thank my colleague. Mr. REID. Will my friend yield for a 
question? Mr. DURBIN. I will be happy to yield 
for a question. 
Mr. REID. My friend is modest, my 
friend the senior Senator from Illinois. But tell those within the sound of our voices how long you have worked on the DREAM Act—you. 
Mr. DURBIN. I thank the Senator 
from Nevada, our minority leader. Fourteen years ago I introduced the DREAM Act, and I got into a spat with a Republican Senator, Mr. H
ATCH , who 
said: That is my idea. 
I said: Fine. Then it will be the 
Hatch-Durbin DREAM Act. 
And we introduced it 14 years ago, 
and it has not been enacted into law. Senator H
ATCH now has some mis-
givings over this issue, but I have stuck with it for 14 years. And the ma-jority leader joined me in sending a letter to President Obama asking that he create this Executive order of pro-tection. 
I would like to say a word about Ex-
ecutive orders. Republicans come to the floor and suggest that when a President of the United States issues an Executive order, it is an unconstitu-tional exercise of power. You hear it over and over again. 
If you step out of this Chamber and 
take just a few steps toward the stair-case, you will see this magnificent, his-toric painting of Abraham Lincoln signing the Emancipation Proclama-tion. It is historic because, with the signature of President Lincoln, 3 mil-lion American slaves were freed—an Executive order. And it was an order which had the force of law. It was signed by President Lincoln—an Execu-tive order. 
It was not the only one. You think 
back in history to the historic Execu-tive orders, and you have to think of Harry Truman. After World War II Harry Truman stepped up and said: We are going to integrate the Armed Forces of the United States of Amer-ica, and I will not wait for Congress. Give me the pen and paper to sign the Executive order to achieve it. 
So if President Lincoln can liberate 3 
million American slaves, if President Truman can sign an Executive order integrating the Armed Forces, how can the Republicans come to the floor, one after the other, and say the use of an Executive order by the President is un-constitutional and want to hold Presi-dent Obama accountable for their mis-guided thinking? It does not make sense. 
I might just say—and I thought per-
haps the Senator from Nevada was going to say it as well—if none of the Republicans like what President Obama has done on immigration, can I remind them they are now in majority control of the House and the Senate? If they think it is better to have a law enacted—despite the fact that for 2 years the House of Representatives re-fused to even call the bipartisan com-prehensive immigration reform—if they think it is proper and right for a law to be enacted on immigration, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.005 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S680 February 2, 2015 
American people have given them the 
majorities in both Houses to do it. 
So instead of cursing the darkness 
and failing to fund the Department of Homeland Security, why don’t they roll up their sleeves and go to work as Members of the House and Senate and pass immigration reform? I think that is worthy of this great body and the one across the rotunda. But to underfund the Department of Home-land Security that protects us from terrorism? What are they thinking? 
I thank the Senator from Nevada for 
returning. It feels great to have you back in your capacity here as our lead-er on the Democratic side and as my friend. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Georgia. 
f 
WELCOMING BACK SENATOR REID 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I would 
like to add that we are glad to have Senator R
EIDback. I know he has had 
a difficult time the last few weeks, and we are proud he is back on his feet. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to be recognized to address the Clay Hunt suicide prevention bill, fol-lowed by Senator B
LUMENTHAL from 
Connecticut. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLAY HUNT SUICIDE PREVENTION 
FOR AMERICAN VETERANS ACT 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I want 
to give you a stark fact and figure. Every year 8,000 American veterans take their own lives and commit sui-cide. That is more people, more vet-erans than were killed in all the con-flicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
We have a major epidemic in Amer-
ica’s Armed Forces because of soft tis-sue issues of PTSD and TBI. This Con-gress, both Committees on Veterans’ Affairs—in the House and Senate—have acted, and tomorrow this Senate will vote on the Clay Hunt suicide preven-tion bill. I want to talk about it for a few minutes because it is critically im-portant. 
When these men and women go over-
seas and volunteer to serve America and lay their lives on the line for us, many come back with terrible injuries, prosthesis, an inability to walk, some in wheelchairs. But the stealth disease, the one that hurts the most, the one that permeates the most, is PTSD and TBI. We have been doing as much as we could but not enough within veterans health care. 
Secretary McDonald has committed 
himself to improving the services of mental health to our veterans. I have committed myself. Senator B
LUMENTHAL has committed himself. 
Senator B OOZMAN from Arkansas, Sen-
ator M CCAINfrom Arizona, who will 
speak later—all are committed to see to it that we have a better program for our veterans. What the Clay Hunt suicide preven-
tion bill does is create incentives for more psychiatric professionals to come into the VA health care system be-cause psychiatry is the best physician expertise you need to deal with PTSD and TBI. But it also has external au-dits of the VA to make sure they are doing what needs to take place in terms of veterans health care and in terms of mental health for our vet-erans. 
The tragedies are daily, the tragedies 
are compounding, and we must find an end to it. A lot of people think these tragedies are with veterans of the gulf war, our Operation Iraqi Freedom, or our battle in Afghanistan. But, quite frankly, a lot of them are our Vietnam veterans. We looked the other way and did not recognize PTSD and TBI for a long time, but now we have recognized it front and center, and it is the major injury from the battles in Afghanistan, Iraq, and other conflicts in the history of the United States of America. We owe it to our veterans to have the best mental health available to them. 
In my hometown of Atlanta, on Au-
gust 21, 2013, I called a field hearing at Georgia State University and brought in all the VA experts on suicide preven-tion because, quite frankly, we had had three suicides in the Atlanta VA with-in a very short period of time that got high-profile headlines in our news-paper. 
As it turned out, we found that we 
really did not have the followup, the follow-through, and the continuum of care that mental health needs and de-serves, and we had some veterans who had fallen through the cracks—not just in Atlanta but around the United States of America. In fact, as recently as last week there was a tragic death in Atlanta. We do not know yet the root cause of it, but we know the indi-vidual may have had mental health problems and was a veteran of the war in Afghanistan and took their life and the life of their children. We do not know whether PTSD or TBI was the contributing cause or whether we had done anything wrong in terms of vet-erans health care. But we know this: Four more lives were taken from the stealth disease called tragic brain in-jury, post-traumatic stress disorder. 
So I am very pleased as the chairman 
of the Veterans Affairs’ Committee to tell you that the House unanimously passed this bill 3 weeks ago on the floor of the House, the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee unanimously passed it 2 weeks ago in committee, and the bill we will vote on tomorrow can go di-rectly from the floor of the Senate to the desk of the President of the United States and be signed. 
Very quickly, I want to make two 
points for anybody who is listening that remembers last year. This bill failed last year. It failed for two rea-sons: 
One, Members questioned whether we 
could afford it because it had a price tag of $24 million. We have fixed the price problem by taking internally 
generated funds of the VA to pay the $24 million. That is done. 
Secondly, some said: Well, this is a 
duplicative service. We already have mental health services and suicide pre-vention at the VA. 
We have some, and we do not have 
enough. It is not duplicative. It is abso-lutely necessary and essential that we do what we are doing. 
Mr. President, I am proud to come to 
the floor of the Senate on behalf of all of our veterans and tell them: Wash-ington is watching. We are listening. We feel your pain. We understand the problems you have. And we are going to do everything we can to see to it that the Clay Hunt suicide prevention bill becomes the law of the land, that the VA is held accountable for its poli-cies and procedure in mental health, and that we put an end and stem the tide of the tragic number of veteran suicides that take place every single day. 
I would like to now yield to my rank-
ing member on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the Senator from Con-necticut, who has done an overwhelm-ingly great job to see this through from beginning to end, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
begin by thanking the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Senator I
SAKSON , and really giving him im-
measurable credit for his courage and his fortitude in addressing this bill that he could have allowed to languish on the agenda of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. In fact, he made it the very first agenda item—the very first issue—that we would confront on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee at our very first meeting, and it passed unani-mously through the Veterans’ Affairs Committee because of his leadership— and I really mean his leadership in making it happen. 
So on behalf of the veterans of Amer-
ica, he deserves due credit, and so do my colleagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Senator B
OOZMAN and Sen-
ator S ANDERS , who championed this 
bill, along with Senator B URR. 
During the last session I was pleased 
to argue for it on the floor in the clos-ing days of the session, and unfortu-nately it failed to pass. 
There is no reason to look back and 
try to blame others for that failure. What is important is to look forward and to give credit to both sides of the aisle—most especially to my colleague, Senator M
CCAIN, who, of course, dwarfs 
us in his service to our Nation in the Armed Forces. He literally is a giant in his service and sacrifice for our Nation while serving in the Navy. I have felt very privileged and proud to work with him and to introduce this measure, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act or the Clay Hunt SAV Act, as it is called, that ba-sically provides for suicide prevention 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.006 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S681 February 2, 2015 
services and, even more importantly, 
pioneers and champions mental health care for our VA. 
I thank all of our colleagues who 
have worked on this bill over the past year or so because this measure gives us a tremendous opportunity to set a direction for the VA and for the Sen-ate. If I may be so bold and perhaps presumptuous, I say this measure is truly bipartisan. It provides a template for bipartisan action to help our vet-erans, our military men and women who serve now, and to set a real lodestar for action by this body. 
Very fittingly, we are on the floor 
when the Democratic leader, Senator R
EIDhas returned. I am tremendously 
heartened by his presence here and by the President’s budget today, which provides a proposed increase in health care spending and, most especially, mental health care spending, to $7.4 billion from last year’s expenditure of $6.7 billion. It is significant, again, in the context of a bipartisan approach to this issue. 
This legislation is named for Clay 
Hunt, a marine, a patriot, a veteran who served bravely in Iraq. His mom, Susan Selke, is a real hero. She came before the Veterans’ Affairs Committee during the last session. 
Her testimony was not only as a pa-
triot and an advocate of veterans but as a family member. There have been too many family members forced to grieve the loss of their loved ones who have succumbed to suicide, as did Clay Hunt in March of 2011, after struggling valiantly and courageously with post- traumatic stress and the inadequate care of his local VA hospital. 
Far too many of Clay Hunt’s fellow 
veterans, 22 per day, have succumbed to suicide, including a friend of mine, Justin Eldridge of southeastern Con-necticut. 
Justin braved mortar fire and sniper 
attacks in Afghanistan to return to southeastern Connecticut and to his family, his children, and his wife Jo-anna. Suffering from post-traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress, tragically, like so many others, Justin slipped through the cracks of his local VA facility and eventually succumbed in his fight against those inner demons and invisible wounds when he took his own life. As brave as Justin Eldridge was on the battlefield, he could not win that war at home. 
How Justin and Clay fell into that 
black hole of depression and despair I certainly will never understand, but we grieve for them and we hope that their example of courage will inspire us to face this issue. 
All too often, the response to sui-
cide—whether it is among veterans or others—is denial. It is to turn away, to look in the other direction because sometimes it is too painful or there is stigma or shame in mental health needs. 
We can conquer that stigma and 
shame. To its credit the military is doing more every day. The VA has raised awareness and is increasing its 
commitment. 
This bill is a tremendous opportunity 
for the VA to be a pioneer and cham-pion in mental health care, just as it has been in other areas of health care, such as amputee rehabilitation, pros-thetics, and traumatic brain injury. 
This bill is a downpayment. It is the 
beginning—not the end—of our com-mitment and our solutions to prob-lems. It is a worthwhile measure to take limited, targeted steps—less than we must eventually do—to keep faith with our veterans and their mental health needs. 
I hope the committee and this Con-
gress will continue in this great, bipar-tisan spirit. 
I look forward to a continuing part-
nership with my friend Senator I
SAK-
SON, who is such a leader in this area, 
as we work on these issues and seek to make progress as quickly as possible. As we do so—remember all of our ef-forts from all of the years of conflict and war in this country—Senator I
SAK-
SONis absolutely right that post-trau-
matic stress and mental health needs are hardly limited to the veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan. 
I have worked hard to help veterans 
of the Vietnam and Korea eras. In fact, I successfully championed the needs of our veterans of earlier eras when they have been burdened by less-than-honor-able discharge resulting from post- traumatic stress, from an era when post-traumatic stress was nonexistent as a diagnosis. 
Post-traumatic stress was unknown 
for our Vietnam and Korea veterans. It was not unknown as a condition. It was not nonexistent. It was simply un-known has a diagnosis. It was not called post-traumatic stress. It may have been called shell shock or battle fatigue. But the horror, the night-mares, the cold sweats, the headaches, and the crippling mental issues have plagued many of our veterans over many eras and many wars. 
Today we take a step to recognize 
this Nation’s obligation to Justin Eldridge, to Clay Hunt, to all of our veterans and to Joanna Eldridge, Susan Selke, and to the countless fam-ily members who have struggled and borne that burden side by side when their heroes have awakened at night with the nightmares and the battles they continue to fight against post- traumatic stress, the invisible wounds, and the inner demons that have come back with them from their service. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, on 
March 21, 2010, Deborah Johnson of Sherwood, AR, answered a call no par-
ent should ever receive. Her son, 23- year-old Army Private Jeremy Andrew Johnson, was dead from a drug over-dose. 
Private Johnson was diagnosed with 
post-traumatic stress disorder after his deployment to Afghanistan. Deborah said she thought he was getting the proper care he needed during the tran-sition out of the military, but when she received a goodbye text from him, she knew he needed more help. 
The family made his commanders 
aware of his suicidal thoughts and Pri-vate Johnson was put on suicide watch. Three days later Deborah answered that horrible call. 
Deborah shared her family’s story 
with me in hopes that other families can be spared the anguish of losing a loved one to mental illness. 
Deborah understands Congress has an 
opportunity to deliver help to veterans living with mental illness and prevent suicides by passing the Clay Hunt Sui-cide Prevention for American Veterans Act. This legislation would improve mental health care and suicide preven-tion resources for veterans by increas-ing access to mental health programs, providing incentives to recruit and re-tain psychiatrists to treat veterans and enhancing resources for members of the military transitioning to civilian life. 
The VA estimates 22 veterans com-
mit suicide every day. This trend is tragic and it is unacceptable. We need to provide the VA with the personnel, services, and proper tools to help vet-erans facing mental illness struggles. These invisible injuries are why we struggle to identify at-risk individuals. 
As a member of the Senate Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, my col-leagues and I are working to fully un-derstand the scope of mental illness in our veteran community. In the mean-time, we are paving the way for im-provements. 
Two weeks ago the Veterans’ Affairs 
Committee met for its first order of business in the 114th Congress—approv-ing the Clay Hunt SAV Act. I am proud to say the committee approved this bill with a bipartisan vote of 15 to 0. Our veterans deserve this care. 
The VA needs to evaluate its mental 
health programs using metrics com-mon to mental health practitioners to determine the success of its programs. This legislation will do that. It will help the VA more efficiently use the taxpayer funding it receives to support the programs most effective for our veterans. 
The House approved this bill in Janu-
ary and I am confident the Senate will follow its lead. Deborah Johnson says she wishes Congress would have taken up legislation to improve mental health services years ago. As the Presi-dent of the Arkansas chapter of Gold Star Mothers, Deborah hears similar-ities from other families who have suf-fered a loss because of suicide. She ad-mits that a one-size-fits-all approach 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.007 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S682 February 2, 2015 
will not adequately address mental 
health struggles, but she is hopeful the Clay Hunt SAV Act will help prevent other families from suffering the pain hers lives with. 
We owe it to Deborah and others like 
her who have lost loved ones to this battle, as well as servicemembers and veterans coping with mental health issues, to make this one of the first bills the 114th Congress sends to Presi-dent Obama to sign. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor in strong support of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act. 
Our men and women in uniform serve 
our country with honor and courage. They put themselves in harm’s way day in and day out to protect us. I have a special appreciation for how much servicemembers and their families con-tribute to our country, and how impor-tant it is that we honor their service. All three of my brothers served in the military, and my oldest brother was career military. He flew 288 combat missions in Vietnam. 
When you grow up in a family with 
someone in the military, you know how lucky you are to see them come home safely. But that doesn’t mean the sacred trust with our servicemembers ends the moment they step off a plane. 
We owe our servicemembers the very best, and that means ensuring they al-ways have access to high-quality serv-ices and care, including mental health care. 
The Clay Hunt SAV Act, introduced 
in the Senate by Senators J
OHN 
MCCAIN and R ICHARD BLUMENTHAL , 
would strengthen critical mental health care services and suicide pre-vention resources for our country’s veterans. We have heard the deeply troubling statistics. The VA has re-ported that 22 veterans die each day from suicide. Data collected in the BackHome project shows that while 10 percent of Americans served in the military, veterans make up 20 percent of all suicides in the United States. These statistics tell us something is deeply wrong and that we need to make significant changes. 
The SAV act calls for an evaluation 
of the mental health services and sui-cide prevention efforts of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and Depart-ment of Defense, and launches a pilot program to provide education loan re-payment for psychiatrists who work at the VA. It also helps build stronger partnerships between the VA and non-profit organizations working with vet-erans in our communities. 
The SAV act is named for Clay Hunt, 
a marine veteran from Texas who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and was 
a strong advocate for improved services for his fellow veterans. He struggled with post-traumatic stress, and when he was unable to access the care he needed from the VA, he took his own life. 
As Clay’s mother Susan Selke said in 
her testimony at the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee hearing last sum-mer: 
Not one more veteran should have to go 
through what Clay went through with the VA after returning home from the war. Not one more parent should have to testify be-fore a congressional committee to compel the VA to fulfill its responsibilities to those who served and sacrificed. 
She went on to say: 
The reforms, evaluations, and programs di-
rected by this legislation will be critical to helping the VA better serve and treat vet-erans suffering from mental injuries from war. Had the VA been doing these things all along, it very well may have saved Clay’s life. 
I am proud Massachusetts has taken 
steps at the State level to help improve suicide prevention resources for vet-erans, such as establishing the State-wide Advocacy for Veterans’ Empower-ment Program, or SAVE. 
The SAVE team is comprised of vet-
erans who work directly in the commu-nity to connect veterans and their fam-ilies to services provided by the Com-monwealth and by nonprofits. I have also visited several outstanding com-munity organizations in Massachu-setts, such as Veterans Inc. in Worces-ter, Soldier On in Pittsfield, and the New England Center for Homeless Vet-erans in Boston, that work tirelessly to help servicemembers access the full range of services they need and de-serve, from housing and education to health care. 
In August, I met with veterans in 
Framingham, MA, at a mobile vet cen-ter. One of the veterans I heard from was Army MAJ Justin Fitch, who was working at the Natick Soldier Re-search Development and Engineering Center. Justin, who is battling ter-minal cancer and has had his own struggles with depression, is retiring from the Army just this week, but he is still a powerful and relentless voice fighting to improve care and prevent suicide among veterans fighting de-pression and psychological stress after returning home from war. 
Justin told me: 
Too many veterans are suffering in silence. 
Twenty-two a day is a lot. One is too many. 
Justin is right. Our armed service 
men and women are tough, smart, and courageous. They make huge sacrifices to keep our families safe, and we owe them all a true debt of gratitude for their service. But gratitude isn’t enough. We must do more to protect our men and women in uniform who de-vote their lives to the service of our country. 
It is clear that Congress has more 
work to do to bolster our Nation’s com-mitment to supporting veterans and providing the mental health care serv-
ices they deserve. The Clay Hunt SAV Act is an important part of this effort. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to pass this legislation in the Senate. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am here now for the 88th time to urge this body to wake up to the looming threat of climate change. 
In the last few weeks, my Republican 
colleagues have talked about climate change here on the floor more than at any other time since I began giving these weekly speeches. We had heard next to nothing from Republicans about climate change since the 2010 Citizens United decision. That decision let loose the fossil fuel industry to cast an ever darker shadow of intimidation 
across this town. So this minor out-break of dialogue, although minor, has been significant. 
All but one of my Republican col-
leagues is now on the record saying they agree that climate change is real, and 15 voted that it is caused at least in some part by humans. That is some progress. Yet some still persist in their denial. Our scientists now tell us that warming of the climate system is ‘‘un-equivocal.’’ Yet we equivocate. Sci-entists are a careful bunch. When they say something is unequivocal, we ought to take note. 
The senior Senator from Oklahoma, 
our chairman of the Environmental and Public Works Committee, however, maintains that human-caused climate change is a hoax. He thinks it is arro-gant to say that humans could cause the climate to change. What is really arrogant is thinking we can ignore the laws of nature, the laws of physics, the laws of chemistry, the laws of biology. Whose laws do we think those are? Those laws were given to us by our Cre-ator. They came with this world. They are immutable. 
These laws of nature dictate that 
carbon dioxide is the byproduct of our burning of fossil fuels. These laws of nature, fresh from the hands of our Creator, explain why carbon traps heat in our atmosphere—something we have known since Abraham Lincoln was riding around this town in his top hat. 
Here in the Senate, we have no 
human power to amend or repeal those laws—and here in the Senate, we shouldn’t cherry-pick from the sci-entific record. That is not fair play. Here on the floor, the EPW chairman paraphrased a 2013 paper from the jour-nal Nature, saying: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.008 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S683 February 2, 2015 
. . . there is considerable uncertainty as to 
whether [increases in extreme climate varia-bility] is occurring. 
The author of the paper, Dr. Chris 
Huntingford of the UK’s National Envi-ronmental Research Council, took ex-ception to his paper being mischaracterized. He said this: 
Our Nature paper strictly analyzes only 
year-to-year variability (fluctuations) in temperature. . . . We do not at any point offer evidence against a general on-going background and upwards warming trend. De-tection and attribution statistical studies show that the observed average increasing temperatures are almost certainly a con-sequence of the burning of fossil fuels. 
In that same floor speech, my col-
league from Oklahoma suggested we could relax about climate change be-cause the Munich Reinsurance Com-pany said weather-related disaster losses have declined as a proportion of GDP worldwide. He neglected to men-tion testimony before our EPW Com-mittee last July by Munich Re’s head of risk accumulation in the United States, Carl Hedde, to wit: 
Due to our history of insuring natural ca-
tastrophe, Munich Re was one of the first companies in the industry to recognize the impact that weather-related events and a changing climate could have on its business model and customers. As a nation, we need to take steps to reduce the societal impact of weather events as we see greater variability and volatility in our climate. 
The senior Senator from Oklahoma 
has even resurrected the ghost of Climategate, that faux scandal whipped up a few years ago by the polluters and their allies to suggest climate sci-entists were colluding to exaggerate global warming data. Turned out it was the cooked-up, phony scandal that was exaggerated and not the data. So-called ClimateGate should actually be accu-rately called ClimateGate-Gate. Yet years later this zombie falsehood still staggers about the floor of the Senate attempting to cast doubt on human- caused climate change. The polluters have relentlessly made it their busi-ness to misconstrue the findings of sci-entific works and to cling to discred-ited accusations. 
We would do well to listen to the 
overwhelming majority of practicing, publishing climate scientists who agree our carbon pollution is altering the cli-mate. Scientists who conduct experi-ments, who examine data, who arrive at conclusions, who submit their work through peer review, and who make their data accessible for due diligence by other researchers. It is the best science out there. 
But I am afraid those scientists don’t 
have the ear of the senior Senator from Oklahoma. He showed us whom he lis-tens to. He brought a chart to the floor showing several dozen ‘‘recognized’’ scientists—as he called them—who don’t buy the climate consensus. That chart was produced by an outfit called the Heartland Institute. You may re-member them for associating climate scientists with the Unabomber—a classy group. Their scientists, so-called, included 
bloggers, columnists, staff of conserv-ative think tanks, a member of the Eu-ropean Parliament, and many sci-entists who have been funded by the fossil fuel industry. 
I will side with the scientists affili-
ated with the American Association for the Advancement of Science over a bunch of carefully selected bloggers. I will trust NASA and NOAA over sci-entists who shill for the fossil fuel in-dustry. The Heartland Institute is not alone. It is part of a sophisticated net-work of climate denial propped up by the carbon-polluting fossil fuel indus-try. It is a front group fueled by the special interests and their dubious ex-perts. 
Interestingly, if we go to Oklahoma 
State University, we will find one of the experts on this. Dr. Riley Dunlap at Oklahoma State could tell his Senator all about it. Professor Dunlap is one of the preeminent researchers into the de-liberate and coordinated effort by cor-porate interests to spread denial propa-ganda and distort public opinion on cli-mate change—what he calls the ‘‘orga-nized climate-denial machine.’’ Dunlap and a colleague found that nearly 90 percent of climate denial books coming out of publishing houses between 1982 and 2010—guess what—had ties to con-servative fossil fuel-funded think tanks such as the Heartland Institute. The whole thing is a rigged game and a phony, and there is a very good pro-fessor at Oklahoma State University who keeps track of it. 
I also have a fact sheet from the 
Oklahoma Climatological Survey, its statement on climate change and its implications for Oklahoma. Here is what it says in plain language: The Earth’s climate has warmed during the last 100 years. The Earth’s climate will continue to warm for the foreseeable future, and much of the global tem-perature increases over the last 50 years can be attributed to human ac-tivities, particularly increasing green-house gases in the atmosphere. That is actually a noncontroversial statement among regular scientists. 
This is no radical with some political 
agenda. This is a fact sheet from a State scientific agency. It happens to be Oklahoma’s. Here is what the agen-cy expects this means for Oklahoma: earlier maturation of winter wheat and orchard crops, leaving them more vul-nerable to late freeze events; drought frequency increases, especially during the summer; drier and warmer condi-tions increasing the risk of wildfires; rain-free periods lengthening with indi-vidual rainfall events becoming more intense, with more runoff and flash flooding occurring. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have this statement printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the Oklahoma Climatological Survey] 
STATEMENT ON CLIMATE CHANGE AND ITS 
IMPLICATIONS FOR OKLAHOMA  
‘‘Warming of the climate system is un-
equivocal, as is now evident from observa-tions of increases in global average air and ocean temperatures, widespread melting of snow and ice, and rising global average sea level.’’ 
—the Fourth Assessment of the Intergov-
ernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). 
That statement reflects the essence of a 
vast amount of observational data and cli-mate research: the earth’s climate has warmed on average during the last 100 years and will continue to warm through the 21st century. Further, ample evidence from ob-servational data and climate modeling stud-ies indicates that this global-scale warming is not attributable to natural variability. The Oklahoma Climatological Survey (OCS) has been mandated by the Oklahoma legisla-ture to provide climate information and ex-pertise which could be of value to the public, as well as to state policy- and decision-mak-ers. In accordance with that directive, OCS has conducted a review of the current assess-ments of climate change research and con-cludes the following to be true: 
Across the globe, a warming climate will 
be beneficial to some and detrimental to oth-ers. Anticipating how this climatic shift will impact Oklahoma is of vital importance to state decision-makers. One of the greatest impacts will be the exposure of Oklahoma’s growing population and economy to water stress. Oklahoma’s future requires access to fresh water. Thus, due diligence in pro-tecting our water resources and adapting to future climate variability is paramount if we are to maintain and improve the quality of life and the economy of Oklahoma. 
THE SCIENCE OF GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE  
The earth’s climate is always changing. 
Evidence such as tree ring and ice core stud-ies indicates large and sometimes abrupt cli-mate changes have occurred in the earth’s distant past, lasting centuries to millennia. These climate swings are attributed to nat-ural variations, such as changes in the out-put of the sun or shifts in the earth’s orbit. Oklahoma has exhibited distinct climate pe-riods attributable to natural variability in the last 100 years, from the decadal-scale droughts of the 1920s, 1930s and 1950s to an extended period of abundant precipitation during the 1980s and 1990s. Mounting evi-dence continues to indicate, however, that human activities have begun to impact the earth’s climate through the release of green-house gases. Ice core studies show carbon di-oxide and methane are at their greatest lev-els within the last 650,000 years. Due to the extended periods required for these gases to be removed from the atmosphere, further emissions during the 21st century will cause additional warming for more than a millen-nium. In fact, even if greenhouse gas con-centrations were held steady since the year 2000, the earth is committed to decades of warming from heat already absorbed by the oceans. 
GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE IMPACTS FOR  
OKLAHOMA  
The continued warming of the climate 
averaged across the globe will create a cas-cade of climatic shifts which could impact Oklahoma’s climate. These shifts will not mean an end of year-to-year natural varia-bility—hot years and cold years will con-tinue, as will wet years and dry years. The projected changes will be seen at time scales averaged over a decade or more. Little is known of the effects climate change will have on severe weather. The ingredients re-quired for severe weather involve complex 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.010 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S684 February 2, 2015 
combinations that do not exhibit clear 
changes in a warming climate. Further, glob-al climate models are unable to accurately simulate small scale weather events like thunderstorms or tornadoes. 
RECOMMENDATIONS  
OCS recommends that Oklahoma aggres-
sively pursue four initiatives to address the risks of both climate variability and climate change. First, the state should undertake a comprehensive assessment of Oklahoma’s so-cial and economic vulnerability to climate variability as well as climate change. Learn-ing to adapt to nature’s extremes now will yield benefits in reduced disaster losses, re-gardless of the future trajectory of climate change. Climate change may also bring eco-nomic opportunities that would be identified in such an assessment. Second, OCS rec-ommends immediate funding of the Okla-homa Water Resources Board’s Comprehen-sive Water Plan study to identify existing as well as projected needs for water. Third, OCS encourages efficiency programs to reduce our growing demand for energy. Fourth, OCS recommends investment in renewable energy technology and production. Oklahoma has already demonstrated the successes of wind energy; similar efforts should be undertaken to advance development of solar and sustain-able bio-energy as well as fostering further research and development of wind energy. 
Even if climate does not evolve as ex-
pected, these steps will yield long-term bene-fits to Oklahoma’s society and economy through reduced losses to existing climate and weather threats and cost-savings through reduced energy use. If climate does evolve as expected, Oklahoma will be better positioned to adapt to those changes without rapid social upheaval. Furthermore, building resilience to climate and weather events will help position Oklahoma at a relative advan-tage to neighboring states, especially in at-tracting businesses that are dependent upon a continuous water supply. 
This statement is the first in a series 
issued by OCS which delineates the impacts, both beneficial and detrimental, of a warm-ing climate system on the economy of Okla-homa and the quality of life for Oklahomans. Further statements will illuminate possible impacts to specific industries, such as water management and agriculture. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. The National Cli-
mate Assessment estimates that by the end of the century the temperatures in the Southern Great Plains will in-crease up to 9 degrees. Mark Shafer is a researcher at the Oklahoma Climato-logical Survey who contributed to the National Climate Assessment. He told the Oklahoman newspaper that in a few decades Oklahoma could see 100- plus temperatures every summer. By century’s end, daily temperatures could top 100 degrees for the entire summer. As the climate warms, droughts will probably get worse, both more severe and more frequent. 
Nine Oklahoma professors from Oral 
Roberts University, Southern Nazarene University, and the University of Tulsa were among 200 evangelical scientists and academics to sign a 2013 letter to Congress imploring us to address cli-mate change. 
All of God’s Creation . . . is groaning 
under the weight of our uncontrolled use of fossil fuels. . . . The threat to fu-ture generations and global prosperity means we can no longer afford compla-cency and endless debate. We as a soci-ety risk being counted among ‘‘those 
who destroy the earth.’’ 
Those who know the Bible will know 
that reference to ‘‘those who destroy the earth’’ comes from Revelations. I will quote from Revelations: ‘‘And Thy wrath is come, and the time . . . that thou . . . shouldst destroy them which destroy the earth.’’ 
The letter warns that the way we live 
harms our neighbors, threatening to create more empty wells, devastated cropland, loss of villages, environ-mental refugees, and disease. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
that letter from the 200 evangelical sci-entists printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JULY10, 2013. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER , SENATE MAJORITY  
LEADER REID, AND MEMBERS OF THE UNITED  
STATES CONGRESS : As evangelical scientists 
and academics, we understand climate change is real and action is urgently needed. All of God’s Creation—humans and our envi-ronment—is groaning under the weight of our uncontrolled use of fossil fuels, bringing on a warming planet, melting ice, and rising seas. The negative consequences and burdens of a changing climate will fall disproportion-ately on those whom Jesus called ‘‘the least of these’’: the poor, vulnerable, and op-pressed. Our nation has entrusted you with 
political power; we plead with you to lead on this issue and enact policies this year that will protect our climate and help us all to be better stewards of Creation. 
Average global temperatures are at their 
highest level within the measurement record, and we are beginning to see indica-tions of increasingly disturbed weather. For example, 2012 was the hottest year ever re-corded for the contiguous United States, and it will go down as one of the most destruc-tive and disruptive years in U.S. history: wildfires, drought, superstorms, and public health outbreaks. This past year is only one example of the patterns of change we expect to see as the climate warms globally. We’re already spending billions in emergency aid for the victims of hurricanes and weather disasters, and these expenses will only in-crease as the ‘‘once in a lifetime’’ storms be-come the new normal. 
The Bible tells us that ‘‘love does no harm 
to its neighbor’’ (Romans 13:10), yet the way we live now harms our neighbors, both lo-cally and globally. For the world’s poorest people, climate change means dried-up wells in Africa, floods in Asia that wash away crops and homes, wildfires in the U.S. and Russia, loss of villages and food species in the Arctic, environmental refugees, and dis-ease. Our changing climate threatens the health, security, and well-being of millions of people who are made in God’s image. The threat to future generations and global pros-perity means we can no longer afford com-placency and endless debate. We as a society risk being counted among ‘‘those who de-stroy the earth’’ (Revelation 11:18). 
We call on you to pass meaningful legisla-
tion during this Congress to reduce carbon emissions and protect our environment, thereby strengthening the long-term outlook for our economy and our children. As Chris-tian scientists and educators, we offer our knowledge, experience, and prayerful witness to assist you and all of our nation’s leaders who are willing to address this urgent chal-lenge. 
Sincerely, 
Dr. Tom Ackerman, University of Wash-
ington, Seattle, Washington; Dr. Carolyn An-derson, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michi-
gan; Dr. Stanley Anderson, University of California, Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, California; Dr. Brian Aukema, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minnesota; Prof. Michael Bailey Anderson, University, Ander-son, Indiana; Dr. Jonathan Bakker, Univer-sity of Washington, Seattle, Washington; Dr. Marvin Bauer, University of Minnesota, Min-neapolis, Minnesota; Dr. Philip Bays, Saint Mary’s College, Notre Dame, Indiana; Dr. Caroline Bentley, Southern Nazarene Univer-sity, Bethany, Oklahoma; Dr. Abram Bicksler, International Sustainable Develop-ment Studies Institute, Chiang Mai, Thai-land; Prof. Russell Bjork, Gordon College, Wenham, Massachusetts; Dr. Curtis Blankespoor, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Harvey Blankespoor, Hope College, Holland, Michigan; Dr. Mark Bloom, Dallas Baptist University, Dallas, Texas; Dr. Robert Boomsma, Trinity Christian College, Palos Heights, Illinois. 
Dr. Dorothy Boone, Gordon College, 
Wenham, Massachusetts; Prof. Michael Bosscher, Trinity Christian College, Palos Heights, Illinois; Dr. Sheri Boyce, Messiah College, Grantham, Pennsylvania; Prof. Lynn Braband, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York; Dr. James Bradley, Calvin Col-lege, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Robert Bringolf, University of Georgia, Athens, Georgia; Dr. Joshua Brokaw, Abilene Chris-
tian University, Abilene, Texas; Dr. Jeff Brown, Hope College, Holland, Michigan; Dr. Douglas Bulthuis, Washington State Univer-sity, Pullman, Washington; Dr. Russell Camp, Gordon College, Wenham, Massachu-setts; Dr. David Campbell, Gardner-Webb University, Boiling Springs, North Carolina; Dr. Clayton Carlson, Trinity Christian Col-lege, Palos Heights, Illinois; Dr. Chris Car-michael, Bob Jones University, Greenville, South Carolina; Dr. Walter Cho, Point Loma Nazarene University, San Diego, California; Dr. Hyun Joong Cho, University of Cali-fornia, San Francisco San Francisco, Cali-fornia. 
Dr. James Clark, Wheaton College, Whea-
ton, Illinois; Dr. Stephen Cole, MidAmerica Nazarene University, Olathe, Kansas; Dr. Bruce Congdon, Seattle Pacific University, Seattle, Washington; Dr. John Cossel, Jr., Northwest Nazarene University, Nampa, Idaho; Dr. Lisa Crow, Southern Nazarene University, Bethany, Oklahoma; Dr. Thomas F. Cummings, Bradley University, Peoria, Il-linois; Dr. Robert De Haan, Dordt College, Sioux Center, Iowa; Dr. William Deutsch, Auburn University, Auburn, Alabama; Dr. Calvin DeWitt, University of Wisconsin- Madison, Madison, Wisconsin; Prof. Jeffrey Divino, University of Connecticut, Storrs, Connecticut; Dr. David Dornbos Jr., Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Mike Dorrell, Point Loma Nazarene University, San Diego, California; Dr. Ruth Douglas Mil-ler, Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kansas; Dr. Job Ebenezer, Technology for the Poor, Westerville, Ohio; Dr. Gary Emberger, Messiah College, Grantham, Pennsylvania. 
Dr. Darrel Falk, Point Loma Nazarene 
University, San Diego, California; Dr. Chris Farrell, Trevecca Nazarene University, Nash-ville, Tennessee; Dr. Leo Finkenbinder, Oli-vet Nazarene University, Bourbonnais, Illi-nois; Dr. Lloyd Fisher, University of Wash-ington, Seattle, Washington; Dr. Vanessa Fitsanakis, King University, Bristol, Ten-nessee; Dr. Aaron Fletcher, Dallas Baptist University, Dallas, Texas; Dr. David K. Fos-ter, Messiah College, Grantham, Pennsyl-vania; Dr. Michael Freake, Lee University, Cleveland, Tennessee; Dr. Laura Furlong, Northwestern College, Orange City, Iowa; Dr. Herb Fynewever, Calvin College, Grand Rap-ids, Michigan; Dr. Robert Gammon, Univer-sity of Maryland, College Park, Maryland; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.009 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S685 February 2, 2015 
Dr. Jason Ganley, Colorado School of Mines, 
Golden, Colorado; Dr. Luke Gascho, Goshen College, Goshen, Indiana; Prof. Raymond Gates, Cornerstone University, Grand Rap-ids, Michigan; Dr. Mark Gathany, Cedarville University, Cedarville, Ohio. 
Dr. Dale Gentry, Northwestern College, St. 
Paul, Minnesota; Dr. Dwight Ginn, Olivet Nazarene University, Bourbonnais, Illinois; Dr. Micah Green, Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas; Dr. Jeffrey Greenberg, Wheaton College, Wheaton, Illinois; Dr. Brian T. Greuel, John Brown University, Siloam Springs, Arkansas; Dr. Roger Griffioen, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Jeff Griffitts, Southern Naza-rene University, Bethany, Oklahoma; Dr. Herb Grover, Wayland Baptist University, Plainview, Texas; Dr. Terry Gustafson, The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio; Dr. Loren Haarsma, Calvin College, Grand Rap-ids, Michigan; Dr. Steven Hall, Louisiana State University and LSU AgCenter, Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Dr. Rick Hammer, Hardin- Simmons University, Abilene, Texas; Dr. Wesley H. Hanson, Southern Nazarene Uni-versity, Bethany, Oklahoma; Dr. David Hart-nett, Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kansas; Prof. Elizabeth Hasenmyer, Taylor University, Upland, Indiana. 
Dr. Katharine Hayhoe, Texas Tech Univer-
sity, Lubbock, Texas; Dr. Kevin Heaney, Ocean Acoustical Services and Instrumenta-tion Systems, Lexington, Massachusetts; Dr. Matthew Heun, Calvin College, Grand Rap-ids, Michigan; Dr. Gregory Hitzhusen, The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio; Dr. David Hoferer, Judson University, Elgin, Illi-nois; Dr. Thomas Hooyer, University of Wis-consin-Milwaukee, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Prof. Elizabeth Horvath, Westmont College, Santa Barbara, California; Dr. Michael Huster, Nyack College, Nyack, New York; Dr. Dan Ippolito, Anderson University, An-derson, Indiana; Dr. Randy Isaac, IBM, Armonk, New York; Dr. Forest Isbell, Uni-versity of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Min-nesota; Dr. Delano Janutolo, Anderson Uni-versity, Anderson, Indiana; Dr. Randal John-son, Olivet Nazarene University, Bourbon-nais, Illinois; Dr. Carey Johnson, University of Kansas, Lawrence, Kansas; Dr. Ian John-ston, Bethel University, St. Paul, Minnesota. 
Dr. Chris Keil, Wheaton College, Wheaton, 
Illinois; Dr. Wayne Keith, McMurry Univer-sity, Abilene, Texas; Dr. Robert Keys, Cor-nerstone University, Grand Rapids, Michi-gan; Dr. John Korstad, Oral Roberts Univer-sity, Tulsa, Oklahoma; Dr. Kirk Larsen, Lu-ther College, Decorah, Iowa; Dr. Tom Lee, Abilene Christian University, Abilene, Texas; Dr. Curtis Lee, Dallas Baptist Univer-sity, Dallas, Texas; Prof Irvin Levy, Gordon College, Wenham, Massachusetts; Dr. Ray-mond Lewis, Wheaton College, Wheaton, Illi-nois; Dr. Erik Lindquist, Messiah College, Grantham, Pennsylvania; Dr. Richard Lindroth, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, Wisconsin; Dr. Greg Long, Olivet Nazarene University, Bourbonnais, Illinois; Dr. Eric Long, Seattle Pacific University, Seattle, Washington; Dr. Larry Louters, Cal-vin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. William Lynch, University of Evansville, Evansville, Indiana. 
Dr. Thomas Mangum, Northwest Nazarene 
University, Nampa, Idaho; Dr. Bryan Mark, The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio; Dr. April Maskiewicz, Point Loma Nazarene University, San Diego, California; Dr. Jon Masso, Daystar University, Athi River, Kenya; Dr. Ann Mayo, Tarrant County Col-lege, Fort Worth, Texas; Dr. Michelle McCully, University of California, San Fran-cisco, San Francisco, California; Prof. Karen McReynolds, Hope International University, Fullerton, California; Dr. Clarence Menninga, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Wendy L. Mercier, Eastern 
University, St. Davids, Pennsylvania; Dr. Grace Ju Miller, Indiana Wesleyan Univer-sity, Marion, Indiana; Dr. Keith Miller, Kan-sas State University, Manhattan, Kansas; Dr. Kristy Miller, University of Evansville, Evansville, Indiana; Dr. Mike Mooring, Point Loma Nazarene University, San Diego, Cali-fornia; Dr. Stephen Moshier, Wheaton Col-lege, Wheaton, Illinois; Dr. Lytton Musselman, Old Dominion University, Nor-folk, Virginia. 
Dr. Timothy Nelson, Seattle Pacific Uni-
versity, Seattle, Washington; Dr. Chris Newhouse, Spring Arbor University, Town-ship, Michigan; Prof. Andrew Newhouse, SUNY College of Environmental Science & Forestry, Syracuse, New York; Dr. Karen Nordell Pearson, Hope College, Holland, Michigan; Dr. Jennifer Noseworthy, Gordon College, Wenham, Massachusetts; Dr. Han Chuan Ong, King University, Bristol, Ten-nessee; Dr. Laura Ong, King University, Bris-tol, Tennessee; Dr. Dawne Page, Point Loma Nazarene University, San Diego, California; Dr. Rafe Payne, Biola University, La Mirada, California; Dr. Wesley Pearson, St. Olaf Col-lege, Northfield, Minnesota; Dr. Kenneth Pe-tersen, Bethel University, St. Paul, Min-nesota; Dr. Kenneth Piers, Calvin College, 
Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Jeffrey Ploegstra, Dordt College, Sioux Center, Iowa; Dr. Derek Posselt, University of Michi-gan, Ann Arbor, Michigan; Dr. Marla Potess, Hardin-Simmons University, Abilene, Texas. 
Dr. Darren Proppe, Calvin College, Grand 
Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Kathleen Purvis-Rob-erts, Claremont McKenna, Pitzer, and Scripps Colleges, Claremont, California; Dr. Michael Pyle, Olivet Nazarene University, Bourbonnais, Illinois; Dr. Max Reams, Olivet Nazarene University, Bourbonnais, Illinois; Dr. Jan Reber, Taylor University, Upland, Indiana; Prof. Stanley Reczek, Gordon Col-lege, Wenham, Massachusetts; Dr. Hal Reed, Oral Roberts University, Tulsa, Oklahoma; Dr. Jeffrey Regier, Taylor University, Up-land, Indiana; Dr. Timothy Richmond, Southwest Baptist University, Bolivar, Mis-souri; Dr. Jon Roberts, Cadmus Group, Ar-lington, Virginia; Dr. David Robinson, Utah State University, Logan, Utah; Dr. John Roe, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, Pennsylvania; Dr. Thomas Roose, Trinity Christian College, Palos Heights, Illinois; Dr. Paul Rothrock, Taylor University, Upland, Indiana; Dr. John Rowley, Houghton College, Houghton, New York. 
Dr. John Sanderson, Cornell University, 
Ithaca, New York; Dr. Jeffrey Schloss, Westmont College, Santa Barbara, Cali-fornia; Dr. Jonathon Schramm, Goshen Col-lege, Goshen, Indiana; Dr. Abbie Schrotenboer, Trinity Christian College, Palos Heights, Illinois; Dr. John Schutt, James A. Rhodes State College, Lima, Ohio; Dr. Arthur Schwarz, Southwestern Adventist University, Keene, Texas; Dr. Ryan Sensenig, Goshen College, Goshen, Indiana; Dr. Andrew Sensenig, Tabor College, Hills-boro, Kansas; Dr. Daniel Sharda, Olivet Naz-arene University, Bourbonnais, Illinois; Dr. Joseph Sheldon, Messiah College, Grantham, Pennsylvania; Dr. Walt Sinnamon, Southern Wesleyan University, Central, South Caro-lina; Dr. Kumar Sinniah, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. R. Darrell Smith, Global Environmental Relief, Con-yers, Georgia; Dr. Ralph Stearley, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Eric Steinkamp, Northwest University, Kirkland, Washington. 
Dr. Craig Story, Gordon College, Wenham, 
Massachusetts; Dr. Darren Stoub, Dordt Col-lege, Sioux Center, Iowa; Dr. Aaron Sullivan, Houghton College, Houghton, New York; Dr. Michael Summers, George Mason University, George Mason University; Dr. Jack 
Swearengen, Washington State University, Vancouver, Vancouver, Washington; Dr. Sara Sybesma—Tolsma, Northwestern College, Orange City, Iowa; Dr. Lou Sytsma, Trinity Christian College, Palos Heights, Illinois; Dr. Kenneth Sytsma, University of Wisconsin— Madison, Madison, Wisconsin; Dr. David Terrell, Warner Pacific College, Portland, Oregon; Dr. Perry Tompkins, Southwest Baptist University, Bolivar, Missouri; Dr. Todd Tracy, Northwestern College, Orange City, Iowa; Dr. Donna Tucker, University of Kansas, Lawrence, Kansas; Dr. Daniel Tuck-er, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, La-fayette, Louisiana; Prof. Jonathan Twining, Eastern Nazarene College, Quincy, Massa-chusetts; Dr. Dave Unander, Eastern Univer-sity, St. Davids, Pennsylvania. 
Dr. Gerald van Belle, University of Wash-
ington, Seattle, Washington; Dr. Randall Van Dragt, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Fred Van Dyke, Au Sable In-stitute of Environmental Studies, Mancelona, Michigan; Dr. Douglas Vander Griend, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michi-gan; Dr. Steven VanderLeest, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Aggie Veld, Oli-vet Nazarene University, Bourbonnais, Illi-nois; Dr. Pamela Veltkamp, McMurry Uni-versity, Abilene, Texas; Dr. Hans Verlinde, The Pennsylvania State University, Univer-sity Park, Pennsylvania; Dr. David Vosburg, Harvey Mudd College, Claremont, California; Dr. Peter Walhout, Wheaton College, Whea-ton, Illinois; Dr. David Warners; Calvin Col-lege, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Dr. Matthew Waterman, Eastern Nazarene College, Quin-
cy, Massachusetts; Dr. Leslie Wickman, Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, California; Dr. Douglas Wiens, Washington University in Saint Louis, St. Louis, Missouri; Dr. Alex Williams, York College of Nebraska, York, Nebraska; Dr. Mark Winslow, Southern Naz-arene University, Bethany, Oklahoma; Dr. Ken Wolgemuth, University of Tulsa, Tulsa, Oklahoma; Dr. Richard Wright, Gordon Col-lege, Wenham, Massachusetts; Dr. Davis Young, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michi-gan; Dr. Sharon Young, Southern Nazarene University, Bethany, Oklahoma; Dr. Uko Zylstra, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, Michigan. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Finally, Mr. 
President, at the University of Okla-homa Berrien Moore III is dean of the College of Atmosphere and Geographic Sciences. He is also Director of the Na-tional Weather Center. Dean Moore of the University of Oklahoma was a lead author on an intergovernmental panel on climate change report, which the Senator from Oklahoma is so fond of disparaging. Dr. Moore’s work helped the IPCC earn the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007. He has won research accolades from NOAA and from NASA. In 2009 Dr. Moore testified before the House Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. Here is what he had to say about climate change: 
On the increasing strength of Earth 
science, we now can state that global warm-ing is ‘‘unequivocal,’’— 
There is that word again— 
but this simply sets the challenge. We need now— 
This is 5 years ago, by the way— 
to develop the capability to monitor and thereby manage greenhouse gas emissions through this century and beyond. . . . The challenge is growing and will not go away. 
The effects of climate change are all 
too real in Oklahoma, in Rhode Island, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.011 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S686 February 2, 2015 
and across the Nation. If you don’t be-
lieve me, go to Oklahoma State and the University of Oklahoma and talk to the scientists I just mentioned. The outlook for us if we fail to act is in-creasingly dark. 
But look again at Oklahoma. The 
Sooner State is the fourth largest pro-ducer of wind power in the country. Wind turbines there make progress to-ward energy independence and they give Oklahoma farmers steady income as a hedge against droughts and ex-treme weather. So people farm and they get paid for having a wind turbine located on your farm. It is a win-win. Gary McManus, the Oklahoma State climatologist, has given a number of presentations on climate change and its likely effects on his home State. He often prefaces those talks with this ad-monition: 
This is the science. It is up to you to de-
cide what you do with it. You can either ig-nore it or you can use it. 
In my view, there will be a high price 
in harm and in infamy to this democ-racy if we continue to ignore it. So I say let’s use it, but first we will have to wake up. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
(The remarks of Mr. G
RASSLEY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 335 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ab-
sence of a quorum is suggested, and the clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CHIP FUNDING 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, 1 year 
and 1 week ago, on a cold, snowy morn-ing in Cleveland, OH, not much dif-ferent from what I woke up to this morning in Cleveland, OH, I attended the Dr. Martin Luther King Memorial Breakfast in that city, which is also my hometown. A minister at that breakfast said something that we all know but probably have not thought about and rarely put in such succinct, meaningful words. He said: Your life expectancy is connected to your ZIP Code. Think about that. Whether you grew up on the east side of Cleveland or Gary, IN, or whether you grew up in Appalachia, OH, or southern Indiana, or whether you grew up in a city, sub-urb, small town, affluent, less affluent, low income, rural, or urban, your ZIP Code often determines whether you have access to quality health care, to a good, solid education, and the social support that is necessary to succeed. It is up to this body to help ensure—not to do it and not to do it alone—that 
every ZIP Code is one that provides op-portunity, not inequality. 
Ten years ago, the ZIP Code where 
my wife and I live in the city of Cleve-land had the highest foreclosure rate of any ZIP Code in America. Think about what that means for a 12 year-old-child of a family where the father gets laid off from work and the mother has her hours cut back. Even though they were doing everything right, they can’t pay their mortgage. They sit down with their 12-year-old daughter and say: Honey, we are going to have to move, but we don’t know where we are going yet. We don’t know what school dis-trict you are going to be in, and we don’t know if you will be close enough to be able to stay with your friends. 
Those kinds of decisions happen far 
too often. Those kinds of scenarios happen far too often. But we know that in many ways we have made progress. Fifty years ago the poverty rate was 26 percent, and today it is around 15 per-cent thanks in large part to what peo-ple in this institution have done with social insurance programs, such as the Affordable Care Act, Medicaid, and to-day’s Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, so-called CHIP. 
There was no greater champion in 
the Senate for children’s health care than my predecessor, the Senator from West Virginia who actually sat at this desk on the Senate floor, retired Sen-ator Jay Rockefeller. He helped to write CHIP in 1997. I was a member of the House Health Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee at that time. I believe the Presiding Offi-cer sat on that committee when he was in the House many years ago. We worked on writing CHIP in 1997 when it was a joint State-Federal health insur-ance program for low- to moderate-in-come children and pregnant women. 
Keep in mind that in most cases the 
children who are in today’s Children’s Health Insurance Program have at least one working parent in their fam-ily. CHIP provides health insurance to low-income families who fall into a coverage gap: They make too much to qualify for Medicaid, but they don’t make enough to qualify for private in-surance. Many employers don’t offer the insurance. They don’t make enough money and are not able to afford to buy the insurance due to the high copays and the high premiums they would typically face. Today’s CHIP, the current CHIP program, bridges that gap. 
I am honored to continue the fight to 
protect this program and ensure that Congress acts to extend funding for the current program before it expires at the end of September. 
You may have noticed that I said to-
day’s CHIP, the current program. When CHIP started in 1997, it was a good pro-gram. It was started in the Senate by Senator Rockefeller, Senator Kennedy, and Senator H
ATCH . It was very bipar-
tisan, and it passed overwhelmingly. Those of us who worked on it in the House—Congressman Billirakis and I, 
as leaders on the Health Sub-committee, and others—made sure that it was bipartisan and that it worked very well. But understand that over the 20 years of CHIP, each time it has been reauthorized, we made it better. We extended the benefits because we have seen where the coverage gaps are. We made it more efficient, we made it work better, we have kept the bipar-tisan nature to it, and that is why I re-ferred to it as today’s CHIP, as the cur-rent program. 
Providing health insurance to low-in-
come children is not just the right thing to do, it is the smart thing to do. It is the right thing to do because these are families where the parents are working hard and taking responsibility but simply can’t afford health insur-ance for their child. Today I was in Cleveland with a couple of people— Shonte Saunders and her daughter Amari. Ms. Saunders is a young woman with two children. Amari is 9 years old. Ms. Saunders told me she is working, raising her children, and she is in school studying to become a nurse at Cuyahoga County Community College. She is doing the right thing, but she said: If CHIP expires, I don’t want to be in the position where I have to choose between taking my daughter to a doc-tor for an ear infection versus having to provide enough food to put food on the table, or a more serious illness or injury than that. 
Why should she be subjected to that? Listen to these numbers. Thanks to 
CHIP, the number of uninsured chil-dren has fallen by half. It went from 14 percent almost 20 years ago when Sen-ator H
ATCH , Senator Kennedy, and Sen-
ator Rockefeller wrote this program in the Senate and Congressman Billirakis and I and others in the House wrote it to a record low of 7 percent. Because of today’s CHIP, 10 million children— 130,000 children in my State of Ohio alone—have access to health care they may not have received otherwise. 
Over the past week I met with par-
ents across Ohio. I met with Jennifer Huit in Cincinnati and listened to her story. In Dayton, I listened to a family talk about what CHIP means to them. 
Think about this: It provides a sigh 
of relief for parents like Shonte and Jennifer, and not only for financial reasons. CHIP means better access for preventive and comprehensive care. Too often, if you are right on the edge and making $12 or $13 or less an hour and don’t have Medicaid, think about the choices you know you have to make. You can’t take your child to the doctor if they are only kind of sick. If you had insurance, you would take her in. But she is kind of sick, and it may get worse, but you will only take her in if it gets worse because you really can’t afford those out-of-pocket ex-penses. Think of the tension and the difficult life that people generally have anyway at that income level. Think of how much more difficult that is. CHIP—which in Ohio is administered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.013 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S687 February 2, 2015 
through Medicaid—means that a child 
in Cleveland or Cincinnati or Gallipolis or Troy or Pickaway, OH, can see a family doctor when they need it, there-by preventing a costly ambulance ride and emergency room visit. 
CHIP means a bunch of things. It 
means vaccines, shots, dental coverage, and better treatment if kids get sick. Think about this: It is not just the health care. It means they do better in school. It means they miss fewer days in school so they don’t fall behind their classmates who perhaps have better health insurance. It means they per-form better in school because they feel better. We know the stories of how a hungry or sick child can’t focus on what they need to do in the classroom. CHIP means that children from Bowl-ing Green will get the health care they need to become healthy, active adults. 
We know that the current CHIP—to-
day’s 2015 version of CHIP—works not just because of the number of insured children under the program but be-cause of the flexibility it provides States and the quality of care children receive. 
Ohio’s conservative Republican Gov-
ernor supports CHIP. It is called Healthy Start in Ohio because the Gov-ernor and legislature have been given flexibility under CHIP to make it work for that State. 
The flexibility that CHIP provides 
States is the result of 20 years of watching, observing, quantifying, and analyzing CHIP. We have had 18 years of experience in seeing what works best, and we have worked together to make improvements. As a result, under the current CHIP program, more chil-dren are covered and the coverage they get is better. 
If we don’t act, understand that 
CHIP—the authorization, the language, the law governing CHIP is in effect until 2019, but the funding for CHIP runs out in September of this year. You have to have both. You have to have the law governing CHIP—how it works, who is eligible, how the States have flexibility—but obviously you also need the money to implement it. 
If Congress doesn’t act now, first of 
all, Ohio, my State, would lose $146 million in Federal funds in 2016 alone, and the Presiding Officer’s State of In-diana would lose tens of millions of dollars in CHIP funding. 
We know another thing: Whether it is 
Governor Pence in Indiana or Governor Kasich in my State, they need the flexibility of knowing what Congress is actually going to do. We should not wait until July or August; we should reallocate money for CHIP today. If we don’t act, parents like Shonte and Jen-nifer may not be able to get the qual-ity, affordable care for their children as States would start to roll back CHIP programs. 
That is why I will soon introduce leg-
islation to protect the program and ex-tend its funding so it runs out at the same time as the authorization—the roadmap, if you will, of how CHIP will work. If we let the program run out of 
funding, the number of uninsured chil-dren will increase, the quality of health care will decrease, and States will see a significant increase in cost- sharing services. 
Providing health insurance to low-in-
come children isn’t just the right thing to do, it is the smart thing to do. If the program works, it works for children, it works for parents, it works for com-munities, and it works for our great country. 
I call on my colleagues to work with 
me to extend funding for the current CHIP program before it is too late. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise 
today because I wish to speak about the importance of this DHS funding bill that is going to be before the body in the coming days. In particular, I wish to emphasize what I think is the important imperative that we pass what we are calling a clean bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of fiscal year 2015 through the end of September. That clean bill would be a bill that would fund homeland security without at-taching additional items to it con-cerning immigration. 
The support of this legislation was an 
initiative we were together on. We ne-gotiated in December as part of a budg-et process by leaders of both parties in both Chambers, and the funding for DHS would have been an increase to help protect our borders and help pro-tect our security by about $1.2 billion above the enacted level for fiscal year 2014. But at the end of the year the de-cision was made by the House to not fund that piece and leave it separately and that is why we are now talking about whether we will fund the Na-tion’s homeland security efforts and under what circumstances. 
All 45 Members on the Democratic 
side, save only Senator R
EID, have 
written a letter saying let’s make sure we fund DHS at the level we have al-ready agreed to between the Houses. Then, let’s not play politics over immi-gration issues; let’s take up immigra-tion separately. But the House bill that has been sent to us includes measures to begin to block or unwind actions taken by the President on immigra-tion, and those complicate what all should agree is a national imperative, which is the need to fund homeland se-curity. If we don’t pass such a bill, that funding will expire on February 28. I don’t need to explain too much why 
homeland security funding is impor-tant, but let me make a few points. This Department was created after the attacks of 9/11, and its stated mission— while it employs an awful lot of people and does many complicated things, the mission is quite simple—let’s keep our country safe, secure, and resilient against terrorism and other hazards. We see every day the kinds of ter-rorism hazards we are dealing with. The horrible shooting in Paris a few weeks ago and the shooting in Quebec a few months ago remind us of the dan-gers of terrorism, and now that we are in a war against ISIL—a jihadist ter-rorist enemy that has promised to 
carry out attacks on the United States—we should be very concerned about the mission the DHS performs and the need to provide funding. 
The men and women who work for 
the DHS are quite a wide swath of our Federal employees. They are the TSA personnel who protect our transpor-tation system, the Border Patrol agents who serve on our Nation’s front lines, Customs officials who oversee the entrance of nearly 1 million visi-tors per day who come to the United States, and we need Customs agents to help process those visitors. Our DHS folks include disaster specialists—peo-ple who respond to hurricanes and other emergencies. Our Coast Guard, our Secret Service, and many of our cyber security professionals all work for the DHS and they work hard every day to carry out that mission of keep-ing our Nation safe. 
Funding DHS is not just critical to 
the Nation’s security, it is also critical to the economy because DHS is the third largest agency in the Federal Government by the number of employ-ees. The impact of any shutdown or cessation of funding would reverberate through the country, from our South-west border to our Nation’s ports to every international airport that brings in either foreign commerce or foreign visitors who want to come and be tour-ists in our country. 
Many DHS employees, as the Pre-
siding Officer knows, call Virginia home, and a shutdown would impact their lives and would make it difficult for them to plan not only for their im-mediate needs but for an unknown pe-riod of time. 
So as we are facing threats—and I 
think we all would agree—while we sometimes have differences of opinion about how to deal with threats, I think everybody in this body would acknowl-edge that the threats we are dealing with as a nation are not shrinking, they are growing. The challenges we are facing are not getting fewer in number, they are getting greater in number. To respond to threats, the DHS not only needs a good funding bill at an appropriate level, which we have already agreed to, but they need finan-cial certainty and the flexibility to di-rect its resources as they can. 
Let me give one interesting recent 
example of how DHS employees have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.015 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S688 February 2, 2015 
been very important in Virginia, and 
how those serving in Virginia have per-formed a critical role for the Nation. 
We saw a crisis spring up in 2014 that 
many of us hadn’t paid too much atten-tion to before, and that is the spread of the Ebola virus in Africa. That epi-demic that began in 2014 is the largest in history for this kind of virus and it had a significant impact on many West African countries. There were more than 22,000 cases as of January 30, 2015. 
One of the great things is whenever 
there is a challenge such as this, the nations of the world turn to the United States and they ask for our help. Many parts of our government responded. We deployed military and health profes-sionals to Africa to try to battle the disease there, but we have also de-ployed our DHS personnel right here at home to keep us safe. As part of this strategy to stop the spread of Ebola, DHS announced in October that five U.S. airports would begin an advanced screening process for Ebola, and one of those airports is in Virginia, and that is Dulles airport. Shortly after, DHS announced that all travelers from Ebola-affected countries would have to enter the United States from one of these five airports. 
So using existing resources—using 
existing resources because we didn’t have an Ebola line item in the 2014 budget; this is an emergency that came up—but with existing resources, the DHS employees at Dulles were charged with supervising the entire Ebola screening process, including admin-istering questionnaires, taking trav-elers’ temperatures, and referring po-tentially infected people to the Centers for Disease Control, while also doing all of their regular duties. These offi-cers in Virginia have gone above and beyond their mission for the sake of keeping every American safe. 
Since this advanced screening began 
in October, CBP officers at Dulles have interviewed more than 2,000 visitors to the United States from African coun-tries and they have referred more than 140 people to the CDC. As a result of their work and the work of their col-leagues and their ability to react to this emerging threat, the United States has only seen two diagnosed cases of Ebola since advanced screen-ing began at our airports, and both pa-tients recovered. 
This should be viewed as a huge suc-
cess. Remember how worried we all were—how worried I was—when this was happening in September and Octo-ber. Our DHS employees have gone the extra mile to keep us safe. 
This is the kind of mission that we 
call upon our DHS employees to carry out for our security. It has nothing to do with congressional debates about immigration policy, but it has every-thing to do with doing the stated mis-sion of keeping us safe. To limit DHS’s access to resources by shutting down the agency or passing another con-tinuing resolution that would keep them running on auto pilot—sort of driving by looking in the rearview mir-
ror rather than looking through the windshield of the challenges to come— would damage the ability of DHS to deal with growing threats. 
I understand the message from the 
House. We have agreed on the right funding level for DHS. They are saying, however, that we will only fund DHS, we will only fund the guys who are pro-tecting us from ISIL, or protecting us from Ebola, or protecting our ports from nuclear material being shipped— we will only fund it if we can get an agreement to change policies enacted by the President with immigration. They are threatening to stop funding DHS actions unless we reverse the 
President’s actions on immigration— actions that, in my view, are already helping the economy by bringing fami-lies out of the shadows to become pro-ductive, taxpaying members of our communities. 
While I strongly support the Presi-
dent’s immigration actions—and most of them I voted for as part of the Sen-ate’s comprehensive immigration re-form bill that we passed in June of 2013—I can understand there might be Members of the House who may not like those actions. They may want to do something different. And the great thing is they have an ability to do something different. The House, with a significant Republican majority, can pass their own immigration reform bill. They can retract the President’s actions. They can express what they want to do about immigration reform. They can pass that bill just as they passed the DHS funding bill, and send it over to the Senate, and we can have a debate about immigration reform. But we can have that debate without holding hostage the funding of the third largest agency in government, without holding hostage the work that agency does every day to keep us safe. 
I think the good news in all of this is 
in both the House and Senate there are people who think the immigration sys-tem is broken, the immigration system needs to be fixed, and we ought to have a dialogue to do it. Certainly, when the Senate passed an immigration reform bill in June of 2013—nearly 2 years ago—and we sent it to the House, we knew the House was not going to adopt what the Senate passed without chang-ing anything. We were trying to start a dialogue where the House could pass their own bill and then we could sit down in conference and work out a so-lution to an immigration system that we all think is broken. That is what we should be doing as responsible legisla-tors—fixing an immigration system, and even those of us who have different views, getting those views on the table and finding a compromise. It is the wrong thing to do to try to hold up funding for the third largest agency in government—this agency that is keep-ing us safe in so many ways all over this country every day—to try to re-verse actions the President took that are well within his legal authority. So I am going to continue to support 
the President’s Executive actions. I am going to continue to encourage the House and others, if they have different 
ideas about immigration reform, to pass a bill, put their ideas on the table and we will talk about them. But it is wrong to try to hold up protecting our Nation’s security as a punishment to the President for using Executive ac-tion that was within his legal power to make. Since we have the complete abil-ity to have a discussion about immi-gration, let’s do it. 
I will conclude and say this, although 
I wish I didn’t have to—and particu-larly looking at these young pages who are sitting in front of me—it is a dan-gerous world out there. For the sake of these youngsters and my own kids, I wish it was getting less dangerous. I have a son in the military. I wish it was getting less dangerous, but it is not. It is getting more dangerous. The kinds of threats we have to face abroad and at home are tough, challenging, difficult threats. We have professionals on the front line every day, many of whom are risking their lives for us, to try to stop these threats. Let’s not starve their work. Let’s not hamper their work. Let’s not make them face the threat of a shutdown or losing their salary or losing their livelihood while we wait for Congress to have a mean-ingful debate about immigration. 
I appreciate the opportunity to offer 
those thoughts and to urge funding for a clean DHS bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, tomorrow 
afternoon the Senate will vote to begin consideration of the bill called H.R. 240. This is a bill that authorizes fund-ing for the Department of Homeland Security, or DHS. It would fund DHS through September of this year. This, of course, is a procedural vote we have scheduled for tomorrow, not a sub-stantive one. The only question on the table, the sole question in connection with this particular vote, will be whether the Senate is ready to begin voting and debating on H.R. 240. 
I am ready—I am eager, in fact—to 
begin this debate. It does need to begin. That is what this vote is about. Not just because we have only 25 days be-fore the current budget authority for DHS expires but also because this de-bate will finally allow the American people to see where their elected rep-resentatives, right here in the U.S. Senate, stand on President Obama’s re-cent Executive action on immigration. 
The legislature is the only law-
making branch within our Federal Government because it is the only de-liberative branch in our government. Before Congress enacts a piece of legis-lation—before it makes a new piece of law—we first debate the merits of that legislation—weighing the various pros and cons of each proposal in a candid and transparent discussion, and allow-ing the various sides of the issue to make their case. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.018 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S689 February 2, 2015 
Open, robust debate is not merely in-
cidental to the lawmaking process that goes on here, it is the essence of that lawmaking process. It is at the very heart, the very center, the very core of this process that we hold near and dear and was established by our 227-year-old founding document. It is the only way for Members of Congress to fully ex-plore the cost and consequences of a particular policy under consideration. It is the only way for the American people to know exactly where their elected officials stand on an issue; and, just as importantly, why they stand where they stand. 
When the President of the United 
States announced in November of last year he was singlehandedly going to re-write our immigration laws, in effect, he short-circuited this process of de-bate and of deliberation that is at the very heart of our constitutional law-making process. 
His announcement showed us what it 
looks like when one person ignores the limits of his office and claims the power to change the law all on his own, just as an expression of his own unilat-eral will. 
Policies are written behind closed 
doors, in consultation with lawyers and special-interest groups, rather than the American people. The law is pro-nounced from behind a podium as a fait accompli rather than discussed and de-bated in an open, transparent, fair con-test of ideas and open to inspection by 300 million Americans who will be af-fected by these decisions. 
This is not how our Republic works. 
It is not what the American people ex-pect from their elected officials in Washington, DC. Indeed, poll after poll shows most people disapprove of the President’s Executive action on immi-gration—that same action taken just this last November. Even those who agree with the President on policy grounds, even those who think the President’s amnesty action would be the kind of policy they would prefer, even those people disagree with the President on the process because the American people understand that the process does matter. Especially among those people who have taken an oath to uphold, protect, and defend the Con-stitution of the United States—that same document that prescribes the for-mula by which our laws are made. 
According to one poll, when asked if 
the President should ‘‘sidestep Con-gress and act on his own using Execu-tive orders,’’ only 22 percent of the public said he should—22 percent. It is hardly a rousing mandate from the American people. In other words, the American people know what our Presi-dent seems to have forgotten: that in a constitutional republic the ends don’t justify the means. 
The American people oppose law-
making by fiat not out of some ab-stract loyalty to the abstract concept of separation of powers. No, that is not why. Rather, they understand quite in-tuitively that when a President side-steps Congress and avoids open, robust 
debate on a particular policy, it is probably because the public isn’t likely to accept and isn’t likely to like the substance of that policy. Otherwise, he wouldn’t need to take this kind of ac-tion. Otherwise, he could do it through the people’s duly elected representa-tives who have been put in office spe-cifically for the purpose of making law through this open, deliberative, trans-parent process. 
This is certainly what we have seen 
in the aftermath of the President’s Ex-ecutive order on immigration. The more the people discover about the content and about the consequences of his policy, the less they like it. For in-stance, the President claimed that his Executive order would honor the gold-en rule of American exceptionalism: If you work hard and play by the rules, you can get ahead. 
We now know his plan subverts this 
very basic fundamental bargain by pav-ing a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who have broken the rules and violated the law, and by granting them work permits and benefits such as Social Security and Medicare. 
Likewise, we were told the Presi-
dent’s Executive order would make our immigration system more fair and more functional, more accessible for everyone. But we now know his plan will only exacerbate the problems in our labor market for American workers by giving more power and more money to the dysfunctional U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, or USCIS. This is the agency within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security that was recently reported to have given over 900,000 work permits to illegal immi-grants since 2009. We know that unless we do something to stop it, unless we do something to reach back and take back our constitutional privilege, our institutional privilege as the law-making branch of the Federal Govern-ment, the President’s Executive order will go into effect at a time when all net job growth in our economy since 2007 has gone to immigrants. 
These are the kinds of facts and fig-
ures that ought to inform the legisla-tive process and ought to not be treat-ed as some sort of afterthought. These are not, coincidentally, exactly the kinds of observations, the kinds of facts and figures, the kinds of details that could have been and should have been and, undoubtedly, inevitably would have been explored had this pol-icy been implemented through the con-stitutionally prescribed formula. 
Last November the President may 
have chosen to ignore these facts and to circumvent debate altogether, but that doesn’t mean we have to respond in kind. That certainly doesn’t mean we have to capitulate and say, okay, the way he wants to do it is fine. It is not constitutional. It is not legal. It is not what the American people want, but we just have to accept it. No. On the contrary, I believe we have not just a right but we have a duty, we have an affirmative obligation to make every 
effort to ensure lawmaking by edict does not become the new normal in this country. Not now, not ever, not in the United States of America. 
Beginning debate on this bill will 
give us the opportunity to do just that, to make sure this never becomes the new normal. Some have said we shouldn’t be debating the President’s Executive action on immigration right now. They say it has nothing to do with funding the operations of the De-partment of Homeland Security. To this I have a very simple reply: If not now, when? If we are not going to do it right now, when are we going to do it? When will there be a better time? When will there be any adequate time for us to respond to this constitutional over-reach, this grave injustice? If we don’t debate the legality of the President’s Executive orders when we are in the very process of authorizing money to the Department that is tasked with carrying out those very orders, then when exactly will we have that debate? 
The truth is now is the perfect time 
because it is the only time. It is the only time when we can do this. It is the only time for us to have a meaningful debate on the President’s Executive ac-tion on immigration. 
At any other point our debate is 
more or less hypothetical. Now is the time, when we are exercising our con-stitutional power of the purse, that our debate has consequences, real con-sequences. They are consequences the American people can see and feel, con-sequences that will inure to the better-ment or the detriment of the American people. Now is the time when this needs to be debated. 
The power of the purse is the power 
to allocate money to fund government operations as well as the power to withhold money from improper or ille-gitimate government operations. It is what enables Congress—and only Con-gress, uniquely Congress—to reform dysfunctional government. 
We like to talk about the power of 
the purse as a tool that Congress can use, use as a check and a balance against the excesses of an overbearing President. That is absolutely true. There is no doubt about it. But first and foremost, it is a tool for Members of Congress themselves to represent the interests of our constituents and to fix the very things that are broken within our government. 
Our Constitution grants the legisla-
tive branch—this branch, Congress— the power of the purse not simply to achieve some abstract equilibrium or balance of power, but to compel the na-tional government to truly represent the American people and to be faithful stewards of taxpayer funds. 
At the end of November of last year, 
President Obama made his choice. It was an unfortunate choice; it was a wrong choice. It was a choice not backed up by law, not backed up by the U.S. Constitution, and flatly incon-sistent with the same. President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.019 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S690 February 2, 2015 
Obama made his choice in November. 
Now it is time for us to make ours. 
The President chose to sidestep Con-
gress, and in the process to avoid de-bate and to rewrite our immigration laws on his own. Now we must decide: Are we going to be a deliberative body or are we going to be a rubberstamp for the President’s agenda, whoever the President is happens to be in power, whether it is now or years from now? Are we going to be that kind of legisla-tive body that just rubberstamps what the President does, or are we going to exercise our prerogative as an inde-pendent coordinate branch of this gov-ernment to make sure our laws are faithfully and carefully executed in a manner consistent not only with the wishes of the people but also with the formula prescribed by the Constitu-tion? Are we going to acquiesce to an Executive who disregards the bound-aries of his office, or are we going to stand up for the rule of law and for the will of the American people? 
I choose the latter. I urge my col-
leagues to choose the latter. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to at least begin debate on H.R. 240. This is a debate the American people have been waiting for Congress to have for far too long. If not now, when? The time is now. We need to get on this bill. We need to debate it. We need to allow our constituents to be heard. 
The American people have a will, and 
that will is expressed though regular elections. Those elections choose those people who occupy seats in this Cham-ber and in the House of Representa-tives. We must represent them. We must do so in a manner fully con-sistent with the oath that every one of us has taken as required by article VI of the Constitution. We can begin to do that by voting to proceed to H.R. 240 tomorrow. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLAY HUNT SAV ACT 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, last 
night tens of millions of Americans watched the Super Bowl, a game that has become a national tradition, some-thing of an American holiday—and for good reason. Competition, grit, and hard work can bring out the best in all of us. But not all Americans were watching. 
Last night, just like every other 
night of the year, there were young American men and women, humbly and without complaint, shouldering the burden of protecting their follow citi-zens from harm. Some were doing this overseas, in places both familiar and unfamiliar to us. Others were here in 
America doing the hard training that is necessary to hone their warrior skills to protect us. 
I had the privilege of being with 
thousands of these fine young Ameri-cans last night at the Army’s National Training Center, the NTC, at Fort Irwin, CA. Just as in the Super Bowl, they were on the field engaged in fierce competition, force-on-force operations, as part of some of the best, most chal-lenging military training anywhere in the world. 
But unlike the Super Bowl, there 
were no winners or losers last night— just winners. Among the participants at NTC are 3,000 soldiers from a battle- hardened Army Stryker brigade based in Fairbanks, AK, along with hundreds of paratroopers from other military bases across Alaska. I felt immense pride in watching them train last night. 
These young men and women, volun-
teers all, selflessly stand ready to fight and give their lives for our great coun-try. With all due respect to my distin-guished colleagues from New England who are deservedly celebrating today, it is very important to keep in mind that America’s true patriots were on the field last night in places such as Fort Irwin, Baghdad, and Kabul. 
We have an important opportunity to 
honor their service tomorrow as we prepare to vote on a bipartisan bill to make sure the patriots in our military have the resources and care that can help them fight the despair of suicide. Tomorrow we vote on the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Vet-erans Act, which I was proud to cospon-sor and help pass out of the Veteran’s Affairs Committee. 
This bill is named for a true Amer-
ican hero, a decorated Marine who fought in Afghanistan and Iraq and who struggled with despair and ulti-mately took his own life. This bill will start to bring greater awareness and services to the devastation that too many of our finest fall sway to. I en-courage all of my distinguished col-leagues to vote for this bill tomorrow so we can get it on the President’s desk for his signature as soon as possible. 
A vote tomorrow will be a vote for 
Clay Hunt, for his courageous family, and for all the families and their loved ones who have lost someone to the na-tional tragedy of suicide. 
This will be a vote for my State, 
Alaska, which proudly boasts the high-est number of veterans per capita in the United States but, sadly, has the highest rates of suicide in our country. This is also a personal vote for me. It is a story I do not share often or light-ly. As an officer in the Marine Corps, both on Active Duty and in the Re-serve, I have personally witnessed the struggles, at times tragic, that some of our service men and women undergo. 
The suicide of a young Alaskan ma-
rine under my command still haunts me. You always wonder: Could I have done more? With the proper awareness and resources this marine might be 
alive today. That is why we need legis-lation such as the Clay Hunt bill. When I cast my vote tomorrow, it will be a vote for all of our veterans but particu-larly for the families who have suffered the unspeakable pain of suicide. 
This is a good bill. It is a good start. 
As my distinguished colleague from Connecticut calls it, this bill is a down-payment on our debt to our veterans. It will not solve all the problems they face, including rates of suicide among veterans that are far too high in this country. But it is an important begin-ning. I ask my colleagues to vote for this bill tomorrow. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF CONGREGATION NER TAMID 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
in celebration of the 40th anniversary of Congregation Ner Tamid in Hender-son, NV. With its strong commitment to serving others, Congregation Ner Tamid is an integral and deeply valued part of the Las Vegas community. 
As the largest Reform synagogue in 
the State of Nevada, with a member-ship of more than 600 families, Con-gregation Ner Tamid is an important center for the Jewish community. For decades, the congregation has provided opportunities for religious education to members of all ages and helped sustain important Jewish traditions that have been practiced for centuries. At the same time, Congregation Ner Tamid has worked to develop strong, inter-faith relationships with other commu-nities in southern Nevada. Congrega-tion Ner Tamid hosted the Interfaith Council of Southern Nevada’s annual Thanksgiving observance this past No-vember, bringing together people with diverse spiritual views in a unified commitment to mutual understanding and cooperation. 
In particular, I appreciate the value 
Congregation Ner Tamid places on serving others and working to improve the Las Vegas community. Congrega-tion Ner Tamid is committed to help-ing the homeless, engaging in impor-tant political discussions, and pro-viding support to individuals and fami-lies through a variety of programs and events. 
I extend my congratulations to Con-
gregation Ner Tamid on this important anniversary, and I thank Rabbi San-ford Akselrad, Cantor Jessica Hutchings, president Jacky Rosen, and the past presidents of Congregation Ner Tamid for their leadership and dedication. 
f 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION 
FUND 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with Senator W
YDEN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.020 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S691 February 2, 2015 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I rise 
for the purpose of entering into a col-loquy with the senior senator from Or-egon and ranking member of the Fi-nance Committee in regards to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
As the senior senator from Oregon 
knows, the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund was created in a bipartisan manner to help safeguard national parks, rivers, lakes and critical habi-tats for wildlife in all fifty States. Over the years, the Land and Water Con-servation Fund has helped protect some of our Nation’s most treasured places. Two such places are located in Delaware. They are the Bombay Hook National Wildlife Refuge and the Prime Hook National Wildlife Refuge. Now that Delaware has a new national park—the First State National Histor-ical Park—the State has even more op-portunities to take advantage of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
As you know, every year, some of the 
royalties from drilling for oil and gas on public lands are paid into the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Despite over $900 million coming into the fund every year, only about one-third of that amount actually goes toward con-servation. The funding is diverted else-where, despite the huge unmet need across our country to safeguard na-tional parks, national forests, national wildlife refuges, rivers, lakes, and crit-ical wildlife habitat. 
Two weeks ago, I sought to bring an 
amendment up for a vote on S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act, in an effort to address some of the Land and Water Conservation Fund funding issues. Critical habitats are impacted every year by the building of pipelines like the Keystone pipeline. Therefore, in-creasing funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund to help counter these impacts seemed like a relevant issue to debate and vote on. Unfortunately, my amendment was ta-bled, along with other Democratic amendments, and we were not able to have that debate and vote. Although I am disappointed we were not able to address this issue on this piece of legis-lation, I am determined to continue to work on this issue. 
Let me say to my colleague, our 
ranking member, I know you have been a long-time champion for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I would wel-come the opportunity to work with you and your staff on legislation that not only reauthorizes the program, but also better ensures that the revenues credited to the Land and Water Con-servation Fund each year are no longer diverted, but are used instead to meet more of our Nation’s critical conserva-tion needs. Would the Senator be will-ing to work with my staff and me? 
Mr. WYDEN. I want to thank the sen-
ior Senator from Delaware for raising this important issue. I would be happy to work with him on this issue because, as my friend and colleague from Dela-ware knows, the Land and Water Con-servation Fund is not only good for the environment but good for local econo-
mies. Economists have determined that communities that are near or part of protected natural resources have better and more sustainable economic out-looks than communities that are not. 
In addition to the Land and Water 
Conservation Fund, I have been work-ing on longer term solutions to the need to reauthorize the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act, as well as the need to consistently fund Payments in Lieu of Taxes. These programs share a similar, 
though not identical, vision as the Land and Water Conservation Fund in that they seek to support the rural communities that house some of our most important conservation-based treasures. I know the Senator seeks to support these sorts of American com-munities and so, while we are working on ensuring the stable continuation of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, we can also work together on these funds. 
Mr. CARPER. I thank the Senator. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN 
RELATIONS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations has adopted rules governing its procedures for the 114th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Senator M
ENENDEZ , I ask 
unanimous consent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN 
RELATIONS 
RULE 1 —JURISDICTION  
(a)Substantive. —In accordance with Sen-
ate Rule XXV.1(j)(1), the jurisdiction of the committee shall extend to all proposed legis-lation, messages, petitions, memorials, and other matters relating to the following sub-jects: 
1. Acquisition of land and buildings for 
embassies and legations in foreign countries. 
2. Boundaries of the United States. 3. Diplomatic service. 4. Foreign economic, military, technical, 
and humanitarian assistance. 
5. Foreign loans. 6. International activities of the Amer-
ican National Red Cross and the Inter-national Committee of the Red Cross. 
7. International aspects of nuclear en-
ergy, including nuclear transfer policy. 
8. International conferences and con-
gresses. 
9. International law as it relates to for-
eign policy. 
10. International Monetary Fund and other 
international organizations established pri-marily for international monetary purposes (except that, at the request of the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, any proposed legislation relating to such subjects reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations shall be referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs). 11. Intervention abroad and declarations of 
war. 
12. Measures to foster commercial inter-
course with foreign nations and to safeguard American business interests abroad. 
13. National security and international as-
pects of trusteeships of the United States. 
14. Ocean and international environmental 
and scientific affairs as they relate to for-eign policy. 
15. Protection of United States citizens 
abroad and expatriation. 
16. Relations of the United States with for-
eign nations generally. 
17. Treaties and executive agreements, ex-
cept reciprocal trade agreements. 
18. United Nations and its affiliated orga-
nizations. 
19. World Bank group, the regional devel-
opment banks, and other international orga-nizations established primarily for develop-ment assistance purposes. 
The committee is also mandated by Senate 
Rule XXV.1(j)(2) to study and review, on a comprehensive basis, matters relating to the national security policy, foreign policy, and international economic policy as it relates to foreign policy of the United States, and matters relating to food, hunger, and nutri-tion in foreign countries, and report thereon from time to time. 
(b)Oversight. —The committee also has a 
responsibility under Senate Rule XXVI.8(a)(2), which provides that ‘‘. . . . each standing committee . . . shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the appli-cation, administration, and execution of those laws or parts of laws, the subject mat-ter of which is within the jurisdiction of the committee.’’ 
(c)‘‘Advice and Consent’’ Clauses. —The 
committee has a special responsibility to as-sist the Senate in its constitutional function of providing ‘‘advice and consent’’ to all treaties entered into by the United States and all nominations to the principal execu-tive branch positions in the field of foreign policy and diplomacy. 
RULE 2 —SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a)Creation. —Unless otherwise authorized 
by law or Senate resolution, subcommittees shall be created by majority vote of the com-mittee and shall deal with such legislation and oversight of programs and policies as the committee directs. Legislative measures or other matters may be referred to a sub-committee for consideration in the discre-tion of the chairman or by vote of a majority of the committee. If the principal subject matter of a measure or matter to be referred falls within the jurisdiction of more than one subcommittee, the chairman or the com-mittee may refer the matter to two or more subcommittees for joint consideration. 
(b)Assignments. —Assignments of members 
to subcommittees shall be made in an equi-table fashion. No member of the committee may receive assignment to a second sub-committee until, in order of seniority, all members of the committee have chosen as-signments to one subcommittee, and no member shall receive assignments to a third subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all members have chosen assignments to two subcommittees. 
No member of the committee may serve on 
more than four subcommittees at any one time. 
The chairman and ranking member of the 
committee shall be ex officio members, with-
out vote, of each subcommittee. 
(c)Hearings. —Except when funds have been 
specifically made available by the Senate for a subcommittee purpose, no subcommittee of the Committee on Foreign Relations shall hold hearings involving expenses without prior approval of the chairman of the full 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.023 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S692 February 2, 2015 
committee or by decision of the full com-
mittee. Hearings of subcommittees shall be scheduled after consultation with the chair-man of the committee with a view toward avoiding conflicts with hearings of other subcommittees insofar as possible. Hearings of subcommittees shall not be scheduled to conflict with meetings or hearings of the full committee. 
The proceedings of each subcommittee 
shall be governed by the rules of the full committee, subject to such authorizations or limitations as the committee may from time to time prescribe. 
RULE 3 —MEETINGS AND HEARINGS  
(a)Regular Meeting Day. —The regular 
meeting day of the Committee on Foreign Relations for the transaction of committee business shall be on Tuesday of each week, unless otherwise directed by the chairman. 
(b)Additional Meetings and Hearings. —Ad-
ditional meetings and hearings of the com-mittee may be called by the chairman as he may deem necessary. If at least three mem-bers of the committee desire that a special meeting of the committee be called by the chairman, those members may file in the of-fices of the committee their written request to the chairman for that special meeting. Immediately upon filing of the request, the chief clerk of the committee shall notify the chairman of the filing of the request. If, within three calendar days after the filing of the request, the chairman does not call the requested special meeting, to be held within seven calendar days after the filing of the re-quest, a majority of the members of the com-mittee may file in the offices of the com-mittee their written notice that a special meeting of the committee will be held, speci-fying the date and hour of that special meet-ing. The committee shall meet on that date and hour. Immediately upon the filing of the notice, the clerk shall notify all members of the committee that such special meeting will be held and inform them of its date and hour. 
(c)Hearings, Selection of Witnesses. —To en-
sure that the issue which is the subject of the hearing is presented as fully and fairly as possible, whenever a hearing is conducted by the committee or a subcommittee upon any measure or matter, the ranking member of the committee or subcommittee may select and call an equal number of non-govern-mental witnesses to testify at that hearing. 
(d)Public Announcement. —The committee, 
or any subcommittee thereof, shall make public announcement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any meeting or hearing to be conducted on any measure or matter at least seven calendar days in ad-vance of such meetings or hearings, unless the chairman of the committee, or sub-committee, in consultation with the ranking member, determines that there is good cause to begin such meeting or hearing at an ear-lier date. 
(e)Procedure. —Insofar as possible, pro-
ceedings of the committee will be conducted without resort to the formalities of par-liamentary procedure and with due regard for the views of all members. Issues of proce-dure which may arise from time to time shall be resolved by decision of the chair-man, in consultation with the ranking mem-ber. The chairman, in consultation with the ranking member, may also propose special procedures to govern the consideration of particular matters by the committee. 
(f)Closed Sessions. —Each meeting and 
hearing of the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, or any subcommittee thereof shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or hearing or series of meetings or hearings by the committee or a subcommittee on the same subject for a period of no more than 14 calendar days may be closed to the public on 
a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only whether the matters enumerated in paragraphs (1) through (6) would require the meeting or hearing to be closed followed immediately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the members of the committee or sub-committee when it is determined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meeting or hearing or series of meetings or hearings— 
(1) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; 
(2) will relate solely to matters of com-
mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; 
(3) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct; to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; 
(4) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; 
(5) will disclose information relating to 
the trade secrets or financial or commercial information pertaining specifically to a given person if— 
(A) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by govern-ment officers and employees; or 
(B) the information has been obtained by 
the government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person, or 
(6) may divulge matters required to be 
kept confidential under other provisions of law or government regulations. 
A closed meeting or hearing may be opened 
by a majority vote of the committee. 
(g)Staff Attendance. —A member of the 
committee may have one member of his or her personal staff, for whom that member as-sumes personal responsibility, accompany and be seated nearby at committee meetings and hearings. The chairman or ranking member may authorize the attendance and seating of such a staff member at committee meetings and hearings where the member of the committee is not present. 
Each member of the committee may des-
ignate members of his or her personal staff for whom that member assumes personal re-sponsibility, who holds, at a minimum, a top secret security clearance, for the purpose of their eligibility to attend closed sessions of the committee, subject to the same condi-tions set forth for committee staff under Rules 12, 13, and 14. 
In addition, the majority leader and the 
minority leader of the Senate, if they are not otherwise members of the committee, may designate one member of their staff for whom that leader assumes personal responsi-bility and who holds, at a minimum, a top secret security clearance, to attend closed sessions of the committee, subject to the same conditions set forth for committee staff under Rules 12, 13, and 14. 
Staff of other Senators who are not mem-
bers of the committee may not attend closed sessions of the committee. 
Attendance of committee staff at meetings 
and hearings shall be limited to those des-ignated by the staff director or the minority staff director. 
The committee, by majority vote, or the 
chairman, with the concurrence of the rank-ing member, may limit staff attendance at 
specified meetings or hearings. 
RULE 4 —QUORUMS  
(a)Testimony. —For the purpose of taking 
sworn or unsworn testimony at any duly scheduled meeting a quorum of the com-mittee and each subcommittee thereof shall consist of one member of such committee or subcommittee. 
(b)Business. —A quorum for the trans-
action of committee or subcommittee busi-ness, other than for reporting a measure or recommendation to the Senate or the taking of testimony, shall consist of one-third of the members of the committee or sub-committee, including at least one member from each party. 
(c)Reporting. —A majority of the member-
ship of the committee, including at least one member from each party, shall constitute a quorum for reporting any measure or rec-ommendation to the Senate. No measure or recommendation shall be ordered reported from the committee unless a majority of the committee members is physically present, including at least one member from each party, and a majority of those present con-curs. 
RULE 5 —PROXIES  
Proxies must be in writing with the signa-
ture of the absent member. Subject to the re-quirements of Rule 4 for the physical pres-ence of a quorum to report a matter, proxy voting shall be allowed on all measures and matters before the committee. However, 
proxies shall not be voted on a measure or matter except when the absent member has been informed of the matter on which he is being recorded and has affirmatively re-quested that he or she be so recorded. 
RULE 6 —WITNESSES  
(a)General. —The Committee on Foreign 
Relations will consider requests to testify on any matter or measure pending before the committee. 
(b)Presentation. —If the chairman so deter-
mines, the oral presentation of witnesses shall be limited to 10 minutes. However, written statements of reasonable length may be submitted by witnesses and other inter-ested persons who are unable to testify in person. 
(c)Filing of Statements. —A witness appear-
ing before the committee, or any sub-committee thereof, shall submit an elec-tronic copy of the written statement of his proposed testimony at least 24 hours prior to his appearance, unless this requirement is waived by the chairman and the ranking member following their determination that there is good cause for failure to file such a statement. 
(d)Expenses. —Only the chairman may au-
thorize expenditures of funds for the ex-penses of witnesses appearing before the committee or its subcommittees. 
(e)Requests. —Any witness called for a 
hearing may submit a written request to the chairman no later than 24 hours in advance for his testimony to be in closed or open ses-sion, or for any other unusual procedure. The chairman shall determine whether to grant any such request and shall notify the com-mittee members of the request and of his de-cision. 
RULE 7 —SUBPOENAS  
(a)Authorization. —The chairman or any 
other member of the committee, when au-thorized by a majority vote of the committee at a meeting or by proxies, shall have au-thority to subpoena the attendance of wit-nesses or the production of memoranda, doc-uments, records, or any other materials. At the request of any member of the committee, the committee shall authorize the issuance of a subpoena only at a meeting of the com-mittee. When the committee authorizes a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.021 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S693 February 2, 2015 
subpoena, it may be issued upon the signa-
ture of the chairman or any other member designated by the committee. 
(b)Return. —A subpoena, or a request to an 
agency, for documents may be issued whose return shall occur at a time and place other than that of a scheduled committee meeting. A return on such a subpoena or request which is incomplete or accompanied by an objection constitutes good cause for a hear-ing on shortened notice. Upon such a return, the chairman or any other member des-ignated by him may convene a hearing by giving 4 hours notice by telephone or elec-tronic mail to all other members. One mem-ber shall constitute a quorum for such a hearing. The sole purpose of such a hearing shall be to elucidate further information about the return and to rule on the objec-tion. 
(c)Depositions. —At the direction of the 
committee, staff is authorized to take depo-sitions from witnesses. 
RULE 8 —REPORTS  
(a)Filing. —When the committee has or-
dered a measure or recommendation re-ported, the report thereon shall be filed in the Senate at the earliest practicable time. 
(b)Supplemental, Minority and Additional 
Views. —A member of the committee who 
gives notice of his intentions to file supple-mental, minority, or additional views at the time of final committee approval of a meas-ure or matter, shall be entitled to not less than 3 calendar days in which to file such views, in writing (including by electronic mail), with the chief clerk of the committee, with the 3 days to begin at 11:00 p.m. on the same day that the committee has ordered a measure or matter reported. Such views shall then be included in the committee re-port and printed in the same volume, as a part thereof, and their inclusion shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the ab-sence of timely notice, the committee report may be filed and printed immediately with-out such views. 
(c)Roll Call Votes. —The results of all roll 
call votes taken in any meeting of the com-mittee on any measure, or amendment there-to, shall be announced in the committee re-port. The announcement shall include a tab-ulation of the votes cast in favor and votes cast in opposition to each such measure and amendment by each member of the com-mittee. 
RULE 9 —TREATIES  
(a)General.— The committee is the only 
committee of the Senate with jurisdiction to review and report to the Senate on treaties submitted by the President for Senate advice and consent to ratification. Because the House of Representatives has no role in the approval of treaties, the committee is there-fore the only congressional committee with responsibility for treaties. 
(b)Committee Proceedings.— Once submitted 
by the President for advice and consent, each treaty is referred to the committee and re-mains on its calendar from Congress to Con-gress until the committee takes action to re-port it to the Senate or recommend its re-turn to the President, or until the com-mittee is discharged of the treaty by the Senate. 
(c)Floor Proceedings.— In accordance with 
Senate Rule XXX.2, treaties which have been reported to the Senate but not acted on be-fore the end of a Congress ‘‘shall be resumed at the commencement of the next Congress as if no proceedings had previously been had thereon.’’ 
(d)Hearings.— Insofar as possible, the com-
mittee should conduct a public hearing on each treaty as soon as possible after its sub-mission by the President. Except in extraor-dinary circumstances, treaties reported to the Senate shall be accompanied by a writ-
ten report. 
RULE 10 —NOMINATIONS  
(a)Waiting Requirement. —Unless otherwise 
directed by the chairman and the ranking member, the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions shall not consider any nomination until 5 business days after it has been for-mally submitted to the Senate. 
(b)Public Consideration. —Nominees for any 
post who are invited to appear before the committee shall be heard in public session, unless a majority of the committee decrees otherwise, consistent with Rule 3(f). 
(c)Required Data. —No nomination shall be 
reported to the Senate unless (1) the nomi-nee has been accorded a security clearance on the basis of a thorough investigation by executive branch agencies; (2) the nominee has filed a financial disclosure report and a related ethics undertaking with the com-mittee; (3) the committee has been assured that the nominee does not have any interests which could conflict with the interests of the government in the exercise of the nominee’s proposed responsibilities; (4) for persons nominated to be chief of mission, ambas-sador-at-large, or minister, the committee has received a complete list of any contribu-tions made by the nominee or members of his immediate family to any Federal elec-tion campaign during the year of his or her nomination and for the 4 preceding years; (5) for persons nominated to be chiefs of mis-sion, the report required by Section 304(a)(4) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 on the demonstrated competence of that nominee to perform the duties of the position to which he or she has been nominated; and (6) the nominee has provided the committee with a signed and notarized copy of the com-mittee questionnaire for executive branch nominees. 
RULE 11 —TRAVEL  
(a)Foreign Travel. —No member of the 
Committee on Foreign Relations or its staff shall travel abroad on committee business unless specifically authorized by the chair-man, who is required by law to approve vouchers and report expenditures of foreign currencies, and the ranking member. Re-quests for authorization of such travel shall state the purpose and, when completed, a full substantive and financial report shall be filed with the committee within 30 days. This report shall be furnished to all members of the committee and shall not be otherwise disseminated without authorization of the chairman and the ranking member. Except in extraordinary circumstances, staff travel shall not be approved unless the reporting requirements have been fulfilled for all prior trips. Except for travel that is strictly per-sonal, travel funded by non-U.S. Government sources is subject to the same approval and substantive reporting requirements as U.S. Government-funded travel. In addition, members and staff are reminded to consult the Senate Code of Conduct, and, as appro-priate, the Senate Select Committee on Eth-ics, in the case of travel sponsored by non- U.S. Government sources. 
Any proposed travel by committee staff for 
a subcommittee purpose must be approved by the subcommittee chairman and ranking member prior to submission of the request to the chairman and ranking member of the full committee. 
(b)Domestic Travel. —All official travel in 
the United States by the committee staff shall be approved in advance by the staff di-rector, or in the case of minority staff, by the minority staff director. 
(c)Personal Staff Travel. —As a general 
rule, no more than one member of the per-sonal staff of a member of the committee may travel with that member with the ap-proval of the chairman and the ranking 
member of the committee. During such trav-el, the personal staff member shall be consid-ered to be an employee of the committee. 
(d)PRM Travel. —For the purposes of this 
rule regarding staff foreign travel, the offi-cially-designated personal representative of the member pursuant to rule 14(b), shall be deemed to have the same rights, duties, and responsibilities as members of the staff of the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
RULE 12 —TRANSCRIPTS AND MATERIALS  
PROVIDED TO THE COMMITTEE  
(a)General. —The Committee on Foreign 
Relations shall keep verbatim transcripts of all committee and subcommittee meetings and hearings and such transcripts shall re-main in the custody of the committee, unless a majority of the committee decides other-wise. Transcripts of public hearings by the committee shall be published unless the chairman, with the concurrence of the rank-ing member, determines otherwise. 
The committee, through the chief clerk, 
shall also maintain at least one copy of all materials provided to the committee by the Executive Branch; such copy shall remain in the custody of the committee and be subject to the committee’s rules and procedures, in-cluding those rules and procedures applica-ble to the handling of classified materials. 
Such transcripts and materials shall be 
made available to all members of the com-mittee, committee staff, and designated per-sonal representatives of members of the committee, except as otherwise provided in these rules. 
(b)Classified or Restricted Transcripts or Ma-
terials. — 
(1) The chief clerk of the committee shall 
have responsibility for the maintenance and security of classified or restricted tran-scripts or materials, and shall ensure that such transcripts or materials are handled in a manner consistent with the requirements of the United States Senate Security Man-ual. 
(2) A record shall be maintained of each 
use of classified or restricted transcripts or materials as required by the Senate Security Manual. 
(3) Classified transcripts or materials 
may not leave the committee offices, or SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center, ex-cept for the purpose of declassification or archiving, consistent with these rules. 
(4) Extreme care shall be exercised to 
avoid taking notes or quotes from classified transcripts or materials. Their contents may not be divulged to any unauthorized person. 
(5) Subject to any additional restrictions 
imposed by the chairman with the concur-rence of the ranking member, only the fol-lowing persons are authorized to have access to classified or restricted transcripts or ma-terials: 
(A) Members and staff of the committee 
in the committee offices or in SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center; 
(B) Designated personal representatives 
of members of the committee, and of the ma-jority and minority leaders, with appropriate security clearances, in the committee offices or in SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center; 
(C) Senators not members of the com-
mittee, by permission of the chairman, in the committee offices or in SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center; and 
(D) Officials of the executive departments 
involved in the meeting, hearing, or matter, with authorization of the chairman, in the committee offices or SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center. 
(6) Any restrictions imposed by the com-
mittee upon access to a meeting or hearing of the committee shall also apply to the transcript of such meeting, except by special 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.021 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S694 February 2, 2015 
permission of the chairman and ranking 
member. 
(7) In addition to restrictions resulting 
from the inclusion of any classified informa-tion in the transcript of a committee meet-ing or hearing, members and staff shall not discuss with anyone the proceedings of the committee in closed session or reveal infor-mation conveyed or discussed in such a ses-sion unless that person would have been per-mitted to attend the session itself or is a member or staff of a relevant committee or executive branch agency and possess an ap-propriate security clearance, or unless such communication is specifically authorized by the chairman, the ranking member, or in the case of staff, by the staff director or minor-ity staff director. A record shall be kept of all such authorizations. 
(c)Declassification.— 
(1) All noncurrent records of the com-
mittee are governed by Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate and by S. Res. 474 (96th Congress). Any classified transcripts or materials transferred to the National Ar-chives and Records Administration under Rule XI may not be made available for pub-lic use unless they have been subject to de-classification review in accordance with ap-plicable laws or Executive orders. 
(2) Any transcript or classified committee 
report, or any portion thereof, may be de-classified, in accordance with applicable laws or Executive orders, sooner than the time pe-riod provided for under S. Res. 474 if: 
(A) the chairman originates such action, 
with the concurrence of the ranking mem-ber; 
(B) the other current members of the 
committee who participated in such meeting or report have been notified of the proposed declassification, and have not objected thereto, except that the committee by ma-jority vote may overrule any objections thereby raised to early declassification; and 
(C) the executive departments that par-
ticipated in the meeting or originated the classified information have been consulted regarding the declassification. 
RULE 13 —CLASSIFIED INFORMATION  
(a)General.— The handling of classified in-
formation in the Senate is governed by S. Res. 243 (100th Congress), which established the Office of Senate Security. All handling of classified information by the committee shall be consistent with the procedures set forth in the United States Senate Security Manual issued by the Office of Senate Secu-rity. 
(b)Security Manager.— The chief clerk is 
the security manager for the committee. The chief clerk shall be responsible for imple-menting the provisions of the Senate Secu-
rity Manual and for serving as the com-mittee liaison to the Office of Senate Secu-rity. The staff director, in consultation with the minority staff director, may appoint an alternate security manager as circumstances warrant. 
(c)Transportation of Classified Material.— 
Classified material may only be transported between Senate offices by appropriately cleared staff members who have been specifi-cally authorized to do so by the security manager. 
(d)Access to Classified Material.— In gen-
eral, Senators and staff undertake to confine their access to classified information on the basis of a ‘‘need to know’’ such information related to their committee responsibilities. 
(e)Staff Clearances.— The chairman, or, in 
the case of minority staff, the ranking mem-ber, shall designate the members of the com-mittee staff whose assignments require ac-cess to classified and compartmented infor-mation and shall seek to obtain the requisite security clearances pursuant to Office of Senate Security procedures. (f)PRM Clearances.— For the purposes of 
this rule regarding security clearances and access to compartmented information, the officially-designated personal representative of the member (PRM) pursuant to rule 14(b), shall be deemed to have the same rights, du-ties, and responsibilities as members of the staff of the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
(g)Regulations.— The staff director is au-
thorized to make such administrative regu-lations as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this rule. 
RULE 14 —STAFF  
(a)Responsibilities.— 
(1) The staff works for the committee as a 
whole, under the general supervision of the chairman of the committee, and the imme-diate direction of the staff director, except that such part of the staff as is designated minority staff shall be under the general su-pervision of the ranking member and under the immediate direction of the minority staff director. 
(2) Any member of the committee should 
feel free to call upon the staff at any time for assistance in connection with committee business. Members of the Senate not mem-bers of the committee who call upon the staff for assistance from time to time should be given assistance subject to the overriding responsibility of the staff to the committee. 
(3) The staff’s primary responsibility is 
with respect to bills, resolutions, treaties, and nominations and other matters within the jurisdiction of the committee. In addi-tion to carrying out assignments from the 
committee and its individual members, the staff has a responsibility to originate sugges-tions for committee or subcommittee consid-eration. The staff also has a responsibility to make suggestions to individual members re-garding matters of special interest to such members. 
(4) It is part of the staff’s duty to keep 
itself as well informed as possible in regard to developments affecting foreign relations and national security and in regard to the administration of foreign programs of the United States. Significant trends or develop-ments which might otherwise escape notice should be called to the attention of the com-mittee, or of individual Senators with par-ticular interests. 
(5) The staff shall pay due regard to the 
constitutional separation of powers between the Senate and the executive branch. It therefore has a responsibility to help the committee bring to bear an independent, ob-jective judgment of proposals by the execu-tive branch and when appropriate to origi-nate sound proposals of its own. At the same time, the staff shall avoid impinging upon the day-to-day conduct of foreign affairs. 
(6) In those instances when committee ac-
tion requires the expression of minority views, the staff shall assist the minority as fully as the majority to the end that all points of view may be fully considered by members of the committee and of the Sen-ate. The staff shall bear in mind that under our constitutional system it is the responsi-bility of the elected members of the Senate to determine legislative issues in the light of as full and fair a presentation of the facts as the staff may be able to obtain. 
(b)Personal Representatives of the Member 
(PRM).— Each Senator on the committee 
shall be authorized to designate one personal staff member as the member’s personal rep-resentative of the member and designee to the committee (PRM) that shall be deemed to have the same rights, duties, and respon-sibilities as members of the staff of the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations where specifi-cally provided for in these rules. 
(c)Restrictions.— 
(1) The staff shall regard its relationship 
to the committee as a privileged one, in the nature of the relationship of a lawyer to a 
client. In order to protect this relationship and the mutual confidence which must pre-vail if the committee-staff relationship is to be a satisfactory and fruitful one, the fol-lowing criteria shall apply, unless staff has consulted with and obtained, as appropriate, the approval of the Senate Ethics Committee and advance permission from the staff direc-tor (or the minority staff director in the case of minority staff): 
(A) members of the staff shall not be iden-
tified with any special interest group in the field of foreign relations or allow their names to be used by any such group; and 
(B) members of the staff shall not accept 
public speaking engagements or write for publication in the field of foreign relations. 
(2) The staff shall not discuss their pri-
vate conversations with members of the committee without specific advance permis-sion from the Senator or Senators con-cerned. 
(3) The staff shall not discuss with anyone 
the proceedings of the committee in closed session or reveal information conveyed or discussed in such a session unless that per-son would have been permitted to attend the session itself or is a member or staff of a rel-evant committee or executive branch agency and possesses an appropriate security clear-ance, or unless such communication is spe-cifically authorized by the staff director or minority staff director. Unauthorized disclo-sure of information from a closed session or of classified information shall be cause for immediate dismissal and may, in certain cases, be grounds for criminal prosecution. 
RULE 15 —STATUS AND AMENDMENT OF RULES  
(a)Status. —In addition to the foregoing, 
the Committee on Foreign Relations is gov-erned by the Standing Rules of the Senate, which shall take precedence in the event of 
a clear inconsistency. In addition, the juris-diction and responsibilities of the committee with respect to certain matters, as well as the timing and procedure for their consider-ation in committee, may be governed by statute. 
(b)Amendment.— These rules may be modi-
fied, amended, or repealed by a majority of the committee, provided that a notice in writing (including by electronic mail) of the proposed change has been given to each member at least 72 hours prior to the meet-ing at which action thereon is to be taken. However, rules of the committee which are based upon Senate rules may not be super-seded by committee vote alone. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO ODELL LUMONT 
PRICE 
∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am 
humbled to recognize Mr. Odell Lumont Price, and especially during Black History Month. As a constituent, I can say he has encouraged all who are familiar with his story. Mr. Price ex-emplifies the words of the late Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr.—he has truly lived a life in which he has been ‘‘judged by the content of his character rather than the color of his skin.’’ 
He grew up in Liberty Hill, a small 
part of North Charleston, and was among the first to graduate from all- white North Charleston High in 1967. Upon graduation, he volunteered to join the U.S. Marines at the age of 17 because he lacked the finances to at-tend college. He also served to show his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.021 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S695 February 2, 2015 
love and respect for his country and 
family. 
He saw much during his time in bat-
tle, and quickly became a squad leader of the 3rd Marine Division. After leav-ing the military, he used the GI Bill to further his education. Mr. Price be-lieves that the opportunity to further his education played a huge part in his success working at the Charleston Naval Shipyard. 
Mr. Price is an example of everything 
that has allowed me to stand before you today. His values of faith, family and freedom have granted me the chance to stand on his shoulders and continue helping our beloved country march forward. 
Please join me in a heartfelt 
‘‘Thanks’’ to not only a fellow South Carolinian but someone who deserves the title of ‘‘Hero’’ for his service to our country. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING PRIVATE NATHAN 
WHITE, JR. 
∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor another of our Lowcountry Vietnam Veterans, Nathan White, Jr. He grew up in the area known as Liberty Hill, SC. As a young boy growing up, he embedded in his heart a desire to be a U.S. Marine. His mother gave her final blessing upon his graduation from Bonds-Wilson High School, and Nathan went to training at Parris Island before being deployed to Vietnam. 
Private White gave his life while sav-
ing a fellow Marine at the age of 19 years old. His influence continues today in the lives of his family mem-bers who have extended his love of serving our county. His oldest nephew Alfred Green serves in Germany and his niece Lt. Col. Antoinette Sheppard proudly serves at Joint Base Charles-ton. 
We are also honored to recognize his 
sister Alfreda Levaine, who not only helped raise her brother but also took a stand and marched with Mrs. Coretta Scott King in 1969. As she passionately puts it, ‘‘you have to stand for some-thing during your life to make a dif-ference.’’ 
It is with pride and honor we recog-
nize Private Nathan White, Jr. and his family. We will never forget his sac-rifice. ∑ 
f 
BUDGET OF THE UNITED STATES 
GOVERNMENT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—PM 3 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred jointly, pur-suant to the order of January 30, 1975 as modified by the order of April 11, 1986; to the Committees on Appropria-tions; and the Budget: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
After a breakthrough year for Amer-
ica, our economy is growing and cre-ating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999, and in 58 months we have created over 11 million jobs. Our unemploy-
ment rate is now lower than it was be-fore the financial crisis. More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before. We are as free from the grip of foreign oil as we’ve been in al-most 30 years. Thanks to the hard work, resilience, and determination of the American people over the last six years, the shadow of crisis has passed. 
With a growing economy, shrinking 
deficits, bustling industry, and boom-ing energy production, we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other Nation on Earth. It’s now up to us to choose what kind of country we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come. Will we accept an economy where pros-perity belongs to a few and opportunity remains out of reach for too many? Or will we commit ourselves to an econ-omy that generates rising incomes and chances for everyone who makes the ef-fort? 
Over the last six years, we’ve seen 
that middle-class economic works. We’ve reaffirmed one of our most fun-damental values as Americans: that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, does their fair share, and plays by the same set of rules. 
The ideas I offer in this Budget are 
designed to bring middle-class eco-nomic into the 21st Century. These pro-posals are practical, not partisan. They’ll help working families feel more secure with paychecks that go further, help American workers upgrade their skills, so they can compete for higher- paying jobs, and help create the condi-tions for our businesses to keep gener-ating good new jobs for our workers to fill. The Budget will do these things while fulfilling our most basic respon-sibility to keep Americans safe. We will make these investments and end the harmful spending cuts known as se-questration, by cutting inefficient spending, and closing tax loopholes. We will also put our Nation on a more sus-tainable fiscal path by achieving $1.8 trillion in deficit reduction, primarily from reforms in health programs, our tax code, and immigration. 
First, middle-class economics means 
helping working families afford the cornerstones of economic security: child care, college, health care, a home, and retirement. We will help working families tackle the high costs of child care and make ends meet by tripling the maximum child care credit for middle-class families with young children, increasing it to up to $3,000 per child, expanding child care assist-ance to all eligible low-income families with children under four by the end of 10 years, and making preschool avail-able to all four-year-olds. 
The Budget also provides middle- 
class families more flexibility at work by encouraging States to develop paid family leave programs. Today, we’re the only advanced country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave to our workers. Forty-three million workers have no paid sick leave, which forces too many 
parents to make the gut-wrenching choice between a paycheck and a sick 
kid at home. It’s time to change that. For many families in today’s economy, having both parents in the workforce isn’t a luxury, it’s an economic neces-sity. 
Second, middle-class economics 
means making sure more Americans have the chance to learn the skills and education they need to keep earning higher wages down the road. The Budg-et calls for new investments and inno-vation that will expand preschool and invest in high-quality early education for America’s youngest learners, pro-vide more help to disadvantaged stu-dents and the schools that serve them, better prepare and support teachers, and transform our high schools so they help all students graduate prepared for college and career. 
In a 21st Century economy that re-
wards knowledge more than ever, our efforts must reach higher than high school. By the end of this decade, two- thirds of job openings will require some higher education, and no American should be priced out of the education they need. Over the course of my Ad-ministration, we have increased Pell Grants, and the Budget continues to ensure that they will keep pace with 
inflation over time. The Budget also includes a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college tuition for responsible students, to zero. Forty percent of college students attend com-munity college; some to learn a par-ticular skill, others as a path to a four- year degree. It is time for two years of college to become as free and universal in America as high school is today. 
Even as we help give our students the 
chance to succeed, we also must work together to give our workers the chance to retool. Last year, the Con-gress came together and passed impor-tant improvements to the Nation’s job training system with the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. To build on this progress, the pro-posals in this Budget support more in- person career counseling for unem-ployed workers and double the number of workers receiving training through the workforce development system. My plan would also expand the successful ‘‘learn-as-you-earn’’ approaches that our European counterparts use success-fully by investing in the expansion of registered apprenticeships that allow workers to learn new skills while they are earning a paycheck. The Budget would also ensure that training leads to high-quality jobs by investing in projects that feature strong employer partnerships, include work-based learn-ing, and develop new employer-vali-dated credentials. 
As we welcome home a new genera-
tion of returning heroes, the Budget makes sure they have the chance to live the American Dream they helped defend. It invests in the five pillars I have outlined to support our Nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.001 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S696 February 2, 2015 
veterans: providing the resources and 
funding they deserve; ensuring high- quality and timely health care; getting veterans their earned benefits quickly and efficiently; ending veteran home-lessness; and helping veterans and their families get good jobs, education, and access to affordable housing. 
Third, middle-class economics means 
creating the kind of environment that 
helps businesses start here, stay here, and hire here. We want to build on the growth we have seen in the manufac-turing sector, where more than 750,000 new jobs have been created over the last 58 months. To create jobs, con-tinue growth in the industry, and strengthen America’s leadership in ad-vanced manufacturing technology, the Budget funds a national network of 45 manufacturing institutes, building on the nine already funded through 2015, As part of the manufacturing initia-tive, the Budget also launches a Scale- Up Fund, funded through a public-pri-vate partnership to help ensure that if a technology is invented in the United States, it can be made in the United States. The Budget proposes an invest-ment fund to help startup companies produce the goods they have developed. Taken together, these investments will help ensure that America keeps mak-ing things the rest of the world wants to buy and will also help create manu-facturing jobs for the future. 
Our Nation thrives when we are lead-
ing the world with cutting-edge tech-nology in manufacturing, infrastruc-ture, clean energy, and other growing fields. That is why the Budget includes investments in cutting-edge advanced manufacturing research—to make sure we are leading the way in creating technology that supports our manufac-turing sector; biomedical research— like our BRAIN initiative, which stud-ies the brain to offer new insight into diseases like Alzheimer’s, and Preci-sion Medicine, which can improve health outcomes and better treat dis-eases; or, agricultural research—look-ing at climate resilience and sustain-ability. These investments have the po-tential to create high-wage jobs, im-prove lives, and open the door to new industries, resulting in sustainable eco-nomic growth. 
As our economy continues to grow, 
our Nation’s businesses and workers also need a stronger infrastructure that works in the new economy—mod-ern ports, stronger bridges, better roads, faster trains, and better broadband. The Budget proposes to build a 21st Century infrastructure that creates jobs for thousands of con-struction workers and engineers, con-nects hardworking Americans to their jobs, and makes it easier for businesses to transport goods. The Budget would do more to repair and modernize our existing roads and bridges, while ex-panding transit systems to link com-munities and support workers. 
These proposals will put more money 
in middle-class pockets, raise wages, and bring more high-paying jobs to America. To pay for them, the Budget 
will cut inefficient spending and close tax loopholes to make sure that every-one pays their fair share. The Budget closes loopholes that punish businesses investing domestically and reward companies that keep profits abroad, and uses some of the savings created to rebuild our aging infrastructure. The Budget closes loopholes that perpet-uate inequality by allowing the top one percent of Americans to avoid paying any taxes on their accumulated wealth and uses that money to help more young people go to college. The Budget simplifies the system so that a small business owner can file based on her ac-tual bank statement, instead of the 
number of accountants she can afford. It is time for tax reform that at its core is about helping working families afford child care and college, and plan for retirement, and above all, get a leg up in the new economy. 
Of course, we cannot separate our 
work here at home from challenges be-yond our shores. By winding down the wars overseas and lowering war spend-ing, we’ve strengthened our economy and shrunk our deficits. But we still face threats to our security that we must address. 
The Budget supports our efforts to 
degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL. We are leading over 60 partners in a global effort that will take time and steady resolve. As I made clear in my State of the Union address, I am call-ing on the Congress to show the world that we are united in this mission by passing a bill to authorize the use of force against ISIL. 
The Budget supports our efforts to 
counter Russian pressure and aggres-sive actions in concert with our Euro-pean allies, by funding support for Ukraine’s democracy and efforts to re-assure our NATO allies. 
We also must look beyond the issues 
that have consumed us in the past to shape the coming century. This Budget provides the resources we need to de-fend the Nation against cyber-attacks. No foreign nation, no hacker, should be able to shut down our networks, steal our trade secrets, or invade the privacy of American families. In addition to in-creasing funding to protect our Nation against cyber-attacks, I continue to urge the Congress to finally pass the legislation we need to meet this evolv-ing threat. 
The Budget invests in our efforts to 
confront the threat posed by infectious diseases like Ebola—here at home, and internationally. It provides resources to support the Global Health Security Agenda, increases funding to eradicate polio and other global health chal-lenges, and creates a new Impact Fund for targeted global HIV/AIDS efforts. In addition, the Budget increases fund-ing for domestic preparedness efforts to more effectively and efficiently re-spond to potential, future outbreaks here at home and dedicates funding for States to develop HIV Plans to help them reach the goals of the National HIV/AIDS Strategy. The Budget also capitalizes on his-
toric opportunities in Asia and the Pa-cific—where we are modernizing alli-ances, opening new markets, and mak-ing sure that other nations play by the rules—in how they trade, resolve dis-putes, and do their part to confront the biggest challenges we face. 
No challenge poses a greater threat 
to future generations than climate change. Fourteen of our planet’s 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century. The world’s best scientists are telling us that our activities are changing the climate, and if we do not act forcefully, we’ll continue to see rising oceans, longer, hotter heat waves, dangerous 
droughts and floods, and massive dis-ruptions that can trigger greater mi-gration, conflict, and hunger around the globe. The Pentagon says that cli-mate change poses immediate risks to our national security. And as discussed in the Budget, the significant costs to inaction on climate change hit the Federal Government’s bottom-line di-rectly, as worsening climate impacts create Government liabilities. That’s why this Budget takes action on cli-mate by supporting the Climate Action Plan that I released in 2013 with invest-ments to accelerate carbon pollution reductions, to build on-the-ground partnerships with local communities and help them put in place strategies for greater resilience to climate change impacts, and to support America’s leadership abroad on this important moral and fiscal issue. 
Beyond these critical investments, 
the Budget also supports my Manage-ment Agenda, which seeks to create a Government for the future that is more efficient, effective, and supportive of economic growth. The Budget includes initiatives to improve the service we provide to the American public; to le-verage the Federal Government’s buy-ing power to bring more value and effi-ciency to how we use taxpayer dollars; to open Government data and research to the private sector to drive innova-tion and economic growth; to promote smarter information technology; and, to attract and retain the best talent in the Federal workforce. The Budget in-cludes proposals to consolidate and re-organize Government agencies to make them leaner and more efficient, and it increases the use of evidence and eval-uation to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent wisely on programs that work. 
The Congress can also help grow the 
economy, reduce deficits, and strength-en Social Security by passing com-prehensive immigration reform. Last year, I took a series of executive ac-tions to crack down on illegal immi-gration at the border; prioritize deport-ing felons, not families; and allow cer-tain undocumented immigrants who register and pass criminal and national security background checks to start paying their fair share of taxes and stay in the United States without fear of deportation. I also took action to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.007 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S697 February 2, 2015 
streamline the legal immigration sys-
tem for talented STEM students, entre-preneurs, and business. These actions will raise average wages for all Amer-ican workers and reduce the deficit. But this is only a first step toward real reform, and as I have said before, the Congress should act on the more com-prehensive reform that only changes in the law can provide. Independent economists say immigration reform will grow our economy and shrink our deficits by almost $1 trillion over 20 years. It is time to fix our broken sys-tem and help grow our economy by passing comprehensive immigration re-form. 
The Budget also builds on the 
progress we have made ensuring that every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health insurance. The Affordable Care Act has helped to provide millions more Americans get covered. It has forced insurance companies to play by the rules by prohibiting discrimination for pre-existing conditions and elimi-nating lifetime insurance caps. It has also helped to put our Nation on a more sustainable fiscal path by slowing the growth of health care costs. The Budget includes additional reforms and cost saving proposals to continue en-couraging high-quality and efficient health care. 
This Budget shows what we can do if 
we invest in America’s future and com-mit ourselves to an economy that re-wards hard work, generates rising in-comes, and allows everyone to share in the prosperity of a growing America. It lays out a strategy to strengthen our middle class, and help America’s hard- working families get ahead in a time of relentless economic and technological change. 
Fifteen years into this new century, 
and six years after the darkest days of the financial crisis, we have picked ourselves up, dusted ourselves off, and begun again the work of remaking America. We’ve laid a new foundation. A brighter future is ours to write. This Budget will help us begin this new chapter together. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , February 2, 2015. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
S. 338. A bill to permanently reauthorize 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 339. A bill to repeal the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 entirely. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–499. A communication from the Direc-
tor, National Institute of Food and Agri-culture, Department of Agriculture, trans-
mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hispanic-Serving Agricultural Col-leges and Universities (HSACU)’’ (RIN0524– AA39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–500. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Adding 20 Coral Species to the List of Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018– BA63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–501. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Privacy Of-fice 2014 Annual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–502. A communication from the Deputy 
Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Closed-Cir-cuit Escape Respirators; Extension of Tran-sition Period’’ (RIN0920–AA60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–503. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report on H–1B Petitions’’ for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–504. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2014 Data Mining Report to Congress’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. 
PAUL, Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. C RUZ): 
S. 327. A bill to provide for auditable finan-
cial statements for the Department of De-fense, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
L
EE, and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 328. A bill to amend the Trademark Act 
of 1946 to provide for the registration of marks consisting of a flag, coat of arms, or other insignia of the United States, or any State or local government, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 329. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic 
Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. 
S
TABENOW ): 
S. 330. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for contributions of qualified conservation contributions, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , 
Mr. B ENNET , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. 
RISCH): 
S. 331. A bill to amend the Radiation Expo-
sure Compensation Act to improve com-pensation for workers involved in uranium mining, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. S
CHUMER ): 
S. 332. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to make permanent the extension of the Medicare-dependent hos-pital (MDH) program and the increased pay-ments under the Medicare low-volume hos-pital program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. 
LEE, Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. 333. A bill to require that any debt limit 
increase be balanced by equal spending cuts over the next decade; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. E NZI, Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. L EE, Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. 
TOOMEY ): 
S. 334. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to provide for automatic con-tinuing resolutions; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Mr. B URR, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
ROBERTS , and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 335. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. P AUL, Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
SCOTT, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. P ERDUE , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. C OATS , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. F LAKE , 
Mrs. E RNST , Mr. D AINES , Mr. T HUNE , 
Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
BURR, Mr. L EE, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. S HELBY , Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. C OTTON , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. S ES-
SIONS ): 
S. 336. A bill to repeal the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 entirely; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 337. A bill to improve the Freedom of In-
formation Act; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. B
EN-
NET): 
S. 338. A bill to permanently reauthorize 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund; read the first time. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. P AUL, Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
SCOTT, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. P ERDUE , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. C OATS , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. F LAKE , 
Mrs. E RNST , Mr. D AINES , Mr. T HUNE , 
Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
BURR, Mr. L EE, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. S HELBY , Mr. R OBERTS , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.008 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S698 February 2, 2015 
Mr. C OTTON , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
RISCH): 
S. 339. A bill to repeal the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 entirely; read the first time. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. Res. 61. A resolution honoring the life 
and legacy of Peggy Charren; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. 
MORAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P ETERS , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. 
UDALL ): 
S. Res. 62. A resolution designating the 
week beginning on February 8 , 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 167 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from North Da-
kota (Mr. H OEVEN ), the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Mr. J OHNSON ), the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) and the 
Senator from Washington (Ms. C ANT-
WELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
167, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the con-duct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 176 
At the request of Mr. R EID, his name 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 176, a bill to advance integrated water man-agement and development through in-novation, resiliency, conservation, and efficiency in the 21st century, and for other purposes. 
S. 197 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) and the 
Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 197, a bill to amend the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States to improve delivery of high-quality assessments, and for other purposes. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 198, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from North 
Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 207, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use ex-isting authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 240 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
240, a bill to promote competition, to preserve the ability of local govern-ments to provide broadband capability and services, and for other purposes. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Wyo-
ming (Mr. B ARRASSO ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient serv-ices. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification re-quirement for inpatient critical access hospital services. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Arkan-
sas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 270 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 270, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to revise the defi-nition of spouse for purposes of vet-erans benefits in recognition of new State definitions of spouse, and for other purposes. 
S. 273 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L EE) was 
added as a cosponsor of S. 273, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the intentional discrimination of a person or organization by an em-ployee of the Internal Revenue Service. 
S. 274 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 274, a bill to 
prohibit the Department of the Treas-ury from assigning tax statuses to or-ganizations based on their political be-liefs and activities. 
S. 293 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 293, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to establish a proce-dure for approval of certain settle-ments. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 316 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 316, a bill to amend the charter school program under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
S. 322 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 322, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-clude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their depend-ents from gross income. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. G RASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B URR, Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. 
CARDIN ): 
S. 335. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I am 
glad to be joined by Senator C
ASEY of 
Pennsylvania in introducing bipartisan legislation to improve upon the already immensely successful college 529 sav-ings programs. Those are savings plans to go to college. The 529 plans have helped millions earn a college degree without piling up a mountain of debt. These plans have long had strong bi-partisan support, and I am glad the in-troduction of this bill today continues that tradition. 
Given the bipartisan nature of 529 
plans, it came as a shock to me, and I am sure to most of my colleagues, when the President put forth a pro-posal that would undermine years of hard work toward making savings for college as accessible as it is today. Col-lege savings vehicles, we now know by the Tax Code section—that is where section 529 comes from—were first started by States in the late 1980s. However, it was only after a bipartisan effort led by then-Senator Bob Graham of Florida and Senator M
CCONNELL , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.004 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S699 February 2, 2015 
now our majority leader, in 1996 that 
these savings plans were finally en-shrined in section 529 of the Tax Code. 
By recognizing college savings plans 
in the Tax Code, States and partici-pants could now be certain about the favorable tax treatment they would re-ceive and thus the plans flourished. During this time, individuals’ parents and grandparents were able to con-tribute to savings plans with certainty that the college savings for themselves and their loved ones would accumulate tax free. However, while 529 plans could accumulate interest tax free, tax was still owed once money was distributed to pay for college. 
So in 2001, as chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee, I worked with Sen-ator Baucus of Montana and others to advance a proposal to further enhance college savings by excluding distribu-tions from 529 plans from income tax so long as the money was used to pay for college education costs. We were then successful in making this provision permanent in the tax law as part of the Pension Protection Act of 2006. 
This change helped 529 plans take off 
to even new heights. From 2001 to 2002 assets in these plans doubled from $13 billion to $26 billion and totalled near-ly $245 billion by July last year. The total number of accounts also nearly doubled. The number of accounts in-creased from 2.4 million in 2001 to 4.4 million in 2002 and increased to nearly 12 million by July of last year. 
The misguided proposal put forth in 
the President’s State of the Union Ad-dress has a potential to reverse these gains by once again subjecting dis-tributions to tax. The policy rationale given by the President was that too much of the benefit for 529 plans went to more affluent households and indi-viduals. I believe a big reason the President’s proposal was met with bi-partisan disapproval is that we all know firsthand through communica-tions with our constituents back home that the typical family with a 529 ac-count is one with only modest means. We hear about how they have scrimped and pinched pennies so they could put money away for their child’s college. They have a dream of sending their child to college and graduating without a crushing amount of debt holding them back as they start their new ca-reer post-college. 
Data from the College Savings Plans 
Network backs up this anecdotal evi-dence that we receive at the grassroots from our constituents. On a national basis the average account balance is under $21,000 and for Iowans the aver-age balance is slightly lower than $17,878. This is obviously hard evidence that a typical family contributing to a 529 account is far from being part of the wealthy elite the President wants us to believe they are. 
A private study commissioned by the 
College Savings Foundation further demonstrates that these accounts are largely held by middle-class families. According to this study, about 10 per-cent of 529 accounts are owned by 
households with income below $50,000, over 70 percent are owned by house-holds with income below $150,000, and almost 95 percent of 529 accounts are in households with incomes below $250,000. 
The bill I introduced today with 
Democratic Senator C
ASEY will help 
build on the success that has so far been achieved by increasing the attractiveness of 529 plans. 
This bill has three primary provi-
sions: 
The first provision recognizes the re-
ality that in today’s world a computer is just as much a necessary educational tool—and the expense associated with it—as a required class textbook. As such, this bill allows 529 funds to pur-chase a computer on the same tax pay-roll basis as other required materials. 
The second provision eliminates an 
outdated and unnecessary aggregation rule that increases paperwork and costs for plan administrators. 
The final provision provides tax and 
penalty relief in instances where a stu-dent may have to withdraw from school for illness or other reasons. Under current law, any refunds from the college are subject to immediate taxation and a 10-percent tax penalty. This provision eliminates this tax and penalty if the refund is redeposited in a 529 account. This permits a family to set the refund aside to pay for the stu-dent’s education should that student be able to return to college or to use it for another family member. 
The reforms in 529 plans included in 
Senator C
ASEY ’s and my bill are very 
modest but will help keep administra-tive costs low and provide a little extra incentive for parents to put money away for their child’s education. The bill further demonstrates a renewed bi-partisan commitment to 529 plans that will hopefully help erase concerns some may have in contributing to 529s given the President’s misguided proposal. 
I hope Congress will act on this legis-
lation and speak with a loud bipartisan voice on its commitment to college savings. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
LEAHY , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 337. A bill to improve the Freedom 
of Information Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 337 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FOIA Im-
provement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO FOIA. 
Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘for public inspection and copying’’ and inserting ‘‘for public inspec-tion in an electronic format’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(D) copies of all records, regardless of 
form or format— 
‘‘(i) that have been released to any person 
under paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(ii)(I) that because of the nature of their 
subject matter, the agency determines have become or are likely to become the subject of subsequent requests for substantially the same records; or 
‘‘(II) that have been requested 3 or more 
times; and’’; and 
(iii) in the undesignated matter following 
subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘public inspec-tion and copying current’’ and inserting ‘‘public inspection in an electronic format current’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking clause 
(viii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(viii)(I) Except as provided in subclause 
(II), an agency shall not assess any search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, du-plication fees) under this subparagraph if the agency has failed to comply with any time limit under paragraph (6). 
‘‘(II)(aa) If an agency has determined that 
unusual circumstances apply (as the term is defined in paragraph (6)(B)) and the agency provided a timely written notice to the re-quester in accordance with paragraph (6)(B), a failure described in subclause (I) is excused for an additional 10 days. If the agency fails to comply with the extended time limit, the agency may not assess any search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, duplica-tion fees). 
‘‘(bb) If an agency has determined that un-
usual circumstances apply and more than 50,000 pages are necessary to respond to the request, an agency may charge search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, duplica-tion fees) if the agency has provided a timely written notice to the requester in accordance with paragraph (6)(B) and the agency has dis-cussed with the requester via written mail, electronic mail, or telephone (or made not less than 3 good-faith attempts to do so) how the requester could effectively limit the scope of the request in accordance with para-graph (6)(B)(ii). 
‘‘(cc) If a court has determined that excep-
tional circumstances exist (as that term is defined in paragraph (6)(C)), a failure de-
scribed in subclause (I) shall be excused for the length of time provided by the court order.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘making such request’’ and all that follows through ‘‘determination; and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘making such request of—’’ 
‘‘(I) such determination and the reasons 
therefor; 
‘‘(II) the right of such person to seek as-
sistance from the FOIA Public Liaison of the agency; and 
‘‘(III) in the case of an adverse determina-
tion— 
‘‘(aa) the right of such person to appeal to 
the head of the agency, within a period de-termined by the head of the agency that is not less than 90 days after the date of such adverse determination; and 
‘‘(bb) the right of such person to seek dis-
pute resolution services from the FOIA Pub-lic Liaison of the agency or the Office of Government Information Services; and’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘the agency.’’ and inserting ‘‘the agency, and notify the requester of the right of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.014 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S700 February 2, 2015 
requester to seek dispute resolution services 
from the Office of Government Information Services.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(8)(A) An agency— 
‘‘(i) shall— ‘‘(I) withhold information under this sec-
tion only if— 
‘‘(aa) the agency reasonably foresees that 
disclosure would harm an interest protected by an exemption described in subsection (b) or other provision of law; or 
‘‘(bb) disclosure is prohibited by law; and ‘‘(II)(aa) consider whether partial disclo-
sure of information is possible whenever the agency determines that a full disclosure of a requested record is not possible; and 
‘‘(bb) take reasonable steps necessary to 
segregate and release nonexempt informa-tion; and 
‘‘(ii) may not— ‘‘(I) withhold information requested under 
this section merely because the agency can demonstrate, as a technical matter, that the records fall within the scope of an exemption described in subsection (b); or 
‘‘(II) withhold information requested under 
this section merely because disclosure of the information may be embarrassing to the agency or because of speculative or abstract concerns. 
‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph requires 
disclosure of information that is otherwise prohibited from disclosure by law, or other-wise exempted from disclosure under sub-section (b)(3).’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by amending para-
graph (5) to read as follows: 
‘‘(5) inter-agency or intra-agency memo-
randums or letters that would not be avail-able by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with the agency, if the re-quested record or information was created less than 25 years before the date on which the request was made;’’; 
(3) in subsection (e) (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘and to the Director of the Office of Government Information Services’’ after ‘‘United States’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (N), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iii) in subparagraph (O), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) the number of times the agency de-
nied a request for records under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(Q) the number of records that were made 
available for public inspection in an elec-tronic format under subsection (a)(2).’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) Each agency shall make each such re-
port available for public inspection in an electronic format. In addition, each agency shall make the raw statistical data used in each report available in a timely manner for public inspection in an electronic format, which shall be made available— 
‘‘(A) without charge, license, or registra-
tion requirement; 
‘‘(B) in an aggregated, searchable format; 
and 
‘‘(C) in a format that may be downloaded 
in bulk.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Government Reform and 
Oversight’’ and inserting ‘‘Oversight and Government Reform’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘Homeland Security and’’ 
before ‘‘Governmental Affairs’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘April’’ and inserting 
‘‘March’’; and 
(D) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting 
the following: ‘‘(6)(A) The Attorney General of the United 
States shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Judiciary of the Senate, and the President a report on or before March 1 of each calendar year, which shall include for the prior cal-
endar year— 
‘‘(i) a listing of the number of cases arising 
under this section; 
‘‘(ii) a listing of— ‘‘(I) each subsection, and any exemption, if 
applicable, involved in each case arising under this section; 
‘‘(II) the disposition of each case arising 
under this section; and 
‘‘(III) the cost, fees, and penalties assessed 
under subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) of sub-section (a)(4); and 
‘‘(iii) a description of the efforts under-
taken by the Department of Justice to en-courage agency compliance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) The Attorney General of the United 
States shall make— 
‘‘(i) each report submitted under subpara-
graph (A) available for public inspection in an electronic format; and 
‘‘(ii) the raw statistical data used in each 
report submitted under subparagraph (A) available for public inspection in an elec-tronic format, which shall be made avail-able— 
‘‘(I) without charge, license, or registra-
tion requirement; 
‘‘(II) in an aggregated, searchable format; 
and 
‘‘(III) in a format that may be downloaded 
in bulk.’’; 
(4) in subsection (g), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘publicly available upon request’’ and inserting ‘‘avail-able for public inspection in an electronic format’’; 
(5) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘The head of the Office shall be the Director of the Office of Government Information Services.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) identify procedures and methods for 
improving compliance under this section.’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) The Office of Government Information 
Services shall offer mediation services to re-solve disputes between persons making re-quests under this section and administrative agencies as a non-exclusive alternative to litigation and may issue advisory opinions at the discretion of the Office or upon request of any party to a dispute.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4)(A) Not less frequently than annually, 
the Director of the Office of Government In-formation Services shall submit to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the President— 
‘‘(i) a report on the findings of the informa-
tion reviewed and identified under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(ii) a summary of the activities of the Of-
fice of Government Information Services under paragraph (3), including— 
‘‘(I) any advisory opinions issued; and ‘‘(II) the number of times each agency en-
gaged in dispute resolution with the assist-ance of the Office of Government Informa-tion Services or the FOIA Public Liaison; and 
‘‘(iii) legislative and regulatory rec-
ommendations, if any, to improve the admin-istration of this section. 
‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Govern-
ment Information Services shall make each report submitted under subparagraph (A) 
available for public inspection in an elec-
tronic format. 
‘‘(C) The Director of the Office of Govern-
ment Information Services shall not be re-quired to obtain the prior approval, com-ment, or review of any officer or agency of the United States, including the Department of Justice, the Archivist of the United States, or the Office of Management and Budget before submitting to Congress, or any committee or subcommittee thereof, any reports, recommendations, testimony, or comments, if such submissions include a 
statement indicating that the views ex-pressed therein are those of the Director and do not necessarily represent the views of the President. 
‘‘(5) The Director of the Office of Govern-
ment Information Services may directly sub-mit additional information to Congress and the President as the Director determines to be appropriate. 
‘‘(6) Not less frequently than annually, the 
Office of Government Information Services shall conduct a meeting that is open to the public on the review and reports by the Of-fice and shall allow interested persons to ap-pear and present oral or written statements at the meeting.’’; 
(6) by striking subsections (i), (j), and (k), 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) The Government Accountability Office 
shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of the FOIA Improvement Act of 2015 and every 2 years thereafter, conduct audits of 3 or more administrative agencies on compliance with and implementation of the requirements of this section and issue re-ports detailing the results of such audits; 
‘‘(2) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of the FOIA Improvement Act of 2015 and every 2 years thereafter, issue a re-port cataloging the number of exemptions described in paragraphs (3) and (5) of sub-section (b) and the use of such exemptions by each agency; 
‘‘(3) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of the FOIA Improvement Act of 2015, conduct a study on the methods Federal agencies use to reduce the backlog of re-quests under this section and issue a report on the effectiveness of those methods; and 
‘‘(4) submit copies of all reports and audits 
described in this subsection to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. 
‘‘(j)(1) Each agency shall designate a Chief 
FOIA Officer who shall be a senior official of such agency (at the Assistant Secretary or equivalent level). 
‘‘(2) The Chief FOIA Officer of each agency 
shall, subject to the authority of the head of the agency— 
‘‘(A) have agency-wide responsibility for 
efficient and appropriate compliance with this section; 
‘‘(B) monitor implementation of this sec-
tion throughout the agency and keep the head of the agency, the chief legal officer of the agency, and the Attorney General appro-priately informed of the agency’s perform-ance in implementing this section; 
‘‘(C) recommend to the head of the agency 
such adjustments to agency practices, poli-cies, personnel, and funding as may be nec-essary to improve its implementation of this section; 
‘‘(D) review and report to the Attorney 
General, through the head of the agency, at such times and in such formats as the Attor-ney General may direct, on the agency’s per-formance in implementing this section; 
‘‘(E) facilitate public understanding of the 
purposes of the statutory exemptions of this section by including concise descriptions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.018 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S701 February 2, 2015 
the exemptions in both the agency’s hand-
book issued under subsection (g), and the agency’s annual report on this section, and by providing an overview, where appropriate, of certain general categories of agency records to which those exemptions apply; 
‘‘(F) offer training to agency staff regard-
ing their responsibilities under this section; 
‘‘(G) serve as the primary agency liaison 
with the Office of Government Information Services and the Office of Information Pol-icy; and 
‘‘(H) designate 1 or more FOIA Public Liai-
sons. 
‘‘(3) The Chief FOIA Officer of each agency 
shall review, not less frequently than annu-ally, all aspects of the administration of this section by the agency to ensure compliance with the requirements of this section, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) agency regulations; ‘‘(B) disclosure of records required under 
paragraphs (2) and (8) of subsection (a); 
‘‘(C) assessment of fees and determination 
of eligibility for fee waivers; 
‘‘(D) the timely processing of requests for 
information under this section; 
‘‘(E) the use of exemptions under sub-
section (b); and 
‘‘(F) dispute resolution services with the 
assistance of the Office of Government Infor-mation Services or the FOIA Public Liaison. 
‘‘(k)(1) There is established in the execu-
tive branch the Chief FOIA Officers Council (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Coun-cil’). 
‘‘(2) The Council shall be comprised of the 
following members: 
‘‘(A) The Deputy Director for Management 
of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Informa-
tion Policy at the Department of Justice. 
‘‘(C) The Director of the Office of Govern-
ment Information Services. 
‘‘(D) The Chief FOIA Officer of each agen-
cy. 
‘‘(E) Any other officer or employee of the 
United States as designated by the Co- Chairs. 
‘‘(3) The Director of the Office of Informa-
tion Policy at the Department of Justice and the Director of the Office of Government In-formation Services shall be the Co-Chairs of the Council. 
‘‘(4) The Administrator of General Services 
shall provide administrative and other sup-port for the Council. 
‘‘(5)(A) The duties of the Council shall in-
clude the following: 
‘‘(i) Develop recommendations for increas-
ing compliance and efficiency under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(ii) Disseminate information about agen-
cy experiences, ideas, best practices, and in-novative approaches related to this section. 
‘‘(iii) Identify, develop, and coordinate ini-
tiatives to increase transparency and com-pliance with this section. 
‘‘(iv) Promote the development and use of 
common performance measures for agency compliance with this section. 
‘‘(B) In performing the duties described in 
subparagraph (A), the Council shall consult on a regular basis with members of the pub-lic who make requests under this section. 
‘‘(6)(A) The Council shall meet regularly 
and such meetings shall be open to the pub-lic unless the Council determines to close the meeting for reasons of national security or to discuss information exempt under sub-section (b). 
‘‘(B) Not less frequently than annually, the 
Council shall hold a meeting that shall be open to the public and permit interested per-sons to appear and present oral and written statements to the Council. 
‘‘(C) Not later than 10 business days before 
a meeting of the Council, notice of such meeting shall be published in the Federal 
Register. 
‘‘(D) Except as provided in subsection (b), 
the records, reports, transcripts, minutes, appendices, working papers, drafts, studies, agenda, or other documents that were made available to or prepared for or by the Council shall be made publicly available. 
‘‘(E) Detailed minutes of each meeting of 
the Council shall be kept and shall contain a record of the persons present, a complete and accurate description of matters discussed and conclusions reached, and copies of all re-ports received, issued, or approved by the Council. The minutes shall be redacted as necessary and made publicly available.’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m)(1) The Director of the Office of Man-
agement and Budget, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall ensure the oper-ation of a consolidated online request portal that allows a member of the public to submit a request for records under subsection (a) to any agency from a single website. The portal may include any additional tools the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget finds will improve the implementation of this section. 
‘‘(2) This subsection shall not be construed 
to alter the power of any other agency to create or maintain an independent online portal for the submission of a request for records under this section. The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall establish standards for interoperability be-tween the portal required under paragraph (1) and other request processing software used by agencies subject to this section.’’. 
SEC. 3. REVIEW AND ISSUANCE OF REGULA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency (as defined in section 551 of title 5, United States Code) shall review the regulations of such agency and shall issue regulations on procedures for the dis-closure of records under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, in accordance with the amendments made by section 2. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations of 
each agency shall include procedures for en-gaging in dispute resolution through the FOIA Public Liaison and the Office of Gov-ernment Information Services. 
SEC. 4. PROACTIVE DISCLOSURE THROUGH 
RECORDS MANAGEMENT. 
Section 3102 of title 44, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) procedures for identifying records of 
general interest or use to the public that are appropriate for public disclosure, and for posting such records in a publicly accessible electronic format;’’. 
SEC. 5. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry 
out the requirements of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. The require-ments of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized or appro-priated. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am 
proud to once again join with Senator C
ORNYN to introduce the FOIA Im-
provement Act, a bipartisan bill that will make our Federal government more accountable to all Americans by strengthening the Freedom of Informa-tion Act, FOIA. 
Senator C
ORNYN and I introduced an 
almost identical bill last year, and de-spite it passing the Senate unani-mously, the House failed to act. This 
was deeply disappointing, and was a missed opportunity for Congress. But Senator C
ORNYN and I have worked to-
gether for more than a decade to make our government more open, through Democratic and Republican adminis-trations and Republican and Demo-cratic-led Congresses. We have a strong partnership, and we will not quit. We are determined to make progress on creating a more open and transparent government for all Americans. 
The FOIA Improvement Act of 2015 
codifies what President Obama laid out in his historic 2009 memorandum by re-quiring Federal agencies to adopt a ‘‘Presumption of Openness’’ when con-
sidering the release of government in-formation under FOIA. Under this bill, when considering FOIA requests Fed-eral agencies must find a reasonable foreseeable harm in order to invoke a discretionary exemption and withhold information from the public. The gov-ernment should always err on the side of disclosure. Our legislation also pro-vides additional independence to the Office of Government Information Services, OGIS, an office created by the Leahy-Cornyn OPEN Government Act in 2007 that helps mediate disputes be-tween the Federal Government and FOIA requesters. Finally, our legisla-tion will limit the use of Exemption 5 by placing a 25 year limitation on in-formation covered by the exemption. 
I have fought for years to make our 
government more open and trans-parent. Senator C
ORNYN has been an 
important partner in these efforts, and our collaboration has resulted in the enactment of several improvements to FOIA including the OPEN Government Act, the first major reform to FOIA in more than a decade; the OPEN FOIA Act, which increased the transparency of legislative exemptions to FOIA; and the Faster FOIA Act, which responded to the concerns of FOIA requestors and addressed agency delays in processing requests. 
After four decades in the Senate, I 
appreciate that legislating requires compromise. The FOIA Improvement Act of 2015 reflects the input of both sides of the aisle, the open government community, the administration, and many other stakeholders. It is the product of nearly a year of careful ne-gotiations on behalf of Senator C
ORNYN  
and me. It is supported by more than 70 public interest groups that advocate for government transparency and it had the unanimous support of the Judi-ciary Committee and the full Senate last year. Above all, it marks an his-toric step forward in our continued ef-fort to open the government by codi-fying what President Obama set out to achieve in 2009 when he said ‘‘In the face of doubt, openness prevails.’’ This is common sense, and so I urge the Senate to quickly take up and pass this bill and for the House to follow suit so we can show the American people, in a bipartisan fashion, that we are com-mitted to advancing their interests 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.018 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S702 February 2, 2015 
above special interests, no matter who 
holds control of Congress or the White House. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 61—HON-
ORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PEGGY CHARREN 
Mr. MARKEY submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 61 
Whereas Peggy Charren was born on March 
9, 1928, in New York City; 
Whereas Peggy Charren founded the Action 
for Children’s Television in 1968 to promote educational television programming for chil-dren; 
Whereas under the extraordinary leader-
ship of Peggy Charren, the Action for Chil-dren’s Television grew to a strong organiza-tion of more than 20,000 advocates for chil-dren; 
Whereas Peggy Charren and the Action for 
Children’s Television worked tirelessly for decades to establish youth-friendly edu-cational programming standards for tele-vision for children; 
Whereas Peggy Charren and the Action for 
Children’s Television played a central role in the passage of the Children’s Television Act of 1990, which established standards for chil-dren’s television by requiring television sta-tions to serve the educational needs of chil-dren in the United States; 
Whereas Peggy Charren was awarded the 
Presidential Medal of Freedom on September 29, 1995, by the 42nd President of the United States for her leadership in reforming tele-vision for children in the United States; 
Whereas Peggy Charren remained a power-
ful voice for television programming for chil-dren over the course of her entire life, con-stantly fighting for the interests of the youngest viewers in the United States; and 
Whereas the content of television for chil-
dren in the United States has been forever altered for the better thanks to the remark-able efforts of Peggy Charren: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That— 
(1) the Senate— (A) honors the lifetime of service by Peggy 
Charren to the children of the United States; 
(B) recognizes the lasting contributions 
made by Peggy Charren to the children of the United States and educational television programming worldwide; and 
(C) requests the Secretary of the Senate to 
prepare an official copy of this resolution for presentation to the family of Peggy Charren; and 
(2) when the Senate adjourns today, it 
stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of Peggy Charren. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 62—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING ON FEBRUARY 8, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL TRIBAL COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES WEEK’’ 
Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. M ORAN , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. U DALL ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 62 
Whereas there are 37 tribal colleges and 
universities operating on more than 75 cam-puses in 16 States; 
Whereas tribal colleges and universities 
are tribally or federally chartered institu-tions of higher education and therefore have a unique relationship with the Federal Gov-ernment; 
Whereas tribal colleges and universities 
serve students from more than 250 federally recognized Indian tribes; 
Whereas tribal colleges and universities 
offer students access to knowledge and skills grounded in cultural traditions and values, including indigenous languages, which en-hance Indian communities and enrich the United States as a whole; 
Whereas tribal colleges and universities 
provide access to high quality postsecondary education opportunities for American Indi-ans, Alaska Natives, and other individuals living in some of the most isolated and eco-nomically depressed areas in the United States; 
Whereas tribal colleges and universities 
are accredited institutions of higher edu-cation that effectively prepare students to succeed in their academic pursuits and in a global and highly competitive workforce; 
Whereas tribal colleges and universities 
have open enrollment policies, and approxi-mately 20 percent of the students at tribal colleges and universities are non-Indian; and 
Whereas the collective mission and consid-
erable achievements of tribal colleges and universities deserve national recognition: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week beginning on Feb-
ruary 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’; and 
(2) calls on the people of the United States 
and interested groups to observe the week with appropriate ceremonies, activities, and programs to demonstrate support for tribal colleges and universities. 
f 
NATIONAL TRIBAL COLLEGES AND 
UNIVERSITIES WEEK 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 62, which was sub-mitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 62) designating the 
week beginning on February 8, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Tribal Colleges and Universities Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 62) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) MEASURES READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 338 AND S. 339 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I under-
stand that there are two bills at the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bills by title for the first time. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (S. 338) to permanently reauthorize 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
A bill (S. 339) to repeal the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 entirely. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I now 
ask for a second reading, and I object to my own request en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bills will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the ma-jority leader, pursuant to the provi-sions of Public Law 93–112, as amended by Public Law 112–166, and further amended by Public Law 113–128, the ap-pointment of the following to serve as a member of the National Council on Disability: Neil Romano of Maryland. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 3, 2015 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m. Tuesday, February 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate will be in a period of morn-ing business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein, equally di-vided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the Republicans con-trolling the final half; that following morning business, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 6, H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt SAV Act, with the time until 12 p.m. equally divided, and following the use or yielding back of time, the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill. I ask consent that the Senate re-cess following the vote until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Reserving the 
right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Reserving the 
right to object, during the Keystone debate, the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee chair said we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.015 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S703 February 2, 2015 
should get beyond the discussion as to 
whether climate change is real— 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
for regular order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the unanimous consent re-quest? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I renew 
my unanimous consent request. I have conferred with the Senator from Rhode Island and yield to him for purposes of asking a question. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Reserving the 
right to object—it is not in the form of a question—but, as I said, during the Keystone debate, the energy com-mittee chair said we should get beyond the discussion as to whether climate change is real and talk about what do we do. I will not take more time now than to say that I hope we soon do get to that question: What do we do? 
With that, I will not object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order, following the remarks of the Senator from Alabama, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , who I understand is en route. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, to-
morrow we will vote on whether to pro-ceed to the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill, which fully funds the Department of Home-land Security and includes the law en-forcement priorities that were agreed to on a bipartisan basis in the House. It is indeed a clean bill. The House of Representatives has voted to fund fully homeland security, as the President has requested. Now, it is not a perfect bill. Repub-
licans and Democrats and individuals on both sides have different priorities on some matters, but they did come to an agreement to fund all of the pro-grams of the Department of Homeland Security and on how much they were funded—activities and actions that are authorized, however, by the laws of the United States. 
So this bill will not deny a penny of 
funding. In fact, it says: Mr. President, spend the money on enforcing and fol-lowing the law. Spend the money on enforcing the Immigration and Nation-ality Act as passed by Congress—that is the law of the United States of America. Spend the money to let our law enforcement officers carry out their duties as prescribed by the laws. 
Yet our Democratic colleagues say 
they are going to block this bill—that they will all stick together and not even let it come to the floor of the Sen-ate. Why? Why would they do that? Be-cause, they say, they want to give the President the funds, apparently, to spend on his unconstitutional and un-lawful Executive amnesty. They will not allow the bill to even be voted on, and without a vote in the Senate, the funding for Homeland Security does not go forward. They are not going to allow it to be voted on because they want to protect the President in his as-sertion of an unconstitutional and ille-gal power to order duly-constituted en-forcement officers of the U.S. Depart-ment of Homeland Security to carry out unlawful activity. 
The President is not entitled to 
spend taxpayer dollars to implement a system of immigration that Congress— representing the American people’s wishes, let me add—rejected just last year. Surely our Democratic colleagues will not block the Senate from pro-ceeding to this bill to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. If they are unhappy with the language of the bill of the House of Representatives, if they think the President wrongfully or rightfully, using legitimate powers, could direct them to provide Social Se-curity numbers, Medicare participa-tion, earned income tax credit money from the Federal Government and the right to work in the United States when the law says they are not entitled to be employed in the United States, then they can offer an amendment to the bill and bring it up on the floor of the Senate to strike that language if they think it is so bad. 
Of course, if you think about it, that 
would be a stunning event; would it not be—the Senate taking language from a bill or striking language from a bill that restores the separation of powers as properly understood by the Framers and preventing the President from vio-lating law and the constitution. They are going to vote against that? Maybe that is why they choose not to have this bill go forward. Maybe they do not want to confront the issue. 
I am going to quote Senator R
EIDin 
a moment because he said we ought to confront the issue square-on. All right, 
let’s do so. I suspect Senator R EID, 
though, and his team are not so inter-ested in having votes and being held accountable for their votes. 
Our colleagues would have the right 
to offer amendments. Senator M
CCON-
NELL is allowing amendments. He is 
going out of his way to allow amend-ments and changing the terrible state the Senate had found itself in under the leadership of Senator R
EID. Con-
sistent with the rules of the Senate, those amendments can be brought up, and a motion to strike this language is certainly appropriate. 
It is an untenable position—unten-
able constitutionally, untenable be-cause it is contrary to the will of the Members of the House and Senate who oppose the President’s action—Repub-licans and Democrats. Perhaps most importantly, it is untenable politically because the American people strongly reject it. So why would any Senator— Democrat or Republican—when the very integrity of the Congress is under assault by an overreaching executive branch, not want to assert congres-sional authority at this point? 
We are coequal branches of govern-
ment, and the President does not have the authority to enforce a law that was never passed—indeed, a law that was explicitly rejected by the Congress of the United States—and grant amnesty to people who are unlawfully here, pro-vide them work authorizations, a photo ID allowing them to apply for any job in America, with Social Security num-bers and the right to participate in So-cial Security and Medicare. That is what the President’s actions are going to do. 
This is not prosecutorial discretion— 
nowhere close to prosecutorial discre-tion. It is an Executive fiat. It is an imperial act. As the President himself said repeatedly: I am not a king; I am not an emperor. When dealing with this very issue, he told people over a period of years—20 times—that he did not have the power to do this. But then he changed his mind. Under pressure from certain political interest groups and because he couldn’t get Congress to vote for the bill he wanted, he just de-cided to do it on his own. 
This is an unthinkable overreach. It 
is a matter of great national impor-tance. The American people were en-gaged in this. They were following this issue. The President couldn’t get the constitutional process to give him the power he wanted, so he just did it any-way. 
Why can’t it be stopped? I get asked 
that. What is the matter with you peo-ple in Congress? 
Well, we had seven Members on the 
Democratic side of the aisle, still in this Senate today, who said the Presi-dent overreached. They said he shouldn’t have done this, and it should have been done by the legislature, by the Congress, not by the President. Yet are all seven of them going to vote with Senator R
EIDand become part of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.025 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S704 February 2, 2015 
the palace guard that protects the 
President in his unlawful act so the President can’t be challenged? 
That is what it amounts to. There is 
no doubt about it. That is precisely what it amounts to—a palace guard circling around the White House to protect the President, even though Members of this Senate have said he overreached and what he did was wrong. They are, apparently, going to continue to vote for it. Out of what— party loyalty? Out of loyalty to Sen-ator R
EID, the minority leader in the 
Senate? 
Well, they say—and the media even is 
saying sometimes—Democrats and oth-ers are sometimes saying that the bill contains controversial new immigra-tion riders, and therefore, it ought to be blocked. It contains unconstitu-tional or controversial new immigra-tion riders, and that is bad. That is why it ought to be blocked. 
What new policy is in the bill? What 
new expenditure is in the bill that is not consistent with the laws of the United States? Not one. The bill passed by the House carries out the essential functions in the normal orderly way of Homeland Security. It doesn’t add any pork, and it doesn’t add any special ex-penditures for some controversial project. It doesn’t do any of that. 
So if the President says that he will 
deploy his Border Patrol officers—no longer at the Mexican border where we have large flows of illegal labor—to Montana or Maine, where we have very few people, in effect, he is saying we are no longer going to enforce the bor-der there or even attempt to, and he is going to reassign them. He is saying: I am the President. They work for me. I can do such things. 
Well, would it be a controversial 
rider for the Senate, or for the House of Representatives, to say no, we prohibit funds to do that? We are going to fund the officers’ duty at the border with our Mexican neighbors where they need to be. 
The point is who is creating the con-
troversy—not the House of Representa-tives. It is the President of the United States. He has overreached, without any doubt, and the situation is very grave. 
What if the next President of the 
United States decides to do something else? Senator C
RUZ, at the hearing for 
the Attorney General nominee, Ms. Lynch, asked her: What if Mr. C
OR-
NYN—whom he was sitting by, at the 
time, the Senator from Texas—were President and he didn’t like certain labor laws that applied to people in Texas and he told his bureaucrats—who in effect work for the President of the United States—don’t enforce labor laws in Texas? 
So Senator C
RUZasked the nominee, 
Loretta Lynch, who wants to be Attor-ney General of the United States of America, whether under President Obama’s Executive amnesty theory, the next President could do that and bar the enforcement of labor laws in the State of Texas. She said she would 
have to review it. She wasn’t sure. Of course that is blatantly unconstitu-tional. It shouldn’t have taken her 5 seconds to say of course a President can’t do that. Have we gotten such a confused understanding of law in America that we are at that point that universal laws of labor are subject to the whim of a President of the United States, and even the Attorney General will not say it is wrong and even the Congress will not say no to the Presi-dent on this? 
Well, the House did say no. They 
passed a perfectly responsible funding bill for Homeland Security. They said: We are not going to allow you to spend money to advocate a policy which we have rejected—which they can do just that way: We don’t like this action. We are not going to fund this action. The Executive of this country—the Presi-dent—cannot act on it if he is pre-vented from spending money on it. It goes to the very core of the legislative process. It is what the American Revo-lution was about. It is what happened in England. They wrested this power from the King, and we adopted it in terms of the President and put the power in Congress. They had the power in Parliament. It is a big deal. 
I don’t think we are at a point where 
we need to back down on this. It is not an overreach. Those great leaders, some at Homeland Security, so con-fident in their wisdom and policy ideas, having forgotten what the rule of law is, suggest that Congress should just roll over and forget it and go on and let it happen and not be controversial by standing up to it. 
Now, look. I like Senator R
EID. We 
battle a lot. He is pugnacious, as this Politico article said, but I can live with that. I am glad he is back and I hope he is doing better and I hope he recovers fully, and I am confident he will. A Po-litico article by Mr. Burgess Everett earlier today quoted Senator R
EIDas 
saying: 
Why should we be dealing with issues that 
have nothing to do with homeland security? 
Nothing to do with homeland secu-
rity, Senator R EIDsaid. 
If my Republican colleagues have some 
problems with something the President has done on immigration, for example, hit it head on. Don’t hide it in homeland security. 
Well, the problem is Homeland Secu-
rity. The President has directed the of-ficials of Homeland Security to take money that has been authorized and appropriated for them to enforce the immigration laws of this country and to use those funds to carry out a scheme Congress has rejected. 
Under the laws of the United States 
it is illegal to hire somebody unlaw-fully in the country. There is no doubt about that. People unlawfully in the country are not entitled to participate in Social Security or Medicare. How could it be otherwise? 
So he told the Homeland Security of-
ficials to create a new office, a new building across the river in Crystal City. He directed them to hire 1,000 
new employees to process applications under his Executive amnesty, a policy Congress rejected. It is breathtaking. It is going to cost tens of millions of dollars just for that one office. That just begins to suggest how much money will have to be spent to execute his vision for immigration that the American people rejected. 
So how do we deal with it directly? 
How do we hit it on the head openly and directly? The Congress has the power of the purse. No money can be spent by this President that Congress hasn’t authorized. 
So the House discussed this. They 
went into some detail about it, worked at it for some time, and the House de-cided they would not fund this action that contradicted laws they passed and execute a policy they didn’t agree with. I think that is confronting it head on— no doubt about that—and it absolutely deals with homeland security. My goodness. So this is the kind of logic and weak arguments that are being put forth here. 
We will talk about a lot of things as 
we go forward with this debate that evidences the bankruptcy of the poli-cies carried out by this administration. 
One of the things that came out 
today as part of the President’s budget was his assumption that if his immi-gration policies are passed, we would save lots of money for the U.S. Treas-ury. Why would it save money? It would save money because we would collect more Social Security benefits, and this would create more revenue for the government and put us in a sound position to help balance the budget. 
We are not going to balance the 
budget. We are not going to come close to it, but he said a substantial amount of money would come from it. 
Colleagues, we have to understand 
what a misrepresentation of colossal enormity is at stake in that statement. Everybody knows Social Security and Medicare are on unsustainable finan-cial courses. Anybody who knows any-thing about Medicare and Social Secu-rity knows the fundamental problem is people are not putting in enough money to take care of those who retire, and so the flow is not enough. Over time it is going to get worse. We are just now beginning to go into deficit for Social Security. The disability por-tion is in critical shape. It is in very bad shape, but what this calculation is based on is the next 10 years. 
So it says we will have more income 
in the next 10 years, and that may be so. But every person who goes on So-cial Security today—and even more so in the future—are, under law, projected to take out more than they put in plus interest. So obviously add 5 million new people to the Social Security rolls and no change in the amount of money that they pay in, they make the long- term strength of Social Security even more weak. It makes the hole even deeper that we have to dig our way out of. There is no other way to analyze it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.026 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S705 February 2, 2015 
It is just unbelievable to me that they 
would make such a statement. 
Those of us in the Congress need to 
be thinking about the long-term finan-cial course of America. We need to be trying to put not just short-term bene-fits here so Congress can spend more money, but also we need to be thinking about how to place this country on a sound long-term path. Adding more people to Social Security—particularly lower income people as most of these are, who will draw out even more than the higher income people draw out as a percentage on the basis of what they paid in—is not a way to save Social Se-curity. 
In a December 1, 2014 article in Inves-
tor’s Business Daily entitled, ‘‘Obama’s Amnesty will create a Fiscal Night-mare for Entitlements,’’ Merrill Mat-thews, resident scholar at the Institute for Policy Innovation, and Mark E. Litow, retired actuary and past chair-man of the Social Insurance Public Fi-nance Section of the Society of Actu-
aries, wrote this: 
Obama’s amnesty action greatly exacer-
bates the problem, because retirees get back far more than they pay in. 
That is as plain and as simple as day-
light following dark. They go on to write: 
But millions of Obama’s newly legalized 
are working-age adults with children, so many could be in their 40s or older. 
Thus, they could pay FICA taxes for the 
next, say, 15 or 20 years—less than the aver-age American worker—and be eligible for the full array of Social Security and Medicare benefits. 
This is going to be devastating to So-
cial Security and Medicare. It is going to hammer those programs. It is going to make it harder for us to save them, which we have an obligation to do. There is no obligation to give Social Security and Medicare to persons who enter the United States unlawfully. People aren’t entitled to come into the country unlawfully and demand the benefits of the country. The first thing we should do to confront unlawful im-migration is not to subsidize it with taxpayer money. 
The article goes on to say: 
Using a basic simulation model, we believe 
the government will receive about $500 bil-lion in payroll tax revenue (including Part B and drug premiums) and expect it to pay out some $2 trillion in benefits over several dec-ades. 
So they pay in $500 billion, but we are 
going to pay out $2 trillion—four times as much. How does this make America more financially stable? 
On December 4 of last year, in an ar-
ticle in the Atlantic magazine entitled ‘‘The Cost of Amnesty,’’ senior editor David Frum wrote this: 
In the 2011 tax year, the average EITC pay-
ment to a family with children was $2,905, according to the Center for Budget and Pol-icy Priorities. The Additional Child Tax Credit works in much the same way, paying an average of $1,800 to qualifying households. 
Earned-income tax credit—that 
sounds like some sort of deduction you might have, but it is not. So many of 
the persons who will be given this legal status will be eligible for the earned- income tax credit because they have a family—presumably—that is what the President tells us; these are for fami-lies—and their income is at a rate that entitles them to draw earned-income tax credit. 
But go to the budget of the United 
States of America and how the Con-gressional Budget Office calculates this—they don’t calculate earned-in-come tax credit as some sort of tax de-duction. They calculate it as an ex-penditure of the United States of America, and it absolutely is. 
The way it works is your income is so 
low you have a family of such that you don’t owe any income tax, and they send you a credit and they call it an earned-income tax credit, and a tax credit is a cash payment to you. It looks something like a tax matter, but it is really a direct check from the United States of America to lower-in-come families. So this is going to be qualifying for large numbers of people that will be given a legal status. 
Citing the Center for Immigration 
Studies, Mr. Frum in the Atlantic arti-cle explains: 
About 14.5 percent of the native-born popu-
lation of the United States earns little enough to qualify for the EITC. Almost twice as great a portion of the total immigrant population, 29.7 percent, qualifies. But the specific immigrant groups most likely to benefit from the President’s actions earned even less. 
So you have, on a percentage basis, 
twice as many in the immigrant popu-lation eligible for EITC as the average native-born American would be to qualify to receive that check from the United States. 
Mr. Frum goes on to say, ‘‘The EITC 
will cost a shade over $70 billion in fis-cal year 2015.’’ 
That is a lot of money—$70 billion. A 
Federal highway bill is $40 billion, moving up to $50 billion. This is $70 bil-lion. 
The refundable portion of the child tax 
credit will cost about $33 billion. That’s $100 billion in total. Together, they cost 10 times as much as traditional cash welfare. Soon they will cost much, much more. 
He goes on to note: 
Quaintly enough, U.S. immigration law 
still forbids the president to grant residency to aliens likely to become ‘‘a public charge.’’ The list of exceptions, however, overwhelms the rule. Here are the benefits that are ‘‘not intended for income maintenance’’ and therefore exempt, according to the Citizen-ship and Immigration Services. . . . 
And they list a whole lot of taxes. 
Well, I just want to wrap up by say-
ing the House of Representatives can do time and order, pass the bill that fully funds the United States, and it does not contain riders and it does not contain pork spending. Well, maybe it contains it, but it is not being com-plained about at this time, and it is be-fore the Senate. To fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security the Senate 
has to pass the same bill with the same expenditures to do so. So all we have to do is fund the Department of Homeland Security but not approve the Presi-dent’s desire to transmit funds in Homeland Security to an illegal, un-lawful policy of amnesty that Congress opposes and the American people op-pose. Who do we represent? 
Since 2009, we learned today, the 
Obama administration issued 5.5 mil-lion extra work permits—double the normal expected flow by over almost a million a year. We understood it to be 700,000. Now we understand there are so many more that have not been cal-culated in the numbers. His Executive amnesty will issue 5 million more. 
Since 2009 family incomes are down 
$4,000. There is no doubt about it, col-leagues, that this incredibly large flow of immigrants into America exceeds the ability of the American economy to absorb them. It is pulling down wages. It is moving people out of the work-place. It is making it very difficult for lawful immigrants to get jobs in Amer-ica because there will always be a new group coming in willing to work for less. It is eroding the middle class and middle-class values. 
So we are going to talk about this as 
we go forward. I believe this country will continue to be a nation that allows immigration. We don’t dislike or hate or demean people that want to come to America and work here. But we need to send a clear message: If you are not coming lawfully, don’t come. And if you come unlawfully, you are not going to be given amnesty. You are not going to be given Social Security, Medicare, earned income tax credits, and the right to go to any hospital in America and demand health care. We are just not going to do that. 
If we do that with clarity, colleagues, 
what will happen? The people who are coming here unlawfully will stop com-ing. The numbers will fall dramati-cally, and we will be in a position, then, to reestablish a lawful system of immigration that the American people have pleaded with us to establish—one that we can be proud of, that is just and fair where people apply and wait their turn and are accepted or not ac-cepted based on the merits. If we do that, we will have served the American people with what they have asked us to do. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:06 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, February 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.027 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E141 February 2, 2015 
HONORING THE REVEREND DR. C. 
WELTON GADDY’S RETIREMENT 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor the Reverend Dr. C. Welton Gaddy for a life and career distinguished by passion, leadership, and faith. 
As President of Interfaith Alliance, a national 
non-partisan grassroots and educational orga-nization, Dr. Gaddy emerged as a leading ad-vocate for protecting the boundaries between religion and government. A champion of reli-gious freedom and defender of individual rights, Dr. Gaddy has relentlessly worked to promote policies that protect religion, democ-racy, and the role of faith in America. 
Throughout his career, Dr. Gaddy has 
shown a strong history of leadership and serv-ice. His past roles include being President of the Alliance of Baptists and a 20-year member of the Commission of Christian Ethics of the Baptist World Alliance. He has served as a member of the General Council of the Cooper-ative Baptist Fellowship, President of Ameri-cans United for Separation of Church and State, Chair of the Pastoral Leadership Com-mission of the Baptist World Alliance and as a member of the World Economic Forum’s Council of 100. Currently Dr. Gaddy serves on the White House task-force on Reform of the Office of Faith Based and Neighborhood Part-nerships, while also serving as Pastor for Preaching and Worship at Northminster Bap-tist Church in Monroe, Louisiana. 
In addition to authoring over 20 books ad-
dressing religion in American life, Dr. Gaddy hosts the weekly State of Belief radio pro-gram, where he illustrates the vast diversity of beliefs in the United States and their influence on politics. Although Dr. Gaddy is moving onto the next chapter in his life, the influence and power of his works efforts are boundless and will remain strong for years to come. 
I am pleased to celebrate Dr. Gaddy’s 
countless achievements as he is honored by his friends and colleagues tonight. We are so grateful for his many years of service and wish him nothing but continued success in his re-tirement. 
f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH 2015 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great respect and sincere admiration that I rise today to celebrate Black History Month and its 2015 theme—A Century of Black Life, History, and Culture. This year’s theme reflects on the extraordinary contributions of African Ameri-cans in the arts, literature, music, history, sports, science, and pop culture. In celebration 
of this year’s theme, we reflect on several of the important milestones that helped form the cornerstone of African American culture and tradition. Part of the African American fight for freedom included the struggle to ensure that their ideas and talents mattered in American culture and history. 
In the 20th century, the rise of jazz music 
can be linked to African Americans of the post World War I generation. The Harlem Renais-sance put the spotlight on African Americans writers and artists, making their names known nationwide. In the 1960s, African American museums opened across the nation, dis-playing and commemorating advances made by African Americans in art, history, and science. Also during this time of trans-formation, African American athletes excelled in individual and team sports, including base-ball, track and field, football, boxing, and bas-ketball. In addition, student activism in the 1960s led to the black studies movement, the creation of black professional organizations, and doctoral programs at American univer-sities. 
This month and always, it is important that 
we honor and celebrate America’s greatest advocates for equal rights and civil liberties. Along with this month’s theme, we celebrate those who have contributed to the foundation of African American culture, arts, and enter-tainment, including Maya Angelou, Langston Hughes, Jackie Robinson, Jackie Joyner- Kersee, Patricia Bath, and Thurgood Marshall, among many others. As we pay tribute to these heroes of American history, let us re-member their profound perseverance, sac-rifice, and struggle in the fight for freedom and equality, and the remarkable impact their con-tributions have had in shaping our great na-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-
guished colleagues join me in celebrating Black History Month and honoring those who fought, and continue to fight, for civil rights and justice. We honor the African American scholars, artists, athletes, and entertainers who have played such a critical role in chang-ing the landscape of American society for the better. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE KIWANIS CLUB 
OF WINTER HAVEN 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to recognize the Kiwanis Club of Winter Haven, Florida as they celebrate their 80th anniversary on April 6, 2015. 
With the assistance of the Bartow and Lake 
Wales Clubs, the Kiwanis Club of Winter Haven was chartered on April 6, 1935. Since its founding, the Club has provided edu-cational, community-building and recreational opportunities for Central Florida’s youth. In 
1942, Camp Kegan was established on the shore of Lake Josephine. Over the years, Camp Kegan has been a destination for Scouts, youth programs and underprivileged children. The Club also established a recre-ation center on Lake Maude, which has since been deeded to the city. 
In the spirit of providing educational oppor-
tunities for our community’s students, the Kiwanis Club of Winter Haven supports a Stu-dent Loan Fund and the Southern Scholarship Foundation of Tallahassee to help make col-lege more affordable. The Club’s members also coach little league teams, partner with children in foster care, promote youth agricul-tural projects and support Key Clubs in local high schools. 
I am thankful for the Kiwanis members of 
Winter Haven for their tremendous contribu-tions to our community. The future of our na-tion is in the hands of our youth, and the Kiwanis members’ investment in them cannot be over appreciated. 
f 
BARNARD COLLEGE FOUNDERS 
DAY—125TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join the 
people of New York’s tenth congressional dis-trict in recognition of Barnard College for 125 years of dedication and commitment to pro-viding a rigorous liberal arts education to tal-ented women from all over the world. On Oc-tober 26, 2014, Barnard opened its campus to the community, and the entire City of New York, in celebration of its 125th anniversary, sharing the ‘‘Barnard experience’’ with all who visit. 
In 125 years of education and service, Bar-
nard has established an incomparable legacy and has become an integral part of its com-munity, as well as the entire city beyond its historic Morningside Heights campus. Since its founding in 1889, the College has produced many distinguished alumni who have gone on to be leaders in nearly every field of endeavor. Today’s students are following in their foot-steps by impacting not just their campus or New York City, but the entire world. In com-memoration of the 125th anniversary, the Bar-nard women have again chosen outreach as their most important message and have pledged to perform 125 Days of Service in New York City and beyond. 
Over the years, I have been proud to work 
with the College in some of its many pursuits of supporting and developing collaborations between the College and many on- and off- campus constituencies. Through these efforts, Barnard has made a positive impact through-out the city, particularly in the Morningside Heights and Harlem communities. 
Barnard participates in numerous commu-
nity partnerships and initiatives, both through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.001 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E142 February 2, 2015 
annual contributions as well as organizing vol-
unteer opportunities with local organizations like Morningside-Area Alliance, Community Im-pact, the Friends of Morningside Park, the Friends of Riverside Park, and the Broadway Mall Group. It has also worked to provide edu-cational opportunities to young people in its community, working together with groups like St. John the Divine’s ACT summer camp pro-gram, Tompkins Hall, and the Learning Cen-ter. And through an annual bike-a-thon, it raises funds for Columbia Community Service, with donations and participation increasing every year. 
In addition to its foundational commitment of 
educating promising young women, the Col-
lege has historically reached out to those stu-dents who may be otherwise hindered by a lack of access to opportunities, which I com-mend. This has resulted in a diverse and in-clusive student body, faculty, and staff. 
For all this and more, I would like to honor 
Barnard College for 125 years of significant and enduring contributions to the civic life of our community and the scholarship of our Na-tion. I wish the College the best of luck in its future endeavors, as I know it will continue to impact the lives of its students and its fellow community members throughout New York City and the world. I ask my colleagues to please join me in recognizing Barnard Col-lege’s efforts. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
MR. ROBERT CRAVES 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Craves, who re-cently passed away at the age of 72. 
I would like to honor Bob Craves, a found-
ing officer of Costco, for his support of stu-dents throughout Washington state in their pursuit of a college degree. In 2000, Mr. Craves started the College Success Founda-tion, which provides scholarships and men-toring to low-income and first-generation Washington students. Mr. Craves served as CEO of the foundation until his retirement in 2013, and thereafter remained with the organi-zation as a member of the Board of Directors. 
His efforts to make higher education acces-
sible were not isolated to Washington state. The foundation estimates that 5,000 students across the country are currently enrolled in college due to the generosity of Craves’ work. The organization has raised an estimated $600 million, and now includes a branch in Washington, DC. 
Scholarship recipients continue to vocally 
express the meaningful impact Mr. Craves had on their lives by providing them with the op-portunity to attend college. Several have gone back to work with the non-profit upon gradua-tion to offer career training services and help graduates find jobs. 
I would like to commemorate Bob Craves on 
his lifetime of achievements. He will be re-membered by his uplifting demeanor and un-failing optimism, and as a committed commu-nity servant whose significant work will con-tinue to echo in years to come. My thoughts go out to his wife, Gerry, and all of his family and friends. TRIBUTE TO MR. FORREST 
WELLS—RECIPIENT OF THE BRONZE STAR MEDAL (POST-HUMOUS) 
HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pride that I rise today to honor the life and service of Private First Class (PFC) For-rest Wells upon his receipt of the Bronze Star Medal. 
PFC Wells landed on the shores of Nor-
mandy in June of 1944, as a member of the 113th Field Artillery of the 30th Infantry Divi-sion, nicknamed ‘‘Old Hickory.’’ 
During their deployment to Europe, the 30th 
Infantry Division assisted in the liberation of Saint-Lo, fought off the German counter-attack at Mortain, was the first infantry division to enter Belgium and the Netherlands, and was instrumental in halting the German offensive near Malmedy during the ‘‘Battle of the Bulge.’’ 
On July 29, 1944, while serving as a mem-
ber of a gun section outside of Hebecrevon, France, PFC Wells’ battery was subjected to a heavy aerial attack. During this bombardment, the gunpowder surrounding one of the units 155 mm howitzers was set ablaze. Without hesitation, PFC Wells left his sheltered posi-tion and rushed over to extinguish the flames, thereby eliminating the danger it posed to his fellow soldiers and saving valuable materials from destruction. 
In recognition of his service, Brigadier Gen-
eral James M Lewis, Commanding Officer 30th Infantry Division, awarded PFC Wells with a certificate of merit in the days following the incident. 
More than 70 years later, the United States 
Army, by order of the Secretary of the Army, announced that PFC Forrest Wells would posthumously receive the Bronze Star Medal for meritorious achievement in active ground combat. 
Long overdue, this recognition is certainly 
well-deserved and is a testament to the her-oism and dedication to duty that marked PFC Wells’ exemplary service during World War II. 
I wish to extend to the Wells family my sin-
cere congratulations upon receiving this award, as well as my heartfelt thanks for Pri-vate Wells’ outstanding service to our great country. 
f 
HONORING THREE NORTH 
GEORGIAN VETERANS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize three patriots from Georgia’s Ninth District. 
Arthur Mohor from Hartwell is a 91-year old 
World War II veteran, who received France’s highest honor on January 27, 2015. As a Staff Sergeant in the U.S. Army’s 302nd Infantry Regiment, he stormed the beaches of Nor-mandy in 1944. 
In a special ceremony in Atlanta, France’s 
Consul General bestowed on Mr. Mohor and two more Northeast Georgians—Harry T. 
Catchpole (Technical Sergeant, 9th Traffic regulation Group, 3rd Army) of Bogart and Henry R. Petree (Private First Class, 1306th Engineer General Service Regiment) of Beth-lehem—The National Legion of Honor medal. 
The medal symbolizes France’s eternal grat-
itude to these three brave Georgians, who risked their lives to knock the Nazis on their heels and help liberate France and the rest of Europe. We owe them—and the many others who gave their lives to preserve this country’s freedom—our own eternal gratitude. 
The actions of Arthur Mohor, Harry 
Catchpole and Henry Petree provide amazing examples of service and sacrifice. The honor France bestowed upon them is a wonderful tribute to their bravery and a fitting tribute to America’s Greatest Generation. 
f 
CORY NOTESTINE TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Mr. Cory Notestine. Mr. Notestine is a school counselor at Alamosa High School and has recently been named the 2015 School Counselor of the Year by the American School Counselor Association. 
Mr. Notestine has been counselor since 
2008 and prior to accepting his position at Alamosa High School in 2012, was the North Carolina School Counselor of the Year. His passion for his students shows in the invest-ment he makes in their individual success. Since coming to Alamosa High School, he has implemented numerous counseling innovations that have improved the success of his stu-dents and better prepared them for life after high school, even joining with his fellow coun-selors to raise financial aid on behalf of their graduating seniors. Mr. Notestine has made huge strides in improving the counseling pro-gram in his first year at the high school, earn-ing a RAMP designation—which is given for the program’s efforts to ensure a rigorous edu-cation to all students and equitable participa-tion in the program. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Notestine’s selfless work 
ethic and devotion to serving as an advocate for our nation’s youth through his community is worthy of admiration and duplication. His students are truly fortunate to have him in their lives as they prepare for their futures. I 
stand with the residents of Alamosa County, the people of the 3rd Congressional District and the State of Colorado in thanking Mr. Notestine for his dedication, and congratu-lating him on the prestigious award. 
f 
HONORING KALMAN GURZO 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Kalman Gurzo of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District, and to express my deepest condolences to his family and friends. 
Mr. Gurzo served our country as a radio op-
erator for the United States Navy. He de-fended our freedom in the Pacific Theater of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.004 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E143 February 2, 2015 
World War II. His service showed his tremen-
dous courage, and he was a member of our country’s Greatest Generation. 
After his distinguished service in the Navy, 
Kalman was a small business owner before retiring to Berkeley Township, New Jersey. 
The son of Hungarian immigrants, Mr. 
Gurzo passed away at the age of ninety one on January 23, 2015 in Toms River. He is sur-vived by his daughters Kathy Sciscione and Mary Ellen Tramutolo, his son Michael Gurzo, his brother Paul Gurzo, and his seven grand-children. 
Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s 
Third Congressional District are tremendously grateful for Mr. Kalman Gurzo’s service to our nation. It is my honor to recognize his life and achievements before the United State House of Representatives. May he rest in peace. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE OPENING 
OF ST. JOSEPH’S HOSPITAL- SOUTH IN RIVERVIEW, FLORIDA 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to commemorate the opening of BayCare Health System’s St. Joseph’s Hos-pital-South in Riverview, Florida. This $225 million project will forever change healthcare in South Hillsborough County, and I am ex-cited to see the positive impact the hospital will have on the Riverview community. 
Community-owned BayCare Health System 
consistently upholds a standard of excellence in Florida. From private rooms with full bath-rooms and in-room family areas to patient en-tertainment centers and Internet access, St. Joseph’s-South is bringing the newest innova-tions in healthcare to South Hillsborough County. No detail was overlooked in the con-struction of St. Joseph’s-South. 
Riverview is a fast growing community in 
Florida’s 17th District, and St. Joseph’s- South’s 352,000-square-foot campus is not only an exciting new healthcare option but also a catalyst for hundreds of jobs in the community. Since the Franciscan Sisters of Al-legheny came to Tampa from New York to open the first St. Joseph’s Hospital in 1934, St. Joseph’s has been synonymous with qual-ity healthcare that focuses on the patients first. South Hillsborough County is thrilled that BayCare is bringing St. Joseph’s outstanding reputation to Riverview. 
I would like to congratulate St. Joseph’s 
Hospital-South president Scott Smith, his staff, and all the supporters of BayCare Health Sys-tem on such a significant milestone in the his-tory of South Hillsborough County. The hard work and dedication of everyone involved with the project made St. Joesph’s-South a reality, and the new hospital will further highlight the great services that BayCare provides the com-munity and lay the groundwork for a bright fu-ture. RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF 
BRAVO 369 FLIGHT FOUNDATION 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the work of the Bravo 369 Flight Foundation and their current project, ‘‘War-planes to Siberia.’’ Additionally, I want to rec-ognize the efforts of the project’s co-founders, Craig Lang and Jeff Geer. Mr. Geer, who serves as the President and Chairman of the Bravo 369 Flight Foundation, will pilot his own plane as part of the project. I applaud their work to educate and inspire the next genera-tion of aviation enthusiasts. 
‘‘Warplanes to Siberia’’ is a historical re-cre-
ation of the Alaska-Siberia air route (ALSIB) with both American and Russian pilots flying together in formation to celebrate the end of World War II. It will commence in 2015 and follow the exact flight route from Great Falls, Montana to Krasnoyarsk to Moscow, flying the same types of aircraft used 70 years ago. The project is intended to pay tribute to the men and women of the United States, Russia, and Canada who were involved in this effort during the war, and to bring awareness to the signifi-cance of their work. 
The Alaska-Siberia air route was used to 
deliver warplanes to the Eastern Front of the war effort as part of President Roosevelt’s Lend-Lease policy, and contributed to the suc-cess of the Allies in World War II. The re-cre-ation of the flight route will be documented for educational and broadcasting purposes, and accompanied with school, airport, and mu-seum visits. 
I want to commend the Bravo 369 Flight 
Foundation and their continued work on the ‘‘Warplanes to Siberia’’ project, celebrating past achievements and building strong rela-tions for the future. 
f 
LNG PERMITTING CERTAINTY AND 
TRANSPARENCY ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to H.R. 351, which would create arbi-trary and rigid deadlines for Department of En-ergy (DOE) approval of LNG exports. Rather than speeding up the approval process, this unnecessary legislation would likely force the Department to deny projects because they will not have the time to fully consider their im-pacts. 
The Department of Energy is one of two 
agencies that must approve LNG export termi-nals. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion must first approve the terminal infrastruc-ture, and then DOE must consider whether or not each facility’s exports are in the national interest. That DOE review encompasses a number of considerations, including the envi-ronmental and domestic energy price impacts. DOE has been working to refine this proc-
ess and has approved several terminals, dra-matically increasing the amount of LNG that will be exported from the United States. This shift in U.S. energy policy, from import to ex-port, requires a complete review of the cumu-lative impact. For example, we should care-fully monitor and control methane leakage along the natural gas supply chain, which has a potent impact on climate change. And a number of domestic manufacturers have ex-pressed concern about the impact of exports on energy prices here at home. 
I am not opposed to some responsible ex-
pansion of LNG exports, but it must be done in a way that protects the environment and American taxpayers. The Department of En-ergy has been charged, rightly, with protecting the public interest in this process. We should not arbitrarily short-circuit that critical effort. I urge a no vote. 
f 
HONORING VITO MARCANTONIO 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is important to 
pay homage to those who have left an indel-ible mark on the community and the country as a whole. Former Congressman Vito Marcantonio, whose distinguished career in of-fice spanned 3 decades, is most deserving of posthumous commemoration. 
Vito was born on December 10, 1902 to 
Italian parents in East Harlem. After grad-uating from NYU Law School in 1924, Vito be-came Fiorello LaGuardia’s campaign manager and prote ´ge´till 1934, when he was first elect-
ed to congress, filling LaGuardia’s vacant seat in the House of Representatives. 
Following defeat in 1937, Vito was reelected 
to the House in 1939 and served his East Har-lem community in the House till 1950. His long-standing neighborhood presence, acces-sibility and responsiveness made him an ex-tremely popular figure with the public. This powerful bond allowed Vito to build a strong coalition with a diverse political constituency. 
As a legislator, Vito was a staunch defender 
of the civil rights of Italian Americans during World War II and of African Americans in the 40’s and 50’s. Vito advocated for the desegre-gation of Washington D.C. and in 1945 intro-duced a House resolution directing the Sec-retary of Commerce to investigate the employ-ment practices of major league baseball clubs to determine if they were discriminating against African Americans. He was also known as the ‘‘de facto’’ representative of Puerto Rico in the House and led the drive to try to defeat the anti-union Taft-Hartley Act. 
Vito passed away in 1954 and was buried in 
the Historic Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx. He now rests there next to his beloved wife and community activist, Miriam Sanders. On Saturday, August 9th, 2014 the Vito Marcantonio Forum hosted a commemorative event on the 60th anniversary of his passing at the gravesite. Their remembrance was im-portant and well deserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.010 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E144 February 2, 2015 
RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-
LATING STANISLAUS COUNTY SUPERVISOR DICK MONTEITH 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and congratulate Stanislaus County Supervisor Dick Monteith, who will be awarded the first ever Champion of Free Enterprise Award by the Modesto Chamber of Com-merce, for his 55 years of public service. 
Dick Monteith was born in Los Banos, Cali-
fornia to Kenneth and Elizabeth Monteith. He spent his early years attending Merced and Stanislaus County public schools, graduating from Turlock High School in 1950. He contin-ued his education at Menlo College and Stan-ford University, graduating with a B. A. Degree in Sociology in 1954. While at Stanford Uni-versity, he played football as a starting defen-sive back and was a member of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity. 
From 1950 to 1957, he served in the United 
States Navy Reserve, whose mission is to de-liver strategic depth and operational capability to the Navy, Marine Corps, and Joint Forces. 
Soon after graduation, Dick started a life- 
long career in agri-business as a partner with his father in Monteith Tractor/Truck Company. He subsequently served in the marketing de-partment of Gallo Wines, and as a Sales Rep-resentative for Weyerhaeuser Company. He retired in 1991 as General Manager of Sales and Distribution for Middleton Packaging prior to seeking his first elective office. 
Dick was first elected to the California State 
Senate, 12th District, in 1994 and again in 1998—terming out in 2002. In 2007, Dick was elected to the Stanislaus County Board of Su-pervisors and was Chairman of the Board in 2011. 
Supervisor Monteith serves on the boards of 
Youth for Christ and the Modesto Gospel Mis-sion. He has also been a fifty-year plus mem-ber of the Turlock Masonic Lodge #395. 
Dick and his wife Jeanine make their home 
in Modesto. He has two adult sons, three adult step-daughters, and seven grandchildren. 
Dick and Jeanine attend Trinity Presbyterian 
Church. In their spare time, they enjoy trav-eling, sporting events, and the arts. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-
lating Supervisor Dick Monteith for his recogni-tion from the Modesto Chamber of Commerce with the Champion of Free Enterprise Award. His 55 years of dedicated service to the com-munity and the state are to be commended. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM LEE 
EDWARDS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of a man who had a tremendous impact on my life, William Lee Edwards. Bill was a treasured member of the Greensburg community and served in many different lead-ership roles at both Greensburg Junior High School and Greensburg High School over the past 40 years. Bill Edwards was also a devoted husband to 
his wife of 46 years, Joyce. Together, they were the proud parents of three sons and grandparents to four grandchildren. Bill was an avid fisherman and loved spending his free time outdoors. 
In addition to his family, Bill’s lifelong pas-
sions revolved around education and sports. Bill served as the Greensburg Junior High Ath-letic Director for 27 years, coaching both the boys and girls track team, the football team, and the basketball team. Bill then moved on to become the face of Greensburg sports as the Athletic Director for Greensburg High School. 
Mr. Edwards, as I always called him, played 
a significant role in the lives of literally thou-sands of young people in his decades of serv-ice to Greensburg. I was one of them. He was my seventh grade Social Studies teacher and my eighth grade football coach. He was an outstanding teacher, who brought energy to the classroom. And, decades later, now as a Member of Congress, I still recall his lessons on Israel and Vietnam. He was a great coach, who pushed us to excel and coached many undefeated seasons. But, maybe most impor-tantly, he taught us that anything was possible if you worked hard, followed a plan and be-lieved. 
Mr. Edwards, I will always be grateful for 
those lessons. I know I speak for generations of young people in Greensburg when I thank you for your career. You will be missed by those you helped to smile, succeed and em-power. May God bless you, your family, and all the people of Greensburg who you touched through your work. 
f 
HONORING SUMA FEDERAL CRED-
IT UNION’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, financial service 
organizations have the ability to change lives and lift up entire communities. Such has been the case with SUMA Federal Credit Union, which celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2014 at their Jubilee Banquet. 
SUMA was organized by a small contingent 
of Ukrainian immigrants who settled in Yon-kers after World War II. Citing the growing need for financial services in order to improve the quality of life for their families, they devel-oped a credit union whereby financial re-sources would be pooled to help obtain less expensive loans and insurance. 
To comply with National Credit Union Asso-
ciation requirements, they chose to support the Ukrainian American Youth Association, Yonkers branch, as their sponsor. Using shoe boxes to store cash reserves, the credit union opened for business in September of 1964, and in four short months had accumulated over $25,000 in assets from 82 members. For the next several decades, the SUMA Credit Union continued to grow and expand, estab-lishing branch offices in Spring Valley, New York as well as Stamford, Connecticut. 
Today, SUMA has a membership base of 
over 7,000 and over $286,000,000 in total as-sets. But their impact goes beyond the finan-cial wellbeing of its members; it has lifted up an entire community and provided incredible support to the excellent works of the Ukrainian 
American Youth Organization. 
The SUMA Federal Credit Union is a testa-
ment to the power of the financial sector and its ability to positively impact communities. I am proud to represent such a fine organiza-tion in the House of Representatives and wish them nothing but continued success in their next 50 years. 
f 
DR. C.T. VIVIAN 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to commemorate the contributions of Dr. C.T. Vivian, a public servant and passionate leader in the civil rights movement who has dedicated his life to the struggle for racial equality in America. 
Dr. C.T. Vivian was born July 30, 1924 in 
Howard County, Missouri and attended West-ern Illinois University in Macomb and was recreation director for the Carver Community Center in Peoria, Illinois. It was there that Dr. Vivian participated in his first sit-in demonstra-tions which successfully integrated Barton’s Cafeteria in 1947. 
Dr. Vivian was a close friend and adviser to 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr. King appointed Dr. Vivian to the executive staff of the South-ern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) in 1963, naming him national director of affili-ates and strategist for the organization. 
After leaving Dr. King’s Executive Staff, Dr. 
Vivian founded the Black Action Strategies and Information Center (BASIC), a workplace consultancy on race relations and multicultural training. He and his late wife, Octavia Vivian founded the C.T. & Octavia Vivian Archives and Museum in Fayetteville, GA, in 2014. 
In March 2007 at the occasion of the anni-
versary of Selma to Montgomery marches, then-Senator Barack Obama recognized Dr. Vivian in his opening remarks as ‘‘the greatest preacher to ever live.’’ And, on August 8, 2013, President Obama honored Dr. Vivian at the White House by presenting him with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. C.T. Vivian remains a dis-
tinguished minister, author, and organizer. His historic contributions and achievements as a spiritual leader, champion of social justice, and strategist of the Civil Rights Movement have reserved his place in history. I ask my col-leagues join me in expressing the appreciation of a grateful nation. 
f 
HONORING COMMUNITY CHAMPION 
SALLY CARLOW KOHLER 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to recognize one of my constituents from Western Pennsylvania, Sally Carlow Kohler. Sally is a lifelong resident of Erie County, where she was born and raised, at-tended college, started her own family, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.003 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E145 February 2, 2015 
has made quite a name for herself within the 
community. 
Sally is a proud mother of five, grandmother 
of twelve, and great-grandmother of one. In 1951 Sally received a Bachelor of History De-gree from Mercyhurst College and then went on to earn her Master of Education Degree from Gannon University. Sally worked for the Erie School District as a classroom teacher and guidance counselor, both unique positions that allowed her to positively influence the lives of many. After 30 successful years, Sally retired from the Erie School District however; she continues to play a significant role in the education system. 
Sally has actively participated in over 30 
civic organizations, proudly making community service a central part of her life. She has served on countless advisory boards, commit-tees, councils, and task forces, voluntarily 
committing her time and efforts to support these initiatives. As a result of her educational background and expertise, Sally’s participation has been an asset to various organizations, including Penn State Education Association— Department of Pupil Services (President), Mercyhurst College Alumni Board, Villa Maria Academy Board of Trustees, Erie School Dis-trict Middle School Evaluation Committee (Chairman), Erie Guidance Counselors Asso-ciation (President), Memorial School PTA (President), Northwestern Pennsylvania Per-sonnel and Guidance Association (Secretary), Wayne School Truancy Prevention Program Board, Wattsburg School District Advisory Committee, and the Committee for Better Schools (Vice Chairman). 
In addition to her loyalty to education, Sally 
is also a dedicated advocate for safety. Her sincere desire to protect the vulnerable and create an overall safe and secure environment has motivated her to participate in local, coun-ty, state, and national organizations such as the Northwest Pennsylvania Business Coali-tion for Homeland Security, Erie County Public Safety Citizens Corps, Neighborhood Revital-ization Task Force, Erie Bureau of Police— Citizens Police Academy, Greater Kahkwa Neighborhood Watch (Coordinator), Erie Neighborhood Watch Council (Trustee/Officer), Presque Isle State Park (Advisory Committee), Erie County Juvenile Probation Diversion Committee (Chairman), Erie County Children and Youth Advisory Board, Child Welfare League of America, Children Services Advi-sory Board, Erie County Children Services, Western Pennsylvania Juvenile Justice Advi-sory Committee, and Erie County Youth Serv-ices Coordinating Council. 
Sally’s involvement does not stop there, she 
also proudly associates herself with the Erie Rotary Club, Erie Yacht Club, and Jaycee Wives Auxiliary (President). Sally is a catalyst for improvement throughout Erie County and the determination and passion she displays is truly remarkable. To this very day, Sally enthu-siastically participates in 13 organizations, humbly remaining a fully engaged community volunteer. 
Sally has built a legacy based on altruism, 
compassion, and faithfulness. She has set a standard of excellence and generosity that will inspire others for generations to come. Sally is the epitome of a service-minded citizen and her selfless contributions are admirable and noteworthy. On behalf of many, I would like to express sincere gratitude and appreciation to Sally Carlow Kohler, a respectful Community Champion. HONORING DR. NADER J. SAYEGH 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, those who self-
lessly give of themselves to serve the general good are the heartbeat of every community. Such is the case with Dr. Nader J. Sayegh, a lawyer and educator by profession who has done a great deal to give back to society. 
Dr. Sayegh worked in education in many dif-
ferent capacities for more than 40 years, hold-ing various titles and roles ranging from teach-er and principal to superintendant. In that time he also received a law degree from Pace Uni-versity, and has practiced every kind of law from personal injury and criminal to real estate and immigration for over 23 years. 
But Dr. Sayegh’s true passion is community 
involvement. Giving back to society was al-ways an important tenet of his philosophy in life. He has served as Trustee for Yonkers Public Schools, a Liaison for the Westchester- Putnam School Boards Association, and a member of Yonker’s Mayor Mike Spano’s Edu-cation Re-Design Team, which looks for posi-tive ways to reform the way we teach our kids. He serves as Chairman of the Charter Revi-sion Committee, the President of the Yonkers Board of Education, and if all of that wasn’t impressive enough, he is also multi-lingual. 
Dr. Sayegh’s work has been recognized and 
honored by many incredible organizations fo-cused on civic engagement, including the NAACP, the March of Dimes, and the Red Cross. 
On October 9th, 2014 another great organi-
zation, the Salvation Army, honored Dr. Sayegh at their annual dinner. I want to con-gratulate Dr. Nader Sayegh on this well-de-served recognition and thank him for the countless contributions he has made to better our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD D. ‘‘DICK’’ 
GILROY 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Richard D. ‘‘Dick’’ Gilroy, a great Hoo-sier and valued friend who passed away on January 25, 2015. On that Sunday evening we lost a committed husband and father, as well as a dedicated community servant. I consider the words recorded on the floor of this House to be the official record of our nation. As such, please allow me to submit the following: 
After law school, Dick Gilroy joined the of-
fice of former Indianapolis Mayor, Richard G. Lugar, where he served the citizens of the city admirably and where he met Sue Anne Starnes, who he would marry in 1973. 
Having been a member of the United States 
Army Reserve, Dick Gilroy was a patriot who cared deeply for our nation and the ideals of American Exceptionalism. As one who be-lieved deeply in the sacred American principle of ‘‘innocent until proven guilty,’’ Dick contin-ued to serve the people of Indianapolis as a public defender, and later as a Magistrate Judge. Always close to politics and public service, 
Dick Gilroy was the perfect spouse ‘‘behind the scenes’’ as his cherished wife ran for statewide office and served two celebrated terms as Indiana’s 58th Secretary of State. 
Mr. Speaker, we live in an age when the 
spouse of an elected official may often times play an integral role in the success of the offi-cial’s public service. The unelected spouse will often share the work and time commitment of his/her partner. Dick Gilroy understood the sig-nificance of this role and executed it faithfully always supporting the efforts of his wife and understanding her commitment to public serv-ice. For that reason he was a tremendous asset to Sue Anne and her staff alike. In that role he greatly served the state and country he loved so much. 
Dick believed in using his talents and pas-
sion to improve the lives of those in his church and community. He created Young Life bas-ketball and tutoring program through Taber-nacle Presbyterian Church and led the min-istry for ten years. The program influenced the lives of those who participated and the volun-teers who supported it. Dick is still referred to as ‘‘Coach Gilroy’’ by those who participated in the program. 
As another Gilroy family friend recently re-
marked, Dick Gilroy was the ‘‘salt-of-the-earth’’ and one of the ‘‘best’’ human beings anyone would come across. Those of us who were lucky enough to ‘‘experience’’ Dick Gilroy, whether we are former Gilroy staffers, per-sonal friends, professional colleagues, or com-munity leaders, could not be more in agree-ment with these statements. 
He was a caring and strong father, a loving 
husband, and a great mentor to young lawyers and public servants like me. Aside from coaching troubled kids, he played a great deal of sports himself, including hockey. I remem-ber Dick telling me one time when I was play-ing as an adult that ‘‘the only appropriate bev-erage after a hockey game is a LaBatt’s Blue.’’ Growing up in Detroit, and being so close to our northern neighbor, Dick was al-ways allowed this one indiscretion. 
Dick Gilroy leaves his wife of 41 years, who 
along with him, serves as a mentor and friend to Kathy and me. He also leaves his son, Grant, and two granddaughters. Dick has fi-nally been reunited with the Gilroy’s beloved daughter, Emily, who preceded him in death. 
While leaders always lead, and the leader-
ship that the Gilroy family has provided Indi-ana for so many years will certainly continue on, Hoosiers experienced a setback in losing Dick Gilroy so unexpectedly. Because so many of us gained so much from him and the quiet leadership he provided, he will always be cherished, missed, and emulated. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY BILLS 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of the three Homeland Security bills under consideration today. H.R. 615, the DHS Interoperable Communications Act, is a bipar-tisan bill which would improve communication between the many components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. It is critical for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.007 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E146 February 2, 2015 
Homeland Security Department to have a 
state-of-the-art communications infrastructure. The Department needs that infrastructure to ensure the smooth functioning of everything from routine daily operations to terrorism re-sponse efforts. To understand the importance of a strong communications network, we only need to look back a few weeks ago, when radio communications failed in a Washington Metro tunnel as emergency officials worked to rescue passengers trapped aboard a smoke- filled train. 
H.R. 361, the Medical Preparedness Allow-
able Use Act, would use grant funding to en-hance our nation’s preparedness for chemical and biological events. It is an unfortunate fact of modern life that our nation faces genuine threats from chemical and biological attacks. It makes sense for us to take precautions which will put us in a position to deal with such at-tacks if they occur. 
Finally, H.R. 623, the Social Media Working 
Group Act of 2015, would authorize the De-partment of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, which would offer guidance to the emergency preparedness and response community on how to use social media. I have spent years using social media to communicate with my constituents, and have found it extremely effective in rapidly dis-seminating important information to a wide au-dience. Emergency services need to be taught how they can best use social media to quickly and effectively communicate with Americans in the period surrounding a terrorist attack or other crisis. 
All three of these bills take sensible steps to 
further protect the American people against threats to their well-being. I urge the House to pass these bills. 
f 
HONORING AURELIA GREENE 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the people who 
devote their lives so selflessly to public service are the ones who transform and change entire communities. Such has been the case with Aurelia Greene, my longtime friend and part-ner in government, whose distinguished career of public service has made a positive, lasting impact on the Bronx and far beyond. 
A native Bronxite, Aurelia is a graduate of 
Livingston College at Rutgers University, where she majored in Community Develop-ment. Following school she became a Public Agency Administrator, a prelude to her even-tual calling in government. She was elected female district leader for the 76th district be-fore winning the Assembly seat in the Bronx’s 77th district in 1981. For the next 27 years, Aurelia served in the Assembly with distinc-tion, using her urban planning skills to nego-tiate for affordable housing, healthcare, a qual-ity education and employment opportunities for all New Yorkers. She regularly sponsored edu-cational and informational seminars to aid her constituents on issues of concern, and worked hard to bring economic development and busi-nesses to her district. 
Aurelia’s legislative achievements are many, 
as she introduced and passed a number of important bills in the State Legislature during her time as Assemblywoman. Rising through 
the ranks, she became the Speaker Pro Tem-pore of the Assembly in 2006, the first African- American to hold the prestigious position which oversees the chamber in the absence of the Assembly Speaker. She also chaired the Assembly’s Bronx delegation as the longest serving member in the Assembly from the Bronx. 
In 2009, Aurelia was asked to serve as 
Deputy Borough President by newly elected Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr. She has been a steady voice and excellent confidant for the borough president ever since. 
Aurelia celebrated her 80th birthday in Octo-
ber, 2014 at a gala brunch hosted in her honor. As I was in attendance, I had the great pleasure of wishing her nothing but the very best on the occasion, and thanked her for all of her amazing service to the public good. 
f 
DR. ALVIN V. BLOUNT, JR. 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to commemorate the contributions of Dr. Alvin V. Blount, Jr., a decorated veteran, civil servant and pioneer. Dr. Blount is not only a decorated military sur-geon; he is also recognized as an outstanding physician in the Greensboro medical commu-nity. 
Dr. Blount was born February 24, 1922, in 
Raleigh, North Carolina, and was the eldest of four children. He attended North Carolina A&T University in 1939 and graduated magna cum laude in 1943. After completing his under-graduate degree, he attended Howard Univer-sity earning his Medical degree in 1947. 
After, Dr. Blount entered the military as a 
member of the U.S. Army Medical Corps. He served two tours of military duty in Korea dur-ing the War and returned to Greensboro in 1952. In 1957, Dr. Blount, a surgeon by train-ing, became the first African American in North Carolina to earn the American College of Abdominal Surgeons’ certification. 
In 1964, Dr. Blount championed the integra-
tion of Cone Hospital in Greensboro and would become the first African American to operate there. Dr. Blount’s distinguished sur-gical career includes service as chief of sur-gery for L. Richardson Hospital; a position he held for 23 years. He was also responsible for establishing the hospital’s first quality improve-ment committee. 
On February 1, 2007, Dr. Alvin V. Blount, 
Jr., received the 2007 Human Rights Medal from his alma mater North Carolina A&T State University. The Human Rights Medal is one of the highest awards given by the University and it is presented to an individual for their ex-traordinary contributions to humanity. 
Dr. Blount Jr. has been married to Gwen-
dolyn Harris for over 40 years. They are the proud parents of seven children. They also have nine grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Blount’s contributions to 
our great nation are many. He bravely served his country during the Korean War and was time and time again a trailblazer in the field of medicine. I ask my colleagues join me in ex-pressing the appreciation of a grateful nation. RECOGNIZING ALCALDESSA 
MARCIE WALDRON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize Marcie Waldron, who has been named the City of Sonoma’s 2015 Alcaldessa, or Honorary Mayor. The title ‘‘Al-calde,’’ or ‘‘Alcaldessa’’ when referring to a woman, is the Spanish word for ‘‘mayor.’’ While the Alcalde was the primary civil author-ity during the Spanish colonial period in Cali-fornia, in modern times, it is an honorary title bestowed upon invaluable members of the community. 
Ms. Waldron has lived in Sonoma for 12 
years, where she has given back to the com-munity as a leader and member of community organizations. She is the president of the Vin-tage House board, a non-profit organization that promotes the well-being of elderly citizens by encouraging independence and involve-ment in community life. Ms. Waldron also serves as the interim president of the WillMar Family Grief and Healing Center, which pro-vides support to families grieving the loss of a loved one or living with family members with a life-altering illness. Outside of her leadership roles with these non-profit organizations, Ms. Waldron serves as a board member of the Sonoma Community Center and Kiwanis of Sonoma Plaza. 
In addition to her involvement in community 
organizations, Ms. Waldron works to raise awareness about organ donation. Herself a double transplant recipient, Ms. Waldron speaks to schools and organizations honoring donors and stressing the importance of organ donation. Ms. Waldron also works to recog-nize donors through her ‘‘LifeStar’’ program, which gives donors hand-made silver LifeStar pendants in appreciation for their gift of life. 
Mr. Speaker, Marcie Waldron is a beloved 
and vitally important member of the commu-nity and it is appropriate that we acknowledge her today as Sonoma’s Alcaldessa for 2015. 
f 
HONORING YONKERS KIWANIS 
CLUB 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, civic organiza-
tions play an indispensable role in our society by serving their communities and setting re-sponsible public examples of how vol-unteerism and service can assist, enrich and inspire rising generations. Civic pride is truly the tie that binds our nation together. 
The feeling of belonging to the larger whole, 
and the practice of serving the greater good is part and parcel of our responsibilities to each other. Those are the tenants that have guided the Yonkers Kiwanis Club, which celebrated its 85th year of service to the Yonkers com-munity in 2014. 
The Yonkers Kiwanis Club received its 
Charter on November 11, 1929, and has been an integral part of the community for decades. Since its founding, the Yonkers Kiwanis Club 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.010 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E147 February 2, 2015 
has helped foster local youth through a wide 
variety of projects and programs, including scholarships for High School Seniors, book donations to reading programs, and holiday food baskets for people in need. 
The Yonkers Kiwanis Club has also spon-
sored local children’s service clubs, Teacher of the Year awards, and programs focusing on services and facilities for children with special needs. The Yonkers Kiwanis club has also worked in partnership with many organizations to provide service to the community, including Toys for Tots and the Red Cross. The Yon-kers Kiwanians have also marshaled their re-sources to support awareness of health issues including Alzheimer’s disease and Cystic Fi-brosis. 
I commend the Yonkers Kiwanis Club for 85 
years of outstanding service, which they com-memorated at their annual dinner on October 24, 2014. The impact of their work has been, and will continue to be, an important pillar of the Yonkers community. 
f 
HONORING LOCAL 34 OF THE FED-
ERATION OF UNIVERSITY EM-PLOYEES, UNITE HERE ON THE CELEBRATION OF THEIR 30TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pride that I rise today to extend my warmest congratulations to Local 34 of the Federation of University Employees, UNITE HERE as they celebrate their 30th Anniversary—a re-markable milestone for this wonderful organi-zation! 
Representing over 3400 clerical and tech-
nical employees at Yale University, Local 34 has given a strong voice to its membership over the last three decades. Their members perform a broad spectrum of duties that make Yale University a world-class institution of teaching, research and medical care. Local 34’s efforts have ensured fair salaries and guaranteed raises, healthcare benefits, work-place health and safety protections, as well as good pensions and fully paid retiree medical benefits for members and their spouses. Local 34 can be proud of the work they do on behalf of their members and the role the union plays in making Yale a great place to work. 
The organization of Local 34 holds a special 
place in my memory—it is hard to believe that 30 years have already passed. As the organi-zation effort grew, my husband and I were glad to support them and our basement housed the phone-bank effort. Our home be-came a base of operation throughout the cre-ation of Local 34 and it was a proud moment when the day of the vote came and Local 34 became a reality. Over the course of the last three decades, Local 34 has played a unique role in our community, not only representing the interests of their members, but also in strengthening the town-gown relationship be-tween Yale University and the City of New Haven. 
Understanding the connection between 
strong communities and healthy employment, in the 1990’s Local 34 created the New Haven Resident’s Training Program—one of the few job training initiatives in the entire country that 
led to a commitment to hire locally. Today, as New Haven and the country emerge from challenging economic times, Local 34 has doubled-down on this effort with the creation of a jobs pipeline—New Haven Works—an or-ganization committed to providing employers with a trained and qualified workforce and connecting New Haven residents to good jobs. Last year alone they placed over 300 individ-uals in new jobs and the effort is only growing. 
From its origins as a ‘‘pink-collar’’ union of 
secretaries—little sister to the blue-collar Local 35—Local 34 has grown into a labor power-house. I am honored to have this opportunity to extend my heartfelt congratulations to Local 34 President Laurie Kennington, the union’s executive leadership, and each of its more than 3400 members as they celebrate this very special anniversary. Happy 30th and best wishes for many more years of success! 
f 
AARON T. FORD 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Honorable Aaron T. Ford who, after 30 years of service to the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, was honored for his re-tirement on Thursday, January 29, 2015. 
Mr. Ford began his career with the FBI as 
a Special Agent in August 1985. Following New Agents training, he was assigned to the St. Louis Division, primarily working Violent Crime and Organized Crime matters. He also served on the SWAT team where he partici-pated in the execution of numerous high-risk threats, search warrants and protective details. 
In June 1989, Agent Ford was transferred to 
the Newark Division. He served as Team Leader on the SWAT Team. In August 1998, he was promoted to Supervisory Special Agent on a drug squad. 
In January 2000, he was named the super-
visor for the Public Corruption/Civil Rights squad. In August 2005, he was assigned as SSRA of the Red Bank Resident Agency, where he supervised all criminal matters. 
In February 2006, Agent Ford was assigned 
as a Team Leader in the Inspection Division at FBI Headquarters in Washington D.C., where he served until August 2007. During this time, he participated in the auditing of all programs throughout the FBI. In October 2007, Agent Ford was designated as Assistant Special Agent in Charge in the Newark Division, first overseeing the Administrative Branch and later the Criminal Enterprise Branch. 
As an inspector in the Inspection Division at 
FBI Headquarters from August 2010 to No-vember 2011, Agent Ford oversaw field office and headquarters inspections, shooting inci-dent review teams, audits and special inquir-ies. 
Prior to his FBI career, he served as a spe-
cial agent with the Georgia Bureau of Inves-tigation where he investigated a variety of vio-lations including Violent Crime, Fugitives, Drugs, and Corruption. 
On April 8, 2013, Director Robert S. Mueller 
III announced that he has naming Agent Ford as Special Agent in Charge of the Newark Di-vision. Agent Ford most recently served as the special agent in charge of the Memphis Divi-
sion. 
Agent Ford is a native of Atlanta, Georgia. 
He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Criminology from Tennessee State University in Nashville, Tennessee, and a Juris Doctorate degree from Rutgers School of Law In New Jersey. 
Agent Ford truly lived up to the FBI’s motto 
of ‘‘Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity’’ by protecting Americans from all threats, both foreign and domestic. As Chair of the Congressional Law Enforcement Caucus, I value the sacrifice and dedication of law enforcement officials like Agent Ford, who selflessly serve the great people of the United States of America. 
The job of a United States Congressman in-
volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the achievements of individuals such as Aaron T. Ford. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-
leagues, Aaron T. Ford’s coworkers, family and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the career of Aaron T. Ford. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CONGRESSMAN JOHN 
T. MYERS 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Congressman John T. Myers, an Amer-ican patriot, a dedicated public servant and a great Hoosier who passed away on January 27, 2015. I consider the words recorded on the floor of this House to be the official record of our nation. As such, please allow me to submit the following: 
John Myers was born and raised in Cov-
ington, Indiana and graduated from Covington High School. His service to our Nation began immediately after his high school graduation when he joined the United States Army. He later earned his B.S. at Indiana State Univer-sity in 1951 and also attended Eastern Illinois University where he was a member of Sigma Pi. 
Though working in the Indiana banking in-
dustry, Myers never abandoned his farming roots as he continued to work a farm in Foun-tain County. Before long however, Myers re-turned his attention to public service becoming a member of this honorable House of Rep-resentatives. He first took office in 1967, win-ning fifteen consecutive elections and con-tinuing his admirable public service for 30 years before retiring in 1997. 
During his tenure representing Indiana’s 7th 
District in the United States Congress. 
Mr. Myers became known locally as an es-
sential player in the Lafayette Railroad Relo-cation Project, a three decades long project that moved the trains from city streets and into a dedicated corridor. The Main Street Bridge was in fact renamed in his honor after the pe-destrian bridge was opened as part of the rail relocation project. 
As Indiana Governor Pence noted while 
paying tribute to Congressman Myers, ‘‘The legacy of public service he leaves behind is unmatched, and we do well to strive to emu-late his example.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.014 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E148 February 2, 2015 
Congressman Myers passed away in his 
Covington home leaving behind his wife Carol, daughters Carol Ann Myers and Lori Jan Kerns, seven grandchildren and several nieces and nephews. 
I offer my sincerest condolences to the 
Myers family. We grieve with you as we mourn the loss of a great Hoosier who lived a life of servant leadership while humbly rep-resenting our district in the U.S. House of Representatives for three decades. Congress-man Myers legacy will not be forgotten. His example is a challenge to all of us to rededi-cate ourselves to serving in our communities and working with our neighbors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL E. CAPUANO 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, last week I 
missed several roll call votes due to weather. I wish to state how I would have voted had I been present: 
Roll Call No. 46—No Roll Call No. 47—Yes Roll Call No. 48—Yes Roll Call No. 49—Yes Roll Call No. 50—No 
f 
HONORING WARTBURG’S 150TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, when organiza-
tions are able to ingratiate themselves with the community through good works, they often be-come a cornerstone of the neighborhood. Such is the case with Wartburg in West-chester, which celebrated its 150th Anniver-sary at the Wartburg Fall Festival on October 11th, 2014. 
For over a century, Wartburg has offered in-
tegrated, comprehensive senior care services to both residents and people in their own homes. Their programs, from independent, as-sisted living to nursing home care and rehabili-tation have become so renowned that U.S. News & World Report has named Wartburg one of the ‘‘Best Nursing Homes in New York State’’ for three consecutive years. 
Their skilled Nursing facility, Licensed Home 
Health Care and Adult Day Services programs accept all patients, regardless of their income or their ability to pay. 
Wartburg’s status as a not-for-profit has also 
allowed them to reinvest heavily in the com-munity, with initiatives that include over $7 mil-lion in uncompensated care each year for the aging population. 
Wartburg’s impact on the community is also 
economic in nature. They are the largest em-ployer in the Mt. Vernon area and generate an estimated $80 million annually in direct and in-direct activity for the surrounding communities. 
Last year’s Wartburg Fall Festival once 
again took place on the institution’s beautiful, 34-acre wooded campus, which was founded in 1865 by Reverend William A. Passavant. I count myself fortunate to have such an excep-
tional organization housed within my district and I am honored to represent them in Con-gress. Congratulations again to Wartburg on 150 years of great work for the community. 
f 
H.R. 161—NATURAL GAS PIPELINE 
PERMITTING REFORM ACT 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to this unnecessary legislation, which would place arbitrary deadlines on Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission (FERC) deci-sions, potentially forcing them to deny applica-tions because they simply do not have enough information to make a credible determination. 
FERC has received high marks from the 
Government Accountability Office for its pre-dictable and consistent application process. This bill would needlessly disrupt what is al-ready working, forcing FERC to abide by rigid deadlines no matter how large or complex a project happens to be. If other agencies with permitting authority on a project fail to report to FERC within the bill’s timeline, FERC would become a kind of ‘‘super-permitting’’ agency, with the ability to issue permits on the agen-cies’ behalf without the expertise necessary to make those decisions. 
By rushing a functioning and important proc-
ess, this bill jeopardizes the environment and public health. With a number of high-profile pipeline spills requiring costly clean-up across the country, we should not needlessly short- circuit the process that is intended to make sure pipelines are built safely. This bill would prevent federal agencies from doing their job to protect taxpayers and communities, and I urge a no vote. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LILLIAN 
PINKUS ON BEING SELECTED PRESIDENT OF AIPAC 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-
ored today to congratulate my friend, Mrs. Lil-lian Pinkus, on her being selected as the next president of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC). I am confident that she will contribute greatly to AIPAC’s mission ‘‘to strengthen, protect and promote the U.S.- Israel relationship in ways that enhance the security of Israel and the United States.’’ 
Lillian was born in upstate New York to par-
ents who were survivors of the Holocaust. Even after being liberated from the atrocities of that time, her parents spent additional years in a deportation camp in Germany, awaiting the opportunity to emigrate to another country. As a result, Lillian grew up in a family that in-stilled within her a sense of appreciation for the blessings of freedom and opportunity that she and her siblings enjoy in the United States. She also developed an understanding of the immense importance of a safe and free homeland for the Jewish people. A tireless advocate for the security and 
strength of Israel, the U.S., and the alliance between them, Lillian has served AIPAC with years of dedication. Prior to being selected president at the most recent annual Board meeting in Israel, she was a National Board Member. She also has been honored by Israel Bonds, an organization that allows Americans to invest in building up the modern State of Israel. 
Lillian has now lived in Dallas with her hus-
band, Jon, for over forty years. Together they have two married sons, Jared and his wife Samantha, and Aaron and his wife Pamela. She will become president-elect this March and take office as president during AIPAC’s annual policy conference in March, 2016. I have enjoyed working with Lillian over the years on our common goal of ensuring the se-curity of our ally, Israel; and I look forward to continuing our strong working relationship into the future. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to ask all of my 
distinguished colleagues to join me in con-gratulating and wishing well Lillian Pinkus as she begins to serve as the president of AIPAC. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PRINCEVILLE, 
NORTH CAROLINA’S 130TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pride that I rise in recognition of the 130th Anniversary of the Town of Princeville, North Carolina—the oldest town in the United States incorporated by African Americans. Princeville is located in Edgecombe County in my Congressional District and was originally known as Freedom Hill when it was founded at the close of the Civil War in 1865 by newly- freed slaves who sought protection in the Union Army encampments there. 
Following the departure of the Union sol-
diers, many of the former slaves stayed be-hind and formed a free community in Freedom Hill. The settlement grew and was incor-porated on February 20, 1885, as Princeville in honor of Turner Prince, a former slave who used his carpentry skills to build many homes in the free community for his family and others who sought refuge there. 
The Town of Princeville and its residents 
have endured much over its 130 year history. Whether it was racial prejudice, social and economic isolation, or Hurricane Floyd that nearly destroyed Princeville, the Town and its proud residents remain resilient and dedicated to building for the future. Today, the Town has well over 2,000 residents and continues to grow. 
The Town of Princeville serves as a symbol 
of the self-determination, endurance, and fear-lessness of the African Americans who braved the unimaginable horrors of slavery to reclaim their lives and build a lasting community for fu-ture generations. 
Today we celebrate Princeville’s incredible 
survival and its unique place in African Amer-ican culture and United States History. Princeville’s story deserves recognition so that the historical and social significance of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.017 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E149 February 2, 2015 
Town and the unwavering spirit of its people 
are widely known. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing and congratulating the Town of Princeville, North Carolina for 130 years of perseverance and for being a symbol of Afri-can American strength and resilience. 
f 
HONORING R.A.I.N. 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, sometimes a sim-
ple civic organization intended to help and im-prove a small community can turn into a pillar of hope for an entire city. That has undoubt-edly been the case with Regional Aid for In-terim Needs, or R.A.I.N. 
R.A.I.N. was founded in 1964 by Beatrice 
Castiglia-Catullo to serve those in need as a multi-social service agency. It provides an array of invaluable services to the senior com-munity of the Bronx, many of whom are handi-capped, home bound, or otherwise incapable of providing themselves with certain neces-sities. 
R.A.I.N. has full-service neighborhood sen-
ior centers, home-delivered meals, transpor-tation services, assistance with benefits and entitlements, case management and elder abuse services, in addition to community- based mobile meals for homeless and hungry persons. Their commitment to helping the el-derly population has also led to the sponsor-ship of two residential housing projects for low-income seniors and an affiliated home at-tendant program that provides in-home attend-ant and care services. 
Building off their incredible success in the 
Bronx, R.A.I.N. has recently expanded its services to Manhattan and has licensed to provide Home Health Care in all five New York City boroughs as well as Westchester County. 
Today, R.A.I.N. has funding that accounts 
for 1,600 meals on wheels, 325 daily meals to the hungry and homeless, and 11 senior cen-ters providing quality programming to over 100 seniors at each site every day. Thousands of New Yorkers have come to rely on R.A.I.N. as a lifeline, and as a Congressman representing parts of the Bronx it is always heart-warming and comforting to see one of R.A.I.N.’s trucks on a block in my district. 
R.A.I.N. celebrated their 50th Anniversary 
on October 30th 2014. I want to personally thank their Board for all of the years of great service to the community. The work done by R.A.I.N. has literally saved lives and I am so proud to have such a caring organization op-erating in my district. Here’s to many more great years. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for votes on January 27–28, 2015 because of a serious family illness. Had I 
been present, I would have voted yea on roll call votes #46, #47, #48, and #50. I would have voted nay on roll call vote #49. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,085,063,837,781.82. We’ve 
added $7,458,186,788,868.74 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING PASTORS MOULTON 
AND JUDITH ESDAILLE 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, religious institu-
tions have the power to shape and bind a community in ways that can forever change their neighborhood for the better. That has been the case with the Mount Carmel Pente-costal Church in the Bronx, which celebrated its 30th Anniversary in 2014. 
The Mt. Carmel Pentecostal Church has 
been a beacon of hope and source of strength for its parishioners for so long because of the incredible commitment made by its leaders, Pastors Moulton and Judith Esdaille, who have served their community unselfishly for over 30 years. Their work to advance and grow the church they loved started in roles like Sunday School Teacher, Choir Director and Evangelist among others. Over time, Pastors Moulton and Judith began working to expand their congregation by developing outreach pro-grams. 
Driven by their creed, ‘‘Each One, Win 
One,’’ Pastors Moulton and Judith have made it their mission to help those in need. They created the Bronx Park East Home for the Aging Outreach program, the Mount Carmel Pentecostal Church Partners with Feed the Hungry program, a youth mentorship program, a monthly tract program to increase spiritual awareness in the community and a series of enrichment classes to uplift parishioners. They have also been able to partner their church with Mission to Africa and Haiti organizations, sending food, clothing and supplies to areas of the globe that are in dire need of assistance. 
In addition to all Pastors Moulton and Judith 
have achieved for their church, they are also loving parents who have managed to juggle three children and family responsibilities with two full-time secular jobs by day. They are truly an impressive combination of leaders, who have done incredible work to reach out and touch the lives of countless people all throughout the world. 
In 2014 the Mt. Carmel Pentecostal Church 
honored Pastors Moulton and Judith Esdaille for all of their fantastic accomplishments and 
contributions. I’d like to echo the congratula-tions of the church and thank Moulton and Ju-dith for all they’ve accomplished and done for the Bronx community and beyond. 
f 
HONORING SUSAN GOLDY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, a thriving commu-
nity can only be achieved when its members strive to better their surroundings. For several decades, the Riverdale neighborhood has benefitted from the hard work and dedication of Susan Goldy, one of the northwest Bronx’s most respected citizens and my dear friend. 
Susan’s work in Riverdale began in earnest 
in 1981 when she established her own agen-cy, Susan E Goldy Inc., which specialized in the sale and rental of residential property. Her company immediately earned high marks for its professionalism, courtesy, integrity and reli-ability. As Susan’s agency grew she began to enhance her involvement in other real estate related ventures, including the Bronx Manhat-tan North Association of Realtors, an organi-zation which she served as President of in 1995 and 1996. 
Later, Susan became a member of the New 
York State Association of Realtors (NYSAR) serving on and chairing many committees within NYSAR focused on growing commu-nities through real estate interests. Not sur-prisingly in 2012, Susan was elected President of NYSAR, an obvious reflection of her out-standing work ethic and accomplishments within the organization and beyond. 
Susan has been recognized over the years 
with numerous awards and honors from dif-ferent community groups and organizations, including the YMCA, the Kingsbridge River-dale Van Cortlandt Development Corporation and the New York State Legislature. She has also done a great deal of volunteerism in this community and beyond, working with the Red Cross and Habitat for Humanity to help those who were impacted by Hurricanes Katrina and Sandy. 
Susan moved to Riverdale in 1972 to raise 
her children, Jason and Lauren. The entire Riverdale community is fortunate that she did. I have known Susan for many years and I ab-solutely treasure the friendship we have devel-oped over that time. 
In 2014, the Riverdale Neighborhood House 
honored Susan at their annual benefit, and they could not have found a more deserving honoree. Congratulations, Susan, on this honor! 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.022 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E150 February 2, 2015 
of the meetings, when scheduled and 
any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 3, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 4 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Ashton B. Carter, of Massachu-setts, to be Secretary of Defense. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine ending mod-
ern slavery, focusing on the best way forward. 
SD–419 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine private sec-
tor experience with the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology (NIST) framework, focusing on build-ing a more secure cyber future. 
SR–253 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure to examine impacts of the proposed waters of the United States rule on state and local governments. 
HVC–210 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016. 
SD–215 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine deferred ac-
tion on immigration, focusing on im-plications and unanswered questions. 
SD–342 2 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
2:15 p.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine combating 
financial exploitation of vulnerable seniors. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, 
Fisheries, and Coast Guard 
To hold hearings to examine the impacts 
of vessel discharge regulations on ship-ping and fishing industries. 
SR–253 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 184, to 
amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to re-quire background checks before foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, S. 209, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act of 2005, S. 246, to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and an original bill to amend the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act to pro-vide further self-governance by Indian tribes; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine loan leveraging in Indian country. 
SD–628 
FEBRUARY 5 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the Guanta-
namo detention facility and the future of United States detention policy. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, and Insurance 
To hold hearings to examine data breach 
and notification legislation in the 114th Congress. 
SR–253 Committee on Finance 
To continue hearings to examine the 
President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–215 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine the ‘‘joint 
employer’’ standard and business own-ership. 
SD–430 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
FEBRUARY 11 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the Inter-
net. 
SR–253 
FEBRUARY 12 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of En-ergy. 
SD–366 
FEBRUARY 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior. 
SD–366 
FEBRUARY 26 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Forest Service. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M02FE8.000 E02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D89 Monday, February 2, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S677–S705 
Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 327–339, and S. Res. 61–62.
                                                       Pages S697–98 
Measures Passed: 
National Tribal Colleges and Universities 
Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 62, designating the 
week beginning on February 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’.
        Page S702 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act: Senate resumed consideration of the mo-
tion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015.
                                                                                  Page S677 
Appointments: 
National Council on Disability: The Chair an-
nounced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 93–112, as amended by Public Law 112–166, and further amended by Public Law 113–128, the appointment of the fol-lowing to serve as a member of the National Council on Disability: Neil Romano of Maryland vice Sara Gelser.
                                                                               Page S702 
Clay Hunt SAV Act—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that the previous order of Thursday, January 29, 2015, with respect to H.R. 203, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual 
evaluations of mental health care and suicide preven-tion programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, be modified so that the Senate begin consideration of the bill at approximately 11:00 
a.m., on Tuesday, February 3, 2015, with all other provisions of the previous order being in effect. 
                                                                                              Page S677 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, February 3, 2015, the time until 12 noon be equally divided, and following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on passage of the bill. 
                                                                                      Pages S702–03 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, the Budget of the 
United States Government for Fiscal Year 2016; re-ferred jointly, pursuant to the order of January 30, 1975 as modified by the order of April 11, 1986; which was referred to the Committees on Appropria-tions; and the Budget. (PM–3)
                     Pages S695–97 
Measures Read the First Time:           Pages S697, S702 
Executive Communications:                               Page S697 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S698 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                 Pages S698–S702 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S694–95 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:06 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 3, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S705.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee announced 
the following subcommittee assignments: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\D02FE5.REC D02FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D90 February 2, 2015 
Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, 
and Counterterrorism: Senators Risch (Chair), Perdue, 
Paul, Rubio, Johnson, Murphy, Cardin, Shaheen, and Kaine. 
Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational 
Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues: Senators Rubio (Chair), Flake, 
Gardner, Perdue, Isakson, Boxer, Udall, Kaine, and Markey. 
Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Coopera-
tion: Senators Johnson (Chair), Paul, Risch, Gardner, 
Barrasso, Shaheen, Murphy, Kaine, and Markey. 
Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy: 
Senators Flake (Chair), Isakson, Paul, Barrasso, Rubio, Markey, Coons, Udall, and Cardin. Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and Inter-
national Cybersecurity Policy: Senators Gardner (Chair), 
Rubio, Johnson, Isakson, Flake, Cardin, Boxer, Coons, and Udall. 
Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Man-
agement, International Operations, and Bilateral Inter-national Development: Senators Perdue (Chair), Risch, 
Isakson, Johnson, Paul, Kaine, Boxer, Coons, and Murphy. 
Subcommittee on Multilateral International Develop-
ment, Multilateral Institutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy: Senators Bar-
rasso (Chair), Perdue, Risch, Flake, Gardner, Udall, Boxer, Shaheen, and Markey. 
Senators Corker and Menendez are ex officio members of 
each subcommittee. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 32 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 634–665; and 11 resolutions, H.J. Res. 27; H. Res. 67–76, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H702–04 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H705 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 50, to provide for additional safeguards with 
respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–11, Part 1); 
H.R. 527, to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United 
States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of po-tential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–12, Part 1); and 
H. Res. 70, providing for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 596) to repeal the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes (H. Rept 114–13). 
                                                                                              Page H702 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Emmer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H669 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:19 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                      Page H671 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:27 p.m. and recon-
vened at 5:04 p.m.                                                      Page H675 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act: H.R. 
361, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to codify authority under existing grant guidance au-thorizing use of Urban Area Security Initiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding for enhancing medical preparedness, medical surge ca-pacity, and mass prophylaxis capabilities, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 377 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 51; 
                                                                    Pages H675–77, H683–84 
DHS Interoperable Communications Act: H.R. 
615, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take ad-ministrative action to achieve and maintain inter-operable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 379 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 52; and 
                                                                    Pages H677–80, H684–85 
Social Media Working Group Act of 2015: H.R. 
623, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 328 yeas to 51 nays, Roll No. 53.
                                                          Pages H680–83, H685 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:55 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:31 p.m.                                                      Page H683 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
71, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
                Page H686 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE5.REC D02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D91 February 2, 2015 
Authorizing the use of the rotunda of the 
United States Capitol: The House agreed to dis-
charge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 12, authorizing the use of the rotunda of the United States Capitol for a ceremony to present the Con-gressional Gold Medal to Jack Nicklaus.
        Page H686 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he transmitted to Congress his Budget of the United States Government for Fiscal Year 2016—referred to the Committee on Appro-priations and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–3). 
                                                                                      Pages H673–75 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H683–84, H684–85, and H685. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:45 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
TO REPEAL THE PATIENT PROTECTION 
AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AND HEALTH CARE-RELATED PROVISIONS IN THE HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2010, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 596, to repeal the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–2, a closed rule for H.R. 596. The rule provides 90 minutes of debate equally divided among and controlled by the respec-tive chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on Education and the Workforce, En-ergy and Commerce, and Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Burgess, Pallone, and Scott of Virginia. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 3, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the findings of the Military Compensation and Retire-ment Modernization Commission, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine the 
President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016, 10 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the 
Internal Revenue Service Operations and the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016, 10:30 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on West-
ern Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine understanding the impact of United States policy changes on human rights and de-mocracy in Cuba, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine No Child Left Behind, focusing on innovation to meet the needs of students, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled 
‘‘Wounded Warrior Program Update’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the U.S. Public Health Response to Seasonal Influ-enza’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘The Strategic Im-portance of the Western Hemisphere: Defining U.S. In-terests in the Region’’, 11 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-
portation Security, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Access Control Measures at Our Nation’s Airports’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Examining the Adequacy and Enforcement of Our Nation’s Immigration Laws’’, 11 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Inspectors General: Independ-ence, Access and Authority’’, 10:15 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
50, the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates Information and Trans-parency Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 527, the ‘‘Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘NSF’s Oversight of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE5.REC D02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D92 February 2, 2015 
NEON Project and Other Major Research Facilities De-
veloped Under Cooperative Agreements’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘How the Changing Energy Mar-kets Will Affect U.S. Transportation’’, 10 a.m., 2167 
Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing 
on the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE5.REC D02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D93 February 2, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-
panying report. A total of 1 written report has been filed in the Senate, 10 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through January 31, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 16 15 . . 
Time in session ................................... 95 hrs., 34 ′ 71 hrs., 4 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 675 668 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 140 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... . . 1 1 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 37 50 87 
Senate bills .................................. 1 . . . . House bills .................................. 1 27 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 1 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 1 2 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 33 5 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... 21 10 31 
Senate bills .................................. 1 . . . . House bills .................................. 1 5 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . Simple resolutions ....................... 19 5 . . 
Special reports ..................................... . . . . . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 7 1 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 384 737 1,121 
Bills ............................................. 317 633 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 5 26 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 2 12 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 60 66 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 4 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 49 31 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 18 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through January 31, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 83, disposed of as follows: 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 83 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 491, disposed of as follows: 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 491 
Air Force nominations, totaling 224, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 33 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 191 
Army nominations, totaling 89, disposed of as follows: 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 89 
Navy nominations, totaling 47, disposed of as follows: 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 47 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,028, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 8 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,020 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 1,962 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 41 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,921 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 0 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D02FE5.REC D02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD94 February 2, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, February 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will begin consideration of H.R. 203, Clay Hunt SAV Act and vote on passage of the bill at approximately 12:00 noon. 
At 2:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke 
cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act. 
(Senate will recess following the vote on passage of H.R. 
203, Clay Hunt SAV Act, until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, February 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 596—To 
repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E144, E146, E148 
Capps, Lois, Calif., E141 Capuano, Michael E., Mass., E148 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E149 Collins, Doug, Ga., E142 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E147 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E142, E143 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E144 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E142 
Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E143, E144, E145, E146, E146, 
E148, E149, E149, E149 
Kelly, Mike, Pa., E144 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E142 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E148 Messer, Luke, Ind., E144 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E141 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E147 Roe, David P., Tenn., E149 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E145, E147 
Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E143 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E145 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E146 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E142 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E143, E148 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E141 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E141 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02FE5.REC D02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST