Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7349 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2015 No. 162 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, November 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
House of Representatives 
MONDAY , NOVEMBER 2, 2015 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
November 2, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R ICKW. 
ALLEN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 29, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 29, 2015 at 3:22 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 1731. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 30, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 30, 2015 at 11:57 a.m.: 
That the Senate concur in the House 
amendment to the Senate amendment H.R. 1314. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 2 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
God of the universe, we give You 
thanks for giving us another day. 
Bless the Members of this assembly 
as they set upon the work of these hours, of these days. Help them to make wise decisions in a good manner and to carry their responsibilities steadily with high hopes for a better future for our great Nation. 
Deepen their faith, widen their sym-
pathies, heighten their aspirations, and give them the strength to do what 
ought to be done for this country. 
During this time of transition in the 
Speaker’s office, may all Members renew their hope of a productive dy-namic within the House and, with Your grace, be willing to reset relationships both within and between party con-ferences. 
May Your blessing, O God, be with 
them and with us all this day and every day to come, and may all we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H02NO5.REC H02NO5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7350 November 2, 2015 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from North Carolina (Ms. F OXX) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. FOXX led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE 
OF REPRESENTATIVES 
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following resignation from the House of Representatives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 29, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. 
S
PEAKER RYAN: I write to inform you that 
I have notified Ohio Governor John Kasich of my resignation from the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, effective 11:59 p.m. October 31, 2015. 
At this hour, my heart is full with grati-
tude. I wish to thank the people of Ohio’s Eighth District for giving me the oppor-tunity to serve, my staff for being the linchpins of that service, and my colleagues for honoring me with their trust by electing me their Speaker. Together, we banned ear-marks, cut spending by more than $2 trillion, made the first entitlement reforms in nearly two decades, and made it possible for kids in Washington, D.C.’s toughest neighborhoods to go to great schools. Put another way, we did the right things for the right reasons, and good things happened. It has been an honor to serve. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNA. B OEHNER . 
(Representative John A. Boehner’s resigna-
tion letter to Governor John R. Kasich will be placed in the Congressional Record of No-vember 3, 2015 prior to adjournment.) 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of 
rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Boeh-ner), the whole number of the House is 434. 
f 
MIAMI WALK TO END 
ALZHEIMER’S 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to lend my support to the Miami Walk to End Alzheimer’s, and I urge my fellow south Floridians to come out to Museum Park in down-town Miami this Saturday, November 7, to help advance Alzheimer’s support, care, and research in our community and, indeed, across our great Nation. 
Alzheimer’s is a growing problem in 
Florida, with over half a million sen-iors impacted. And it is not just pa-
tients who suffer. Family members and caregivers, too, often bear the brunt of this tragic and emotionally draining disease. I know this personally, having lost my mother to complications from Alzheimer’s on January 28, 2011. 
Please consider taking a few hours 
out of your weekend to benefit Alz-heimer’s awareness and research for south Florida’s elderly and the families who support and love them. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AMERICA’S VET-
ERANS AND MILITARY FAMILIES 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, next week 
this Nation will celebrate Veterans Day, where we rightly pay tribute to the members of our military, past and present, and honor them with the re-spect and gratitude they deserve. Lib-erty is bought and paid for by the in-comprehensible generosity of these pa-triots. 
We also honor the commitment and 
sacrifices of our military families by celebrating Military Family Month in November. Through deployments, sepa-rations, and moves across the country and overseas, these families inspire us as they endure the extended absence of their loved ones with grace, strength, and devotion. 
America is the land of the free be-
cause we are the home of the brave. I thank our veterans for seeing the value of freedom and rising to America’s de-fense with unfailing strength. I thank our military families for standing with our servicemembers, supporting that 
great bravery, and sharing in the sac-rifice. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO PAUL 
DAVIS RYAN 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, congratulations to America’s new Speaker of the House, P
AULDAVIS 
RYAN. 
I have been grateful to serve with the 
Speaker for a number of years, and I know he is a proven conservative. I know his positive commitment to the people of the First District of Wis-consin and every corner of our Nation, which he visited while campaigning in 2012. 
I look forward to Speaker R
YAN’s 
conservative leadership, cited in the National Journal Daily as ‘‘chief Democratic villain in Washington.’’ He was also condemned as a ‘‘budget- slashing fiend.’’ Despite these attacks, his service will advance meaningful, conservative change for the American people, limiting government, and ex-panding freedom. Congress has a posi-tive leader, as we work to promote a strong national defense of peace through strength. The Economist identified the Speak-
er as a dogmatic conservative with faith in supply-side reform for growth- boosting. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Our sympathy and prayers to the 
people of Russia upon the deaths of 224 persons onboard the Metrojet charter flight in Egypt. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LINDA 
CHMIELEWSKI 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Linda Chmielewski from St. Cloud for receiving a 2015 Nurse of the Year award from the Minnesota March of Dimes. 
Linda, who is the vice president and 
chief nursing officer at St. Cloud Hos-pital—CentraCare Health, was named a recipient of the leadership award. She has effectively overseen the hospital’s nursing department and ensures that her patients receive quality care, mak-ing her fully deserving of this award. 
This is not the first time that Linda 
has been recognized for exemplary work. In 2014, she was honored by the Women’s Health Leadership Trust, again, for her leadership in the healthcare field. 
Nursing is a noble profession. We 
have all been cared for by a nurse, so we all know they go to great lengths for their patients. Without caring indi-viduals like Linda, our healthcare sys-tem would suffer. So it is an honor to recognize her and all nurses for their service. 
Linda, thank you for your hard work 
and dedication to our community. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DENHAM ) laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 30, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on October 30, 2015, at 3:12 p.m., and said to con-tain a message from the President whereby he notifies the Congress of his intention to terminate the designation of Burundi as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk of the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Nov 04, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H02NO5.REC H02NO5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7351 November 2, 2015 
NOTIFICATION OF INTENT TO TER-
MINATE THE DESIGNATION OF THE REPUBLIC OF BURUNDI AS A BENEFICIARY SUB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY UNDER AGOA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–72) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
In accordance with section 
506A(a)(3)(B) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, as amended (AGOA) (19 U.S.C. 2466a(a)(3)(B)), I am pro-viding notification of my intent to ter-minate the designation of the Republic of Burundi (Burundi) as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under AGOA. 
I am taking this step because I have 
determined that the Government of Burundi has not established or is not making continual progress toward es-tablishing the rule of law and political pluralism, as required by the AGOA eli-gibility requirements outlined in sec-tion 104 of the AGOA (19 U.S.C. 3703). In 
particular, the continuing crackdown on opposition members, which has in-cluded assassinations, extra-judicial killings, arbitrary arrests, and torture, have worsened significantly during the election campaign that returned Presi-dent Nkurunziza to power earlier this year. In addition, the Government of Burundi has blocked opposing parties from holding organizational meetings and campaigning throughout the elec-toral process. Police and armed youth militias with links to the ruling party have intimidated the opposition, con-tributing to nearly 200,000 refugees fleeing the country since April 2015. Accordingly, I intend to terminate the designation of Burundi as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under AGOA as of January 1, 2016. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , October 30, 2015. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bills were signed by Speaker pro tempore M
ESSER on Monday, No-
vember 2, 2015: 
H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 to authorize the De-partment of Homeland Security to es-tablish a social media working group, and for other purposes; 
H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-
proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 11 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1607 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 4 o’clock and 
7 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY INSIDER THREAT AND MITIGATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3361) to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3361 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Homeland Security Insider Threat and Mitigation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF INSIDER THREAT 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 111 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 104. INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish an Insider Threat Program within the Department. Such Program shall— 
‘‘(1) provide training and education for De-
partment personnel to identify, prevent, mitigate, and respond to insider threat risks to the Department’s critical assets; 
‘‘(2) provide investigative support regard-
ing potential insider threats that may pose a risk to the Department’s critical assets; and 
‘‘(3) conduct risk mitigation activities for 
insider threats. 
‘‘(b) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a Steering Committee within the De-partment. The Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis shall serve as the Chair of the Steering Committee. The Chief Secu-rity Officer shall serve as the Vice Chair. The Steering Committee shall be comprised of representatives of the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis, the Office of the Chief Information Officer, the Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, the Privacy Office, the Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer, the Of-fice of the Chief Financial Officer, the Fed-
eral Protective Service, the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer, the Science and Technology Directorate, and other compo-nents or offices of the Department as appro-priate. Such representatives shall meet on a regular basis to discuss cases and issues re-lated to insider threats to the Department’s critical assets, in accordance with subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis and the Chief Security Officer, in coordination with the Steering Com-mittee established pursuant to paragraph (1), shall— 
‘‘(A) develop a holistic strategy for Depart-
ment-wide efforts to identify, prevent, miti-gate, and respond to insider threats to the Department’s critical assets; 
‘‘(B) develop a plan to implement the in-
sider threat measures identified in the strat-egy developed under subparagraph (A) across the components and offices of the Depart-ment; 
‘‘(C) document insider threat policies and 
controls; 
‘‘(D) conduct a baseline risk assessment of 
insider threats posed to the Department’s critical assets; 
‘‘(E) examine existing programmatic and 
technology best practices adopted by the Federal Government, industry, and research institutions to implement solutions that are validated and cost-effective; 
‘‘(F) develop a timeline for deploying 
workplace monitoring technologies, em-ployee awareness campaigns, and education and training programs related to identifying, preventing, mitigating, and responding to potential insider threats to the Depart-ment’s critical assets; 
‘‘(G) require the Chair and Vice Chair of 
the Steering Committee to consult with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and other appropriate stakeholders to ensure the Insider Threat Program is informed, on an ongoing basis, by current information re-garding threats, beset practices, and avail-able technology; and 
‘‘(H) develop, collect, and report metrics on 
the effectiveness of the Department’s insider threat mitigation efforts. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion and the biennially thereafter for the next four years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate a report on how the Department and its components and offices have implemented the strategy developed under subsection (b)(2)(A), the sta-tus of the Department’s risk assessment of critical assets, the types of insider threat training conducted, the number of Depart-ment employees who have received such training, and information on the effective-ness of the Insider Threat Program, based on metrics under subsection (b)(2)(H). 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C RITICAL ASSETS .—The term ‘critical 
assets’ means the people, facilities, informa-tion, and technology required for the Depart-ment to fulfill its mission. 
‘‘(2) I
NSIDER .—The term ‘insider’ means— 
‘‘(A) any person who has access to classi-
fied national security information and is em-ployed by, detailed to, or assigned to the De-partment, including members of the Armed Forces, experts or consultants to the Depart-ment, industrial or commercial contractors, licensees, certificate holders, or grantees of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.008 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7352 November 2, 2015 
the Department, including all subcontrac-
tors, personal services contractors, or any other category of person who acts for or on behalf of the Department, as determined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) State, local, tribal, territorial, and 
private sector personnel who possess secu-rity clearances granted by the Department. 
‘‘(3) I
NSIDER THREAT .—The term ‘insider 
threat’ means the threat that an insider will use his or her authorized access, wittingly or unwittingly, to do harm to the security of the United States, including damage to the United States through espionage, terrorism, the unauthorized disclosure of classified na-tional security information, or through the loss or degradation of departmental re-sources or capabilities.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 103 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 104. Insider Threat Program.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
legislation. The bill under consider-ation ensures that the Department of Homeland Security has the authority and congressional mandate to create a robust Insider Threat Program. 
In the Manning and Snowden espio-
nage scandals, two trusted insiders abused their access to classified infor-mation. When Aaron Alexis attacked the Washington Navy Yard, 12 Ameri-cans lost their lives. In the face of these insider threat scenarios, it is vital that government agencies have the tools to detect and disrupt future insider threat situations before damage is done. Unfortunately, all three were able to conduct their traitorous work undetected because the government had at one time vetted and granted them access to secure facilities and in-formation systems. 
H.R. 3361 reinforces the message that 
a security clearance is a privilege granted to individuals who have pledged to protect the American people from threats domestically and abroad. Had investigators more thoroughly scrutinized Edward Snowden’s back-ground, they might have identified dis-turbing trends that made him unfit to hold a clearance of any kind and a po-tential insider threat to U.S. national security. Had Federal adjudicators had access to criminal history records from the Seattle Police Department, they 
would have been aware of Aaron Alexis’ arrest in 2004 on firearms charges and potentially conducted a more rigorous screening of his background prior to authorizing him access to the Wash-ington Navy Yard. 
Trusted insiders, going back to Al-
drich Ames and Robert Hanssen, not only severely damaged national secu-rity, their traitorous actions led to the loss of life. In each case, the post- breach review highlighted that the pre-viously trusted individual exhibited suspicious behavior, but it was not re-ported due to a lack of understanding by colleagues or failures in the reinves-tigation process. 
In describing the new type of insider 
threat represented by Snowden and WikiLeaks, Michael Hayden correctly concluded that, ‘‘in this new, modern, connected era, the trusted insider who betrays us is far more empowered to do damage far greater than these kinds of people were able to do in the past. And therefore we have to be even more vigi-lant.’’ 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has over 280,000 employees, includ-ing tens of thousands with access to classified or sensitive information. The Department has an existing Insider Threat Program and is moving forward to increase security controls on inter-nal systems, but much more remains to be done. 
The bill directs DHS to develop a 
strategy for the Department to iden-tify, prevent, mitigate, and respond to insider threats, and requires DHS to ensure that personnel understand what workplace behavior may be indicative of a potential insider threat and how their activity on DHS networks will be monitored. 
The bill codifies a comprehensive In-
sider Threat Program at DHS that can be implemented throughout the De-partment and its component agencies and, most importantly, reinforces the importance of preventing future insider attacks. 
I want to thank Homeland Security 
Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member 
THOMPSON , Ranking Member H IGGINS , 
and Congressmen K ATKO , DONOVAN , and 
BARLETTA for working with me to bring 
this bill to the floor. The bill went through regular order and received bi-partisan support during subcommittee and full committee consideration. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill so we can establish a comprehen-sive, transparent DHS-wide Insider Threat Program that is a model for the public and private sectors. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3361, the De-
partment of Homeland Security Insider Threat and Mitigation Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3361, the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security Insider Threat and Mitigation Act of 2015, au-thorizes the Department of Homeland Security to address the homeland and 
national security risk posed by trusted insiders. 
Typically, trusted insiders are given 
unrestricted access to mission-critical assets such as personnel, facilities, and computer networks. While DHS, like other Federal agencies, conducts ex-tensive vetting of prospective employ-ees, there remains a risk that someone who gains ‘‘insider status’’ exploits their position to damage the United States through espionage, terrorism, or even the unauthorized disclosure of sensitive national security informa-tion. 
As the ranking member of the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security, I am supportive of the Department of Home-land Security’s current Insider Threat Program. It is targeted at preventing and detecting when a vetted DHS em-ployee or contractor with authorized access to U.S. Government resources, including personnel, facilities, infor-mation, equipment, networks, and sys-tems, exploits such access for nefar-ious, terroristic, or criminal purposes. 
While I support the DHS program, I 
could not support this legislation when it was considered by the full com-mittee because it did not include lan-guage to prevent the somewhat broad authority granted under this bill for being used by DHS to deploy ‘‘contin-uous evaluation.’’ Continuous evalua-tion is an automated system that con-stantly monitors public and private databases for information regarding the credit, criminal, and social media activities of certain individuals. The Defense Department has an extensive pilot underway, and I am concerned that Federal agencies, with the under-
standable urge to protect their IT sys-tems and facilities, are racing to ac-quire this capability before knowing whether such costly systems are even effective. 
At this time, I would like to engage 
in a colloquy with the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) about some con-
cerns I have with the prospect that the Department will use the authority under this act to establish a contin-uous evaluation program. 
b1615 
Would the gentleman agree that it is 
important that, prior to establishing any such program under which certain DHS employees would be subjected to ongoing automated credit, criminal, or social media monitoring, the Depart-ment engages Congress about not only the potential costs and benefits of such a program but what protections would be in place for workers subject to such program? 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. K
ING). 
Mr. KING of New York. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Yes, I agree with the gentleman from 
Mississippi. The implementation of the Insider Threat Program, including a possible continuous evaluation compo-nent, needs congressional oversight and must be transparent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.006 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7353 November 2, 2015 
I look forward to working with the 
gentleman from Mississippi on this issue as we go forward. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
thank the gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, we live at a time when 
the threats to our Nation are complex. None of us want to see someone exploit their access to DHS networks to carry out cybercrimes or other criminal ac-tivity. 
Even as DHS works to detect and 
prevent such threats, it is important that such activities be carried out in a transparent way so as not to compound the chronic morale challenges that exist within the workforce. 
Each time DHS considers making an 
adjustment to its Insider Threat Pro-gram, thoughtful consideration must be paid to whether the operational drawbacks and costs of such an adjust-ment outweigh the benefit of such change. 
That said, I commend General Tay-
lor, the Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis at DHS, for the attention he has given to the insider threat challenge and look forward to continuing to work with him to bolster security within the Department. 
I appreciate the gentleman from New 
York’s cooperation and colloquy. I look forward to the successful passage and approval of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me also at the out-
set thank the distinguished ranking member for his support and his co-operation as this bill has gone forward. I am sure the two of us will be able to continue to work and cooperate as, again, this will be monitored in the fu-ture. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity and all Federal agencies are tar-geted by adversaries on a daily basis. Some of the most damaging attacks to the U.S. Government have been com-mitted by U.S. citizens who have been granted access to government facilities and electronic networks. 
This bill provides the framework for 
DHS to implement an Insider Threat Program that identifies and disrupts malicious insiders who seek to do the Department and its employees harm. It also seeks to protect the Department’s workforce by conducting a transparent process to reinforce cyber hygiene, data security, and awareness of mali-cious activity through a robust train-ing program. 
I want to thank the committee staff, 
especially John Neal and Tyler Lowe. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 
3361. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in support of H.R. 3361, the ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Insider Threat and Mitigation Act.’’ I am in support of this bill because it 
amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to establish an Insider Threat Program, which shall: provide training and education for DHS personnel to identify, prevent, mitigate, and respond to insider threat risks to DHS’s critical assets; provide investigative support re-garding such threats; and conduct risk mitiga-tion activities for such threats. 
The Department of Homeland Security will 
establish a Steering Committee headed by the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis who will serve as the Chair; and the Chief Se-curity Officer of the office as the Vice Chair of the Committee. 
The Under Secretary and the Chief Security 
Officer, in coordination with the Steering Com-mittee, shall: develop a holistic strategy for DHS-wide efforts to identify, prevent, mitigate, and respond to insider threats to DHS’s critical assets; develop a plan to implement the strat-egy across DHS components and offices; doc-ument insider threat policies and controls; con-duct a baseline risk assessment of such threats; examine existing programmatic and technology best practices adopted by the fed-eral government, industry, and research insti-tutions; develop a timeline for deploying work-place monitoring technologies, employee awareness campaigns, and education and training programs related to potential insider threats; consult with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and other stake-holders to ensure that the Insider Threat Pro-gram is informed by current information re-garding threats, best practices, and available technology; and develop, collect, and report metrics on the effectiveness of DHS’s insider threat mitigation efforts. 
Threat mitigation is focused on blunting the 
effectiveness of threats posed by terrorists seeking to carry out attacks in the United States. 
This is a core mission of the Department of 
Homeland Security and this bill will support that mission. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in support of 
this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 3361, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY CLEARANCE MANAGE-MENT AND ADMINISTRATION ACT 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3505) to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to improve the management and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3505 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Homeland Security Clearance Manage-ment and Administration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SECURITY CLEARANCE MANAGEMENT 
AND ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 is amended— 
(1) by inserting before section 701 (6 U.S.C. 
341) the following: 
‘‘Subtitle A—Headquarters Activities’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subtitle: 
‘‘Subtitle B—Security Clearances 
‘‘SEC. 711. DESIGNATION OF NATIONAL SECURITY 
SENSITIVE AND PUBLIC TRUST POSI-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
quire the designation of the sensitivity level of national security positions (pursuant to part 1400 of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or similar successor regulation) be conducted in a consistent manner with re-spect to all components and offices of the Department, and consistent with Federal guidelines. 
‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—In carrying out 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall require the utilization of uniform designation tools throughout the Department and provide 
training to appropriate staff of the Depart-ment on such utilization. Such training shall include guidance on factors for determining eligibility for access to classified informa-tion and eligibility to hold a national secu-rity position. 
‘‘SEC. 712. REVIEW OF POSITION DESIGNATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than July 6, 
2017, and every five years thereafter, the Sec-retary shall review all sensitivity level des-ignations of national security positions (pur-suant to part 1400 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or similar successor regulation) at the Department. 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—If during the course 
of a review required under subsection (a), the Secretary determines that a change in the sensitivity level of a position that affects the need for an individual to obtain access to classified information is warranted, such ac-cess shall be administratively adjusted and an appropriate level periodic reinvestigation completed, as necessary. 
‘‘(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL REPORTING .—Upon 
completion of each review required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate on the findings of each such review, including the number of posi-tions by classification level and by compo-nent and office of the Department in which the Secretary made a determination in ac-cordance with subsection (b) to— 
‘‘(1) require access to classified informa-
tion; 
‘‘(2) no longer require access to classified 
information; or 
‘‘(3) otherwise require a different level of 
access to classified information. 
‘‘SEC. 713. AUDITS. 
‘‘Beginning not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this section, the Inspector General of the Department shall conduct regular audits of compliance of the Department with part 1400 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or similar successor regulation. 
‘‘SEC. 714. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall an-
nually through fiscal year 2021 submit to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.012 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7354 November 2, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on the following: 
‘‘(1) The number of denials, suspensions, 
revocations, and appeals of the eligibility for access to classified information of an indi-vidual throughout the Department. 
‘‘(2) The date and status or disposition of 
each reported action under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) The identification of the sponsoring 
entity, whether by a component, office, or headquarters of the Department, of each ac-tion under paragraph (1), and description of the grounds for each such action. 
‘‘(4) Demographic data, including data re-
lating to race, sex, national origin, and dis-ability, of each individual for whom eligi-bility for access to classified information was denied, suspended, revoked, or appealed, and the number of years that each such indi-vidual was eligible for access to such infor-mation. 
‘‘(5) In the case of a suspension in excess of 
180 days, an explanation for such duration. 
‘‘(b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form and be made publicly available, but may include a classified annex for any sen-sitive or classified information if necessary. 
‘‘SEC. 715. UNIFORM ADJUDICATION, SUSPEN-
SION, DENIAL, AND REVOCATION. 
‘‘Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Homeland Security Advisory Committee, shall develop a plan to achieve greater uniformity within the De-partment with respect to the adjudication of eligibility of an individual for access to clas-sified information that are consistent with the Adjudicative Guidelines for Determining Access to Classified Information published on December 29, 2005, or similar successor regulation. The Secretary shall submit to 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate the plan. The plan shall consider the following: 
‘‘(1) Mechanisms to foster greater compli-
ance with the uniform Department adjudica-tion, suspension, denial, and revocation standards by the head of each component and office of the Department with the au-thority to adjudicate access to classified in-formation. 
‘‘(2) The establishment of an internal ap-
peals panel responsible for final national se-curity clearance denial and revocation deter-minations that is comprised of designees who are career, supervisory employees from com-ponents and offices of the Department with the authority to adjudicate access to classi-fied information and headquarters, as appro-priate. 
‘‘SEC. 716. DATA PROTECTION. 
‘‘The Secretary shall ensure that all infor-
mation received for the adjudication of eligi-bility of an individual for access to classified information that is consistent with the Ad-judicative Guidelines for Determining Access to Classified Information published on De-cember 29, 2005, or similar successor regula-tion, and is protected against misappropria-tion. 
‘‘SEC. 717. REFERENCE. 
‘‘Except as otherwise provided, for pur-
poses of this subtitle, any reference to the ‘Department’ includes all components and offices of the Department.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— 
(1) by inserting before the item relating to 
section 701 the following new item: 
‘‘Subtitle A—Headquarters Activities’’; 
and (2) by inserting after the item relating to 
section 707 the following new items: 
‘‘Subtitle B—Security Clearances 
‘‘Sec. 711. Designation of national security 
sensitive and public trust posi-tions. 
‘‘Sec. 712. Review of position designations. ‘‘Sec. 713. Audits. ‘‘Sec. 714. Reporting. ‘‘Sec. 715. Uniform adjudication, suspension, 
denial, and revocation. 
‘‘Sec. 716. Data protection. ‘‘Sec. 717. Reference.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
legislation. 
In 2013, Director of National Intel-
ligence James Clapper called the num-ber of individuals with clearances ‘‘too high.’’ In a memo to government agen-cies, Director Clapper expressed his concern with the growing number of in-dividuals with access to classified in-formation, particularly TS/SCI clear-ances. 
H.R. 3505 complements the bill the 
House just passed, H.R. 3361. One im-portant element of any Insider Threat Program is knowing who has access to classified information and who has a need to know specific information. 
This bill requires the DHS Secretary 
to conduct a review of all positions within the Department designated as positions of national security to con-firm whether or not those positions continue to require security clear-ances. 
This is an example of good govern-
ment. The bill directs the Department to conduct an inventory of its positions that require security clearances and assess what positions may be duplica-tive or are no longer necessary. 
As we know, security clearances are 
costly to investigate, adjudicate, and maintain. This bill will ensure that DHS conducts a thorough screening of its workforce needs and reduces the number of positions, if determined ap-propriate. 
The bill introduced by Ranking Mem-
ber T
HOMPSON is an example of the ac-
counting that each Federal department should be conducting today and will lead to a more lean and effective De-partment of Homeland Security in the future. 
I urge support for the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3505, the Department of Homeland Se-curity Clearance Management and Ad-ministration Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to start off by 
thanking the chairman of the Counter-terrorism and Intelligence Sub-committee, Mr. K
ING, as well as Chair-
man M CCAUL, for their support of my 
bill. 
I introduced H.R. 3505, the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security Clearance Management and Administration Act, to make specific reforms in how the Department manages its security clearance process. Specifically, H.R. 3505 addresses how DHS carries out the complex and extensive tasks of identi-fying positions that warrant security clearances, investigating candidates for clearances, and administering its clearance adjudications, denials, sus-pensions, revocations, and appeals process. 
Since September 11, there has been a 
massive proliferation of original and derivative classified materials across the Federal Government. Along with the enormous growth of classified ma-terial holdings has come a sizeable growth in the number of Federal posi-tions requiring security clearances. 
H.R. 3505 reflects recent regulations 
issued by the Office of Personnel Man-agement and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to help ensure 
that Federal agencies make correct designations for national security posi-tions and, in turn, avoid the costly ex-ercise of recruiting, investigating, and hiring an individual at a clearance level and salary well above what is nec-essary. 
H.R. 3505 seeks to put DHS on a path 
of right-sizing the position designa-tions for its workforce. Specifically, my bill directs the Secretary of the De-partment of Homeland Security to en-sure that the sensitivity levels of na-tional security positions are designated appropriately across the Department and its components. 
It also requires the Department’s 
Chief Security Officer to audit national security positions periodically to en-sure that such security designations are still appropriate. 
Additionally, the bill requires the 
Department to develop a plan to ensure that adjudications of eligibility for a security clearance are done accurately across the Department. 
Lastly, in response to the growing se-
curity threat from data breaches, this act also provides safeguards for the protection of the applicant’s personal information. 
Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned, my bill 
seeks to take targeted steps at improv-ing critical aspects of how the Depart-ment of Homeland Security admin-isters its security clearance program. 
If enacted, H.R. 3505 would make 
DHS a leader among Federal agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.011 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7355 November 2, 2015 
with respect to security clearance and 
position designation practices. I ask for my colleagues’ support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I once again urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 3505. 
I commend the ranking member, the 
gentleman from Mississippi, for au-thoring this legislation. I am proud to support it. It is a commonsense, good- government bill that will reduce waste and improve security. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, and Ranking Member of the Sub-committee on Border and Maritime Security, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3505 the ‘‘Fu-sion Center Enhancement Act,’’ which would guarantee improvement of security for the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
This bill requires the Homeland Security De-
partment to provide training to appropriate staff of the Department to determine eligibility for access to classified information. 
At least 88 DHS workers have been on ad-
ministrative leave pending resolution of claims against them, according to the office of Sen-ator C
HARLES GRASSLEY (R–Iowa). 
Four workers had been on leave for three 
years or more with another 17 on leave for two years or more. The 88 were placed on leave for a variety of reasons. 
Amongst those reasons it was noted that 13 
were placed on leave due to security clear-ance issues. 
Earlier this year officials said that a data-
base holding sensitive security clearance infor-mation on millions of prior, current, as well as potential federal employees and contractors was compromised, via a Chinese Breach. 
That database was also breached last year 
by the Chinese in a separate incident. 
The bill will ensure that: 1. The Secretary will review all sensitivity 
level designations of national security posi-tions; 
2. Access shall be administratively adjusted 
and an appropriate level periodic reinvestiga-tion completed, as necessary; and 
3. The Inspector General of the Department 
shall conduct regular audits. 
With cyber security threats on the rise 
across the world, and our continued depend-ence on technology we must be ever vigilant of the threats that we face. 
It is for these reasons, as well as the pre-
viously mentioned cases of threats to DHS se-curity clearance, that I seek the support of my colleagues today to support H.R. 3505. 
I am confident that my colleagues will heed 
my advice and realize the need for the enact-ment of H.R. 3505. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 3505. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. FUSION CENTER ENHANCEMENT 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3598) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to enhance the part-
nership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3598 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fusion Cen-
ter Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
FUSION CENTER PARTNERSHIP INI-TIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 210A of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h) is amended— 
(1) by amending the section heading to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 210A. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-
RITY FUSION CENTER PARTNERSHIP INITIATIVE.’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following new sentence: ‘‘Beginning on the date of the enactment of the Fusion Cen-ter Enhancement Act of 2015, such Initiative shall be known as the ‘Department of Home-land Security Fusion Center Partnership Ini-tiative’.’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY SUPPORT AND COORDINA -
TION.—Through the Department of Homeland 
Security Fusion Center Partnership Initia-tive, in coordination with principal officials of fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers and the officers designated as the Homeland Security Advisors of the States, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) coordinate with the heads of other 
Federal departments and agencies to provide operational and intelligence advice and as-sistance to the National Network of Fusion Centers; 
‘‘(2) support the integration of fusion cen-
ters into the information sharing environ-ment; 
‘‘(3) support the maturation and 
sustainment of the National Network of Fu-sion Centers; 
‘‘(4) reduce inefficiencies and maximize the 
effectiveness of Federal resource support to the National Network of Fusion Centers; 
‘‘(5) provide analytic and reporting advice 
and assistance to the National Network of Fusion Centers; 
‘‘(6) review information within the scope of 
the information sharing environment, in-cluding homeland security information, ter-rorism information, and weapons of mass de-struction information, that is gathered by the National Network of Fusion Centers and incorporate such information, as appro-priate, into the Department’s own such in-formation; 
‘‘(7) provide for the effective dissemination 
of information within the scope of the infor-mation sharing environment to the National Network of Fusion Centers; 
‘‘(8) facilitate close communication and co-
ordination between the National Network of Fusion Centers and the Department and other Federal departments and agencies; 
‘‘(9) provide the National Network of Fu-
sion Centers with expertise on Department resources and operations; 
‘‘(10) coordinate the provision of training 
and technical assistance to the National Net-work of Fusion Centers and encourage such 
fusion centers to participate in terrorism threat-related exercises conducted by the Department; 
‘‘(11) ensure, to the greatest extent prac-
ticable, that support for the National Net-work of Fusion Centers is included as a na-tional priority in applicable homeland secu-rity grant guidance; 
‘‘(12) ensure that each fusion center in the 
National Network of Fusion Centers has a privacy policy approved by the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department and a civil rights and civil liberties policy approved by the Of-ficer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department; 
‘‘(13) coordinate the nationwide suspicious 
activity report initiative to ensure informa-tion gathered by the National Network of Fusion Centers is incorporated as appro-priate; 
‘‘(14) lead Department efforts to ensure fu-
sion centers in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers are the primary focal points for the sharing of homeland security informa-tion, terrorism information, and weapons of mass destruction information with State and local entities to the greatest extent prac-ticable; 
‘‘(15) develop and disseminate best prac-
tices on the appropriate levels for staffing at fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers of qualified representatives from State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement, fire, emergency medical, and emergency management services, and public health disciplines, as well as the private sec-tor; and 
‘‘(16) carry out such other duties as the 
Secretary determines appropriate.’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking so much as precedes para-
graph (3)(B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) R
ESOURCE ALLOCATION .— 
‘‘(1) I NFORMATION SHARING AND PERSONNEL  
ASSIGNMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I NFORMATION SHARING .—The Under 
Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall ensure that, as appropriate— 
‘‘(i) fusion centers in the National Network 
of Fusion Centers have access to homeland security information sharing systems; and 
‘‘(ii) Department personnel are deployed to 
support fusion centers in the National Net-
work of Fusion Centers in a manner con-sistent with the Department’s mission and existing statutory limits. 
‘‘(B) P
ERSONNEL ASSIGNMENT .—Department 
personnel referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) may include the following: 
‘‘(i) Intelligence officers. ‘‘(ii) Intelligence analysts. ‘‘(iii) Other liaisons from components and 
offices of the Department, as appropriate. 
‘‘(C) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The 
Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis shall negotiate memoranda of under-standing between the Department and a State or local government, in coordination with the appropriate representatives from fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers, regarding the exchange of information between the Department and such fusion centers. Such memoranda shall include the following: 
‘‘(i) The categories of information to be 
provided by each entity to the other entity that are parties to any such memoranda. 
‘‘(ii) The contemplated uses of the ex-
changed information that is the subject of any such memoranda. 
‘‘(iii) The procedures for developing joint 
products. 
‘‘(iv) The information sharing dispute reso-
lution processes. 
‘‘(v) Any protections necessary to ensure 
the exchange of information accords with ap-plicable law and policies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.014 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7356 November 2, 2015 
‘‘(2) S OURCES OF SUPPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Information shared and 
personnel assigned pursuant to paragraph (1) may be shared or provided, as the case may be, by the following Department components and offices, in coordination with the respec-tive component or office head and in con-sultation with the principal officials of fu-sion centers in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers: 
‘‘(i) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-
ysis. 
‘‘(ii) The Office of Infrastructure Protec-
tion. 
‘‘(iii) The Transportation Security Admin-
istration. 
‘‘(iv) U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(v) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-
forcement. 
‘‘(vi) The Coast Guard. ‘‘(vii) Other components or offices of the 
Department, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—The Under Secretary for Intel-
ligence and Analysis shall coordinate with appropriate officials throughout the Federal Government to ensure the deployment to fu-sion centers in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers of representatives with relevant expertise of other Federal departments and agencies. 
‘‘(3) R
ESOURCE ALLOCATION CRITERIA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
make available criteria for sharing informa-tion and deploying personnel to support a fu-sion center in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers in a manner consistent with the Department’s mission and existing statutory limits.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘in which such fusion center is located’’ after ‘‘region’’; 
(5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘government’’ and inserting 
‘‘governments’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(5) utilize Department information, in-
cluding information held by components and offices, to develop analysis focused on the mission of the Department under section 101(b).’’; 
(6) in subsection (e)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the greatest extent 
practicable, the Secretary shall make it a priority to allocate resources, including de-ployed personnel, under this section from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the Coast Guard to support fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers lo-cated in jurisdictions along land or maritime borders of the United States in order to en-hance the integrity of and security at such borders by helping Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement au-thorities to identify, investigate, and other-wise interdict persons, weapons, and related contraband that pose a threat to homeland security.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘par-ticipating State, local, and regional’’; 
(7) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) the term ‘National Network of Fusion 
Centers’ means a decentralized arrangement of fusion centers intended to enhance indi-vidual State and urban area fusion centers’ ability to leverage the capabilities and ex-pertise of all fusion centers for the purpose of enhancing analysis and homeland security information sharing nationally; and’’; and 
(8) by striking subsection (k). 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY REPORT .—Not later 
than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and annually thereafter through 2022, the Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate on the efforts of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department and other relevant components and offices of the Department to enhance support provided to fusion centers in the Na-tional Network of Fusion Centers, including meeting the requirements specified in sec-tion 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), as amended by subsection (a) of this section. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 210A and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 210A. Department of Homeland Secu-
rity Fusion Centers Initia-tive.’’. 
(d) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, 
rule, or regulation to the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security State, Local, and Re-gional Fusion Center Initiative’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Fusion Center Initia-tive’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the 
gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3598, the Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015. The purpose of this legisla-tion is to clarify and enhance the part-nership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
The bill amends the existing statute 
to update the Department’s respon-sibilities for sharing information with State and local law enforcement and other emergency personnel within the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, State 
and local governments created fusion centers as a way to communicate Fed-eral homeland security information to 
State and local law enforcement offi-cials as well as to fuse State and lo-cally collected information with Fed-eral intelligence. 
Congress supported this partnership 
by mandating that the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis within the De-partment of Homeland Security coordi-nate and share information with fusion centers. There are now 78 State and lo-cally owned fusion centers across the country. 
H.R. 3598 amends existing law to im-
prove the relationship and flow of in-formation between the Federal Govern-ment and fusion centers. 
The bill includes language updating 
the responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security related to sup-
port and coordination within the Na-tional Network. This includes improv-ing coordination with other Federal de-partments to provide better oper-ational intelligence, reducing ineffi-ciencies, and coordinating nationwide suspicious activity reporting. 
As a member of the Homeland Secu-
rity Committee and a former mayor, a concern I have heard from law enforce-ment in my district is a lack of infor-mation and coordination from ICE, CBP, and other DHS component agen-cies. 
I have seen this problem firsthand 
and know that more can be done to help our local law enforcement get the support that they need from the Fed-eral Government. 
This bill is one small step to make 
that fusion center a better resource for the people who know our communities the best: our local law enforcement of-ficers. 
The bill includes language to direct 
DHS to ensure that each component is providing information and personnel to work with the fusion centers. 
To address the need for better ac-
countability, language is included throughout the bill requiring DHS to coordinate with fusion centers and State Homeland Security advisers in carrying out the assigned responsibil-ities. 
b1630 
Additionally, I added a requirement 
for the Department to submit a report to Congress on their efforts, including the components, to support fusion cen-ters and specifically report on how they are meeting the requirements set forth in this bill. 
I want to thank House Intelligence 
Committee Chairman N
UNES , Com-
mittee on Homeland Security Chair-man M
CCAUL and Ranking Member 
THOMPSON , and Subcommittee on 
Counterterrorism and Intelligence Chairman K
INGand Ranking Member 
HIGGINS for working with me to bring 
this bill to the floor. The bill went through regular order and received bi-partisan support during subcommittee and full committee consideration. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill so we can add impor-tant requirements and accountability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.010 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7357 November 2, 2015 
in how the Department of Homeland 
Security interacts and shares informa-tion with key State and local stake-holders. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , 
Washington, DC, October 28, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity, Ford Office Building, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: On September 30, 
2015, your committee ordered H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015,’’ reported. Ad-ditionally, on that same day, your com-mittee ordered H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015,’’ reported. 
As you know, both H.R. 3503 and H.R. 3598 
contain provisions within the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. On the basis of your consultations with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of both bills, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will not assert a jurisdictional claim over ei-ther bill by seeking a sequential referral. This courtesy is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bills or any similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the committee reports for both bills and in the Congres-sional Record during their floor consider-ation. Thank you in advance for your co-operation. 
Sincerely, 
D
EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, October 29, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Support to Fu-sion Centers Act of 2015,’’ and H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015.’’ 
I appreciate your support in bringing both 
of these measures before the House of Rep-resentatives, and accordingly, understand that the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence will not seek a sequential referral on either bill. I acknowledge that by fore-going a sequential referral on these two pieces of legislation, your Committee is not diminishing or altering its jurisdiction with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in these bills or any similar legislation. Additionally, should a conference on either bill be nec-essary, I would support your request to have the Permanent Select Committee rep-resented on the conference committee. 
I will include copies of this exchange in the 
reports for H.R. 3503 and H.R. 3598 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of these bills on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, 
Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3598, the Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015. First of all, let me com-pliment Mr. B
ARLETTA for his bill. 
Those of us who have been around kind of know the confusion that exists among fusion centers throughout the country, and any effort to streamline that confusion is much appreciated. 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill 
seeks to update the law to reflect the evolution of the Department of Home-land Security’s National Network of Fusion Centers as well as the relation-ship of the Department’s Office of In-telligence and Analysis with the fusion centers in the network. 
H.R. 3598, as introduced by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ), clarifies that fusion cen-
ters are State- and locally owned and operated and requires the Depart-ment’s Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis to provide support to centers in its network through the deployment of ap-propriate personnel and providing ac-cess to information. 
Importantly, H.R. 3598 also adds sev-
eral new responsibilities to the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis related to grant guidance, coordinating nationwide suspicious activity reports, and ensuring that fusion centers are the focal points for sharing informa-tion. 
This bill makes several technical 
changes to existing statutory language to help ensure increased information- sharing resources are made available to Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment officials at our National Network of Fusion Centers. 
If enacted, H.R. 3598 will go a long 
way to providing States and localities that have invested significant re-sources in standing up fusion centers to participate in DHS’ National Net-work with the support they need to keep their communities and, ulti-mately, the Nation secure. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I want to ex-
press my support again for this bill and commend the leaders of the commit-tee’s Counterterrorism and Intel-ligence Subcommittee, Mr. K
INGand 
Mr. H IGGINS , for working together to 
advance this timely and important piece of legislation. 
Again, let me thank Mr. B
ARLETTA  
and talk about the longstanding confu-sion that has existed with fusion cen-ters around the country. When created, it was Congress’ hope that everybody would be singing from the same sheet of music. Hopefully this gets us real close to that performance. I urge the passage of H.R. 3598 and look forward to its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the most critical 
responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security is to share threat information with State and local first 
responders. Fusion centers are a key mechanism for that process. The origi-nal requirements directing DHS’ re-sponsibilities towards fusion centers were enacted in 2007. In the past 8 years, there have been significant changes to the information-sharing en-vironment and the fusion centers across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote for H.R. 3598 in order to bolster the information-sharing environment within the Department and between the Department and State and local stakeholders. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3598, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY SUPPORT TO FUSION CENTERS ACT OF 2015 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3503) to require an assessment of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3503 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FUSION CENTER PERSONNEL NEEDS AS-
SESSMENT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment of Department of Homeland Security personnel assigned to fusion centers pursuant to subsection (c) of section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), including an assessment of whether de-ploying additional Department personnel to such fusion centers would enhance the De-partment’s mission under section 101(b) of such Act and the National Network of Fu-sion Centers. The assessment required under this subsection shall include the following: 
(1) Information on the current deployment 
of the Department’s personnel to each fusion center. 
(2) Information on the roles and respon-
sibilities of the Department’s Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis’ intelligence officers, intelligence analysts, senior reports officers, reports officers, and regional directors de-ployed to fusion centers. 
(3) Information on Federal resources, in ad-
dition to personnel, provided to each fusion center. 
(4) An analysis of the optimal number of 
personnel the Office of Intelligence and Analysis should deploy to fusion centers, in-cluding a cost-benefit analysis comparing de-ployed personnel with technological solu-tions to support information sharing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.017 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7358 November 2, 2015 
(5) An assessment of fusion centers located 
in jurisdictions along land and maritime bor-ders of the United States, and the degree to which deploying personnel, as appropriate, from the U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, and the Coast Guard to such fu-sion centers would enhance the integrity and security at such borders by helping Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement au-thorities to identify, investigate, and inter-dict persons, weapons, and related contra-band that pose a threat to homeland secu-rity. 
(6) An assessment of fusion centers located 
in jurisdictions with large and medium hub airports, and the degree to which deploying, as appropriate, personnel from the Transpor-tation Security Administration to such fu-sion centers would enhance the integrity and security of aviation security. 
SEC. 3. PROGRAM FOR STATE AND LOCAL ANA-
LYST CLEARANCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that any program established by the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Se-curity to provide eligibility for access to in-formation classified as Top Secret for State and local analysts located in fusion centers 
shall be consistent with the need to know re-quirements pursuant to Executive Order 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report on the following: 
(1) The process by which the Under Sec-
retary of Intelligence and Analysis deter-mines a need to know pursuant to Executive Order 13526 to sponsor Top Secret clearances for appropriate State and local analysts lo-cated in fusion centers. 
(2) The effects of such Top Secret clear-
ances on enhancing information sharing with State, local, tribal, and territorial partners. 
(3) The cost for providing such Top Secret 
clearances for State and local analysts lo-cated in fusion centers, including training and background investigations. 
(4) The operational security protocols, 
training, management, and risks associated with providing such Top Secret clearances for State and local analysts located in fusion centers. 
SEC. 4. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ASSESS-
MENT. 
The Under Secretary of Intelligence and 
Analysis of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, in collaboration with the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Department and rep-resentatives from the National Network of Fusion Centers, shall conduct an assessment of information systems (as such term is de-fined in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code) used to share homeland security infor-mation between the Department and fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers and make upgrades to such systems, as appropriate. Such assessment shall in-clude the following: 
(1) An evaluation of the accessibility and 
ease of use of such systems by fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
(2) A review to determine how to establish 
improved interoperability of departmental information systems with existing informa-tion systems used by fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. (3) An evaluation of participation levels of 
departmental components and offices of in-formation systems used to share homeland security information with fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
SEC. 5. MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Under Sec-retary of Intelligence and Analysis of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with each fusion center in the National Network of Fusion Centers regarding the type of in-formation fusion centers will provide to the Department and whether such information 
may be subject to public disclosure. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) F USION CENTER .—The term ‘‘fusion cen-
ter’’ has the meaning given such term in sub-section (j) of section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h). 
(2) N
ATIONAL NETWORK OF FUSION CEN -
TERS .—The term ‘‘National Network of Fu-
sion Centers’’ means a decentralized arrange-ment of fusion centers intended to enhance individual State and urban area fusion cen-ters’ ability to leverage the capabilities and expertise of all such fusion centers for the purpose of enhancing analysis and homeland security information sharing nationally. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 3503, the Department of Home-land Security Support to Fusion Cen-ters Act of 2015. 
We have made improvements since 
the 9/11 attacks, the Boston Marathon bombings, and Fort Hood to increase and enhance the Nation’s ability to de-tect and prevent terrorist attacks. However, the elevated potential for at-tacks carried out by individuals either directed or inspired by radical violent extremism reinforces that there is more work to be done, especially breaking down information-sharing stovepipes. Ensuring that the Federal Government is sharing intelligence and homeland security information with State and local officials is a vital com-ponent to that effort. 
In June, I visited the Arizona 
Counter-Terrorism Intelligence Center, or the ACTIC, my State’s fusion cen-ter. I saw firsthand how fusion centers are disseminating Federal threat and intelligence information out to emer-gency responder providers, as well as collecting State and local information, and fusing it with Federal intelligence to enhance terrorist investigations and create a more complete picture. While fusion centers are continuing 
to mature, I am concerned about the lack of small cities’ and rural areas’ representation in fusion centers. As we 
continue to enhance the Nation’s abil-ity to share intelligence information, we need to ensure that all emergency service providers have access to this vital information. 
To help break down the information- 
sharing stovepipes, the ACTIC and 77 other fusion centers across the country need greater access to intelligence and information from the Department of Homeland Security and its compo-nents. 
Mr. Speaker, I introduced H.R. 3503 
along with Chairman M
CCAUL, Chair-
man K ING, and Representatives 
BARLETTA and L OUDERMILK to ensure 
that the Department is providing fu-sion centers with the resources needed to protect our Nation from terrorist at-tacks and other emergencies. This bill passed the Subcommittee on Counter-terrorism and Intelligence and the full Committee on Homeland Security by voice vote with bipartisan support. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) for adding 
two important provisions to this bill during the full committee markup. These provisions ensure that the De-partment of Homeland Security’s infor-mation technology systems are user- friendly for State and local analysts, and require the Under Secretary of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis to sign a memorandum of understanding with each fusion center to ensure that each center is aware of what informa-tion can be publicly disclosed. 
Also, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank 
Chairman N
UNES of the House Perma-
nent Select Committee on Intelligence and his staff for working with me and the Committee on Homeland Security to get this bill to the floor today. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3503, as amended, 
requires the Government Account-ability Office, GAO, to conduct an as-sessment of the Department of Home-land Security personnel detailed to fu-sion centers and whether deploying ad-ditional personnel from several of the departmental components will enhance threat and homeland security informa-tion sharing. Having an unbiased as-sessment of staffing levels and respon-sibilities for Department of Homeland Security personnel deployed to fusion centers will be valuable in making de-cisions moving forward on the appro-priate staffing levels. 
Additionally, this bill applauds the 
effort of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis in establishing a program to provide top secret clearances to appro-priate State and local analysts in fu-sion centers. To ensure that this initia-tive is carried out efficiently and in a manner that ensures operational secu-rity, the bill requires DHS to submit a onetime report to Congress. 
The committee has received testi-
mony from State and local law enforce-ment about the value additional clear-ances will provide. The need for top se-cret clearances was also a key finding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.012 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7359 November 2, 2015 
of the committee’s Foreign Fighter 
Task Force, of which I was proud to be a member. 
It is especially timely that we are 
considering this bill today. This week is the annual conference held by the National Fusion Center Association. This bill will help ensure that our State and local law enforcement offi-cers, as well as fire and EMS personnel, are getting access to the information they need to protect our communities. 
Since the summer, our country has 
been at its highest threat posture since 9/11, given the large number of foreign fighters and ISIS-inspired plots. It is essential that Congress ensure that all of the dots are being connected. 
I urge all Members to support this 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , 
October 28, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: On September 30, 
2015, your committee ordered H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015,’’ reported. Ad-ditionally, on that same day, your com-mittee ordered H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015,’’ reported. 
As you know, both H.R. 3503 and H.R. 3598 
contain provisions within the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. On the basis of your consultations with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of both bills, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will not assert a jurisdictional claim over ei-ther bill by seeking a sequential referral. This courtesy is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bills or any similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the committee reports for both bills and in the Congres-sional Record during their floor consider-ation. Thank you in advance for your co-operation. 
Sincerely, 
D
EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, October 29, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Support to Fu-sion Centers Act of 2015,’’ and H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015.’’ 
I appreciate your support in bringing both 
of these measures before the House of Rep-resentatives, and accordingly, understand that the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence will not seek a sequential referral on either bill. I acknowledge that by fore-going a sequential referral on these two pieces of legislation, your Committee is not diminishing or altering its jurisdiction with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in these 
bills or any similar legislation. Additionally, should a conference on either bill be nec-essary, I would support your request to have the Permanent Select Committee rep-resented on the conference committee. 
I will include copies of this exchange in the 
reports for H.R. 3503 and H.R. 3598 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of these bills on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3503, the Department of Homeland Se-curity Support Fusion Centers Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, this bill was passed unanimously by the committee last month, and I am pleased that it is being considered on the House floor today. 
After the terrorist attacks of 9/11, 
there was broad recognition that the traditional stovepipes to the sharing of homeland security information needed to be cleared and that the Federal Gov-ernment needed to do more to share timely information with State and local partners. 
A key mechanism to fostering such 
information sharing has been the de-velopment of a network of fusion cen-ters across the Nation. These centers allow Federal intelligence and home-land security information to be shared with State and local law enforcement and other key stakeholders. As of today, 77 fusion centers have been stood up by State and local govern-ments and participate in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s National Network of Fusion Centers. 
For fusion centers to realize their 
full promise, it is critical that per-sonnel assigned to fusion centers be able to access Department of Homeland Security information, data, and per-sonnel. In the course of conducting oversight of fusion centers, the com-mittee has learned that not enough State and local analysts and officials assigned to these centers have the TS/ SCI clearances necessary to foster the timely sharing of homeland security information and intelligence. H.R. 3503, for the first time, authorizes DHS to sponsor State and local analysts for se-curity clearances. 
All of us, as the chairwoman has 
said, have heard from our State and locals that this is, indeed, a problem. The approach taken is consistent with ongoing DHS efforts to sponsor TS and SCI clearances on appropriate State, local, tribal, as well as territorial part-ners’ levels. 
In the 14 years since 9/11, there has 
been progress across the Federal Gov-ernment at breaking down institu-tional stovepipes and moving away from a ‘‘need to know’’ to a ‘‘need to share’’ culture. Certainly with the right support and buy-in at the Federal level, the Department’s National Net-work of Fusion Centers holds great promise for fostering more opportuni-
ties to interdict would-be terrorists be-fore they attack and contributing to better awareness, preparedness, and re-sponses at all levels. 
Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gen-
tlewoman from Arizona for this legisla-tion. Again, this is getting us all on the same sheet of music. We absolutely have to have fusion centers operating in uniformity, and we should not have fusion centers doing their own thing. We are fighting this together. The stovepiping of information is not good, and it is not healthy. We have prob-lems identifying bad actors, terrorists, and what have you. So I urge passage of H.R. 3503, the Department of Home-land Security Support to Fusion Cen-ters Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b1645 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
One of the core missions of the De-
partment of Homeland Security is to share threat information with State and local first responders. Fusion cen-ters are a key mechanism for that process. 
As fusion centers continue to mature 
into national assets, Congress must en-sure the Department of Homeland Se-curity is supporting fusion centers with the resources needed to keep our communities safe. 
Once again, I urge my colleagues to 
vote for H.R. 3503. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in support of H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Homeland Security Support Fusion Centers Act of 2015.’’ 
State and major urban area fusion centers 
serve as central points within the state and local environment for the receipt, analysis, gathering, and sharing of threat-related infor-mation between the federal government and state, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector partners. 
H.R. 3503 will require the Under Secretary 
of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), in coordination with the homeland security advisors of the states to provide an assessment of fusion cen-ter personnel needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3503 will amend the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 to improve the management and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Department of Homeland Security. 
Homeland Security advisors must conduct a 
needs assessment of Department personnel assigned to fusion centers pursuant to sub-section (c) of section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. 
The assessment must include information 
on: the current deployment of DHS personnel to each fusion center; the roles and respon-sibilities of Office of Intelligence and Analysis intelligence officers, intelligence analysts, sen-ior reports officers, reports officers, and re-gional directors deployed to fusion centers; federal resources, in addition to personnel, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.020 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7360 November 2, 2015 
provided to each fusion center; whether de-
ploying additional personnel would enhance intelligence and information sharing between DHS and federal, state, local, tribal, and terri-torial partners; fusion centers located in juris-dictions along land and maritime borders of the United States and the degree to which de-ploying personnel from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, and the Coast Guard to such centers would enhance the integrity and security at such borders; and fusion centers located in jurisdictions with large and medium hub airports and the degree to which deploy-ing personnel from the Transportation Security Administration to such centers would enhance aviation security. 
The Under Secretary must submit such as-
sessment to specified congressional commit-tees, together with a report on: the number of personnel assigned to fusion centers from the Office of Intelligence and Analysis; the number of personnel assigned to the National Network of Fusion Centers from components and of-fices of DHS and the methodology for deter-mining the fusion centers to which such per-sonnel are assigned; and an implementation plan for determining how DHS’s personnel re-sources will be allocated to fusion centers in the future. 
H.R. 3503 will help to ensure the safety of 
our fusion centers and the personnel that work within these centers. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for 
H.R. 3503. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3503, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONCERN OVER 
ANTI-ISRAEL AND ANTI-SEMITIC INCITEMENT WITHIN THE PALES-TINIAN AUTHORITY 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 293) expressing concern over anti-Israel and anti-Se-mitic incitement within the Pales-tinian Authority, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 293 
Whereas the 1995 Interim Agreement on 
the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, com-monly referred to as Oslo II, specifically de-tails that Israel and the Palestinian Author-ity shall ‘‘abstain from incitement, includ-ing hostile propaganda, against each other and, without derogating from the principle of freedom of expression, shall take legal measures to prevent such incitement by any organizations, groups or individuals within their jurisdiction’’; 
Whereas the Oslo II agreement further 
states that Israel and the Palestinian Au-thority ‘‘will ensure that their respective educational systems contribute to the peace between the Israeli and Palestinian peoples 
and to peace in the entire region’’; 
Whereas Palestinian Authority incitement 
against Israelis has continued unabated for many years despite periods of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Author-ity; 
Whereas this incitement takes on many 
forms, and has included the glorification of terrorists who have murdered Israeli civil-ians; advocating struggle against Israel de-spite entering into negotiations with Israel; the demonization of Jews and Israelis, in-cluding by the use of anti-Semitic motifs; the denial of Israel’s existence and its delegitimization as evidenced by the absence of Israel on official maps used in Palestinian Authority institutions; and false claims that Israel or the Jews are endangering Muslim holy sites, such as the Al-Aqsa mosque/Tem-ple Mount in Jerusalem; 
Whereas in June 2013, Abbas referenced 
Israeli acts which ‘‘indicate an evil and dan-gerous plot to destroy Al-Aqsa and build the alleged temple’’; 
Whereas on September 16, 2015, Abbas stat-
ed on Palestinian television that ‘‘we wel-come every drop of blood spilled in Jeru-salem. This is pure blood, clean blood, blood on its way to Allah. With the help of Allah, every martyr will be in heaven, and every wounded will get his reward’’; 
Whereas since mid-September 2015 there 
has been a wave of Palestinian violence in Israel and the West Bank, including stabbings, shootings, and other terrorist acts; 
Whereas this situation has been inflamed 
by statements made by Palestinian Presi-dent Abbas, other Palestinian officials, cler-ics, and official Palestinian Authority media, and frequently amplified on social media platforms; 
Whereas these statements have included 
repeated false claims that Israel seeks to change the ‘‘status quo’’ on the Temple Mount/al-Aqsa Mosque compound; 
Whereas despite the incitement-induced 
wave of terrorism, the Palestinian Authority security forces and the Israel Defense Forces have continued security cooperation; 
Whereas section 7038 of the Consolidated 
and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 states that ‘‘none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide equipment, tech-nical support, consulting services, or any other form of assistance to the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation’’; 
Whereas section 7040(e) of the Consolidated 
and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 requires the Secretary of State, if the President waives section 7040(a) of that Act, to ‘‘certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations prior to the obligation of funds that . . . the Palestinian Authority is acting to counter incitement of violence against Israelis and is supporting activities aimed at promoting peace, coexistence, and security cooperation with Israel’’; and 
Whereas the Palestinian Authority has not 
fully lived up to its prior agreements with Israel to end incitement and should do more to prepare the Palestinian people for peace with Israel: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-
tives— 
(1) expresses support and admiration for in-
dividuals and organizations working to en-courage cooperation between Israelis and Palestinians; 
(2) strongly condemns the wave of violent 
attacks in Israel and the West Bank; 
(3) reiterates the strong condemnation of 
anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incitement to violence in the Palestinian Authority as antithetical to the cause of peace; 
(4) calls on the Palestinian Authority to— (A) immediately discontinue incitement to 
violence in all Palestinian Authority-con-trolled media outlets, and officially and pub-licly repudiate attacks against Israelis and engage in a sustained effort to publicly and officially rebuke anti-Israel incitement to violence; 
(B) continue important security coopera-
tion with Israel; and 
(C) agree to unconditionally renew direct 
talks with the Israelis, including the recon-stitution of the Trilateral Commission on In-citement; 
(5) encourages responsible nations to con-
demn in the strongest possible terms incite-ment to violence by the Palestinian Author-ity; 
(6) expresses support for the Government of 
Israel in its fight against terror; 
(7) directs the Department of State to reg-
ularly monitor and publish information on all official incitement by the Palestinian Au-thority against Jews and the State of Israel; and 
(8) calls on the Administration to continue 
publicly repudiating and raising the issue of Palestinian anti-Israel incitement to vio-lence in all appropriate bilateral and inter-national forums. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the esteemed chairman of our full com-mittee, Chairman R
OYCE , and Ranking 
Member E NGEL , who is before us today, 
for their leadership and for helping us to mark up and vote on this resolution at the subcommittee and at the full committee, thereby landing us right here on the floor this afternoon. 
I would also like to thank my friend 
and dear south Florida colleague, rank-ing member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, Mr. D
EUTCH , for joining me in introducing 
this important resolution condemning the anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incite-ment from within the Palestinian Au-thority. 
Sadly, Mr. Speaker, as we have seen 
over the past 2 months in Israel, vio-lence and terror are on the rise, and hardly a day goes by when we don’t hear about yet another attack against innocent Israelis. 
Since the most recent round of at-
tacks began on the Jewish New Year in mid-September, there have been nearly 60 stabbing attacks, 5 shootings, and 6 car-ramming attacks, resulting in 10 deaths and scores more injured. 
Let me repeat that again, Mr. Speak-
er: 60 stabbing attacks, 5 shootings, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.014 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7361 November 2, 2015 
and 6 car-ramming attacks, resulting 
in 10 deaths and many people injured, not to mention the psychological toll that these acts of terror have taken on Israelis. 
Today—today—Mr. Speaker, there 
were two separate stabbing attacks in two different cities. An 80-year-old woman was among the victims, show-ing that these random attacks can hap-pen anywhere, at any time, to anyone. 
When Israeli citizens cannot walk 
out of their homes to go to work or they cannot walk out of their homes to go to the grocery store for fear of yet another terrorist attack, we must hold the Palestinian leadership accountable for its incitement and its unwillingness to ease tensions in the region. 
The resolution before us, Mr. Speak-
er, House Resolution 293, unfortunately is the consequence of the continued failure of the Palestinian leadership. Instead of working toward achieving lasting peace with Israel, what is Abu Mazen, the leader of the Palestinian Authority, doing? He is undermining the peace process. 
Instead of encouraging the Pales-
tinian people and leading them toward a better future, Abu Mazen’s divisive actions are tearing the Palestinians apart, leading them into despair, into hatred, into violence. 
Instead of calling for an emergency 
meeting with Palestinian leaders to discuss a way to walk back the rhet-oric, a way to calm the tensions, no, Abu Mazen called for an emergency meeting at the United Nations Human Rights Council, the preferred platform to spew anti-Israel hatred. 
Why? In an effort to delegitimize the 
Jewish state where he further fanned the flames of violence once again, as he has been doing, Mr. Speaker, since he assumed leadership. 
Already the perpetrators of these 
acts of terror are being glorified—yes, glorified—hailed as heroes, hailed as martyrs. 
Last week, in fact, the Palestinian 
Authority named a street after a Pales-tinian terrorist. What did that person do? He fatally stabbed two innocent Israelis in Jerusalem. 
But where is the world’s condemna-
tion of this? What is the response from the international community? Silence. Too often we see attempts to place this false moral equivalence between the Israelis’ actions and the Palestinians’ because too many are unwilling to ac-cept the truth, and that is that the Palestinian leadership is the problem, not the solution, to the peace process. 
We cannot allow Abu Mazen’s words 
and Abu Mazen’s actions to continue to go unpunished because, as we have seen over the past month and a half, they have consequences and innocent people have died. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, we have an op-
portunity to send a clear message to Abu Mazen, that his words and actions are unacceptable, that we condemn these actions, and that we hold the Palestinian Authority responsible for inciting these recent acts of terror 
against Israeli citizens. 
Palestinian leaders have been indoc-
trinating the Palestinian people with incitement against Israel for genera-tions, and that is not something that is easily reversed. 
But by passing this resolution to-
night, Mr. Speaker, we are sending a message to the Palestinian leader that this behavior will not be tolerated and it will not be unaddressed. This is an opportunity to start to hold Abu Mazen and the PA accountable for their words, accountable for their deadly ac-tions. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
condemning anti-Israel and anti-Se-mitic incitement in all of its forms. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this measure. Let me start by thanking our former 
chair of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , for spon-
soring this resolution. I agree with every word she just said. 
She has been a good friend to the 
state and people of Israel, and this measure, which I am happy to cospon-sor, shows once again that support for Israel in Congress is not a partisan issue. Israel has much bipartisan sup-port in this Congress, and we intend to keep it this way. 
As the Congresswoman has men-
tioned, the violence in Israel has gone from bad to worse in recent days. Day after day, we hear new reports of inno-cent Israeli victims of stabbings or shootings at the hands of Palestinian terrorists. 
I use the word ‘‘terrorist,’’ Mr. 
Speaker, because what they are doing are acts of terrorism. If random people, average citizens, have nothing to do with policy, have nothing to do with politics—they are just civilians that are walking in the street—if they are attacked by a knife or something else that harms them, that is a terrorist at-tack. 
Imagine if we had such things going 
on in the United States. It would have a chilling effect on what people can do, and whether they can move around or can’t move around as a result of it. 
So this is not something that is ran-
dom. It is not something that is con-fined. It can strike anybody at any time, any place, and it is terrorism. 
I have often said that while I support 
a two-state solution, if the Palestin-ians continue to use terrorism because they think it will get them closer to their state, they are wrong. It will pre-vent them from ever having a state if they don’t renounce terrorism. 
That is what this is all about. It is 
the incitement. It is the encouraging of hatred for Israelis and the Jews and for the United States as well. 
This goes on time and time and time 
again, and then we wonder why we have these acts of violence, because you cannot fan the fires and be a leader in it and then suddenly look the other 
way and say, ‘‘Well, you know, we are not encouraging it.’’ 
The Palestinian Authority has been 
irresponsible, and they have been irre-sponsible for many, many years. So, as it has every right to do, Israel has de-fended itself against these attacks, these stabbings and shootings. But this bloodshed must be brought to an end. 
I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that it 
could be in a hurry if Palestinian lead-ers would do the right thing: repudiate the violence and, most importantly, the ceaseless campaign of incitement that demonizes Jews and Israelis and glorifies terrorists. 
Chairman R
OYCE and I will soon send 
a bipartisan letter signed by more than 350 of our colleagues in both parties. I am very, very happy with the over-whelming support we have gotten from our colleagues on both sides of the aisle for this letter. 
That is why Chairman R
OYCE and I 
try to do things in a bipartisan man-ner: because something like this is bi-partisan; support for Israel is bipar-tisan; support against terror is bipar-tisan. 
We have to stand together as Ameri-
cans, regardless of party affiliation, 
and say: we will not countenance ter-ror. And we are going to point fingers at the Palestinian Authority, who has been utterly irresponsible in this whole thing. 
So if Palestinian leaders would do 
the right thing and repudiate the vio-lence and, most importantly, end the ceaseless campaign of incitement that demonizes Jews and Israelis and glori-fies terrorists, this could stop. 
This letter that Chairman R
OYCE and 
I have done, signed by more than 350 of our colleagues, to Palestinian Presi-dent Abbas urges him to take that course, but I cannot say that I have high hopes. After all, this type of rhet-oric by Palestinians against Jews and Israelis and even just Americans, in general, is nothing new. 
In Palestinian books and newspapers, 
on the television and radio, we see and hear a constant message of hatred and incitement. 
From a young age, Palestinians are 
taught that the people of Israel are their enemies and those who use vio-lence are heroes, and this is very, very infuriating. 
It is the fuel that fires the violence 
we are seeing today, and it is a road-block, as I said before, on the path to-wards a two-state solution. 
Palestinians will never build their 
own state on the backs of terrorists. It is a dead end for them, and it is coun-terproductive. They ought to know it. They are doing their people a tremen-dous disservice. 
This resolution calls on Palestinian 
leaders to show real responsibility to reject the violence and end incitement and to return to the negotiating table with no preconditions, sit down and ne-gotiate. 
It reaffirms our commitment to our 
Israeli allies and our desire to see 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.024 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7362 November 2, 2015 
peace for both Israelis and Palestin-
ians. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), who is the chairman 
of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman from Florida for yielding on this important resolu-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, the conflict between the 
Israelis and the Palestinians has reached new levels of terror. Over the past month, Palestinians have stabbed, shot, or run over innocent Israelis al-most every day. The cause of these tragedies is simple: the incitement by Palestinian leaders. 
Of course, our government is on the 
wrong side of this issue. Our govern-ment stands by while Palestinian Au-thority President Abbas praises violent riots on the Temple Mount. 
But the problem is bigger than 
speeches. Palestinian leaders have turned their schools into terrorist breeding grounds that teach hate. 
b1700 
Israel reacted to this violence how 
any other country should react; but the United States State Department cal-lously calls Israel’s self-defense execu-tive force. Like I said, the State De-partment has got it wrong. 
The Palestinians should be called out 
for what they are doing: inciting vio-lence and committing violence. They are responsible for their criminal acts, not the Israelis. We can stand side by side with Israel by condemning these terrorist acts, and the Palestinian leaders should be held personally ac-countable for inciting violence in the Palestinian community. The State De-partment and the world need to quit making excuses for Palestinian terror-ists and hold them accountable for the crimes that they commit. 
I am glad to be an original cosponsor 
of House Resolution 293. I urge its pas-sage so that America and the rest of the world understand that we stand by Israel and not by the terrorists. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), the ranking member of 
the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. 
Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend, Mr. 
E
NGEL . 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-
man R OYCE and Ranking Member 
ENGEL and their staffs for working to 
bring this bipartisan resolution to the floor. I want to thank my friend and colleague and neighbor, Congress-woman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , for 
partnering with me on this effort. 
In the month of October, there have 
been more than 50 stabbings in Israel, there have been attempted stabbings, there have been shootings, there have 
been cars rammed into civilians. Ter-rorists have killed 11 and have wounded more than 10 times that number. In a span of just 12 hours today, there were 4 separate terror attacks. 
This resolution is important because 
these attacks aren’t a protest or a po-litical statement about holy sites or politics. It is terrorism, and it flows from incitement at the highest levels of the Palestinian Government. 
Now, I have said many times that all 
attacks on innocent civilians should be condemned and that they should be condemned regardless of who commits them. Yet I have to point out that, when a revenge attack occurs, com-mitted by Israelis, the Prime Minister of Israel himself condemns that action on national television; but when there are attempted stabbings every single day for nearly 8 weeks, Palestinian leadership does not condemn even one single attack. Instead, we continue to see officials trying to justify acts of terror as an expected part of a religious conflict. 
False accusations about changes at 
the Temple Mount, when they have been repeatedly denied by Israeli lead-ership, send a very dangerous message that violence is necessary to preserve Muslim holy sites when, in fact, those holy sites are not threatened at all. 
Unfortunately, incitement from offi-
cials within the Palestinian Authority is not new. Despite statements from President Abbas that he is committed and has been committed for years to nonviolence, there are still countless examples in official textbooks, on so-cial media pages, and in television speeches that call for an armed conflict and that depict Jews as dirty pigs. 
Mr. Speaker, Secretary Kerry was 
right when he recently said, ‘‘President Abbas has been committed to non-violence. He needs to be condemning this loudly and clearly, and he needs to not engage in the incitement that his voice has sometimes been heard to en-courage; so that has to stop.’’ 
If President Abbas remains com-
mitted to his stated vision of a peace-ful, stable Palestinian state, living side by side with a safe and secure Israel, then now is the time for real leader-ship. Now is the time to go on national television and condemn these attacks. Now is the time to accept the Jor-danian plan for surveillance at the Temple Mount to ensure that religious freedom is, in fact, being protected. 
Now is the time to stop dangerous 
rhetoric, like when he said that he would ‘‘welcome every drop of blood spilled in Jerusalem’’ or when he ac-cused Israel of the ‘‘summary execu-tion of children’’ when, in fact, the 13- year-old whom he referenced was re-ceiving medical care in an Israeli hos-pital after he stabbed two Israeli teen-agers. 
Even before these recent terror at-
tacks, incitement within the Pales-tinian Authority has been well docu-mented. If these are the messages that are sent to Palestinian youth, if they 
never see the State of Israel on a map in their textbooks or if they watch tel-evision programs that glorify attacks on Israelis and Jews, how can we ever expect him to be committed to peace? 
By passing today’s resolution, the 
United States House of Representatives is sending a message. It is a very sim-ple message to the world, that we stand 
with the people of Israel as they face this onslaught of terror and that in-citement spurred by inflammatory, violent rhetoric will not be tolerated. 
We won’t tolerate officials using reli-
gion as a means to spur violence, and we won’t tolerate actions like the re-cent Palestinian-backed resolution at UNESCO that attempted to rewrite history and inflame tension on the ground. 
Our resolution also expresses support 
for individuals and organizations that are working to encourage cooperation between Israelis and Palestinians. Un-fortunately, President Abbas and his government are doing just the oppo-site. 
Mr. Speaker, there must be an end to 
this wave of terrorism. It is time to stop the spread of incitement. This res-olution puts the House on record that incitement leads to violence, and it must end if there is to be a chance for peace. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
resolution. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), who is a member of our Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. ZELDIN. I thank Ms. I LEANA  
ROS-LEHTINEN for her inspiring leader-
ship in bringing forth this bipartisan resolution. 
I am inspired as I listen to the words 
of Mr. D
EUTCH and Mr. E NGEL as this is 
something that allows Americans to unite for a cause of strengthening our relationships with our friends, like Israel, ensuring that we treat our en-emies as our enemies. 
Mr. Speaker, according to the Maariv 
daily, Palestinian Authority President Abbas said in a Ramallah address: 
We will not forsake our country, and we 
will keep every inch of our land. Every drop of blood spilled in Jerusalem is pure. Every Shahid will reach paradise, and every injured person will be rewarded by God. 
The Palestinian Authority President 
said he would insist that a future Pal-estinian state include East Jerusalem as its capital. He said: 
The Al-Aqsa Mosque is ours. The church is 
ours as well. They have no right to desecrate the mosque with their dirty feet. We won’t allow them to do that. 
A top Hamas official in the Gaza 
Strip called on all of the Palestinians to turn their weapons against the Israelis, saying that Allah created man only to wage jihad and to plunge knives into the chests of the enemies. 
We hear a lot of talk about the pur-
suit of a viable two-state solution. It is not just about Israel and its recog-nizing the Palestinians’ right to exist. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.025 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7363 November 2, 2015 
It is also about the Palestinians and its 
recognizing Israel’s right to exist. Yet the Palestinian Authority, by the day, is under more and more influence of an element that will not rest until the other side is wiped off the map. 
I was disturbed when the Secretary 
of State’s spokesperson, John Kirby, said: 
Individuals on both sides of this divide are, 
have been proven capable of, and, in our view, are guilty of acts of terrorism. 
Last month the State Department 
claimed that the Temple Mount status quo was violated. I was just there a couple of months back. I was at a place called Decks Restaurant in Tiberias. It is right on the Sea of Galilee. 
The owner of the restaurant got on 
the microphone—the place was crowded with locals—and she started preaching about her love of America, about her appreciation of the strength of that bond between the U.S. and Israel. 
As she is saying this, a boat pulls in 
off the Sea of Galilee and starts setting off fireworks. As the fireworks start blowing off, they start playing ‘‘God Bless America’’ over the loud speaker. All the locals stood up and were sing-ing along, and if they didn’t know the words, they were lip-syncing it. 
It was such a proud moment. Where 
else in the world can you go where you will find a restaurant at which the owner will get on the microphone and start talking about her love of Amer-ica? 
I value the relationship that we have 
with our friends, such as Israel. We didn’t see the Israeli Prime Minister going on international TV trying to embarrass the President of the United States after there was a hospital 
strike, which the President took re-sponsibility for. 
It is important that we don’t embar-
rass our allies and that we stand with them in tough times. Right now we stand with innocent victims in Israel, who are being targeted by terrorist at-tacks through the incitement of vio-lence by the leadership of the Pales-tinian Authority. 
That is why I am so proud to stand 
here today with Ms. I
LEANA ROS- 
LEHTINEN for, again, her consistent and 
strong dedication and leadership and for her determination in ensuring that this body stands united with Israel every single day. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
In closing, as you have heard from 
everyone who has spoken, the recent surge of Palestinian violence against Israel must stop. It must stop to save innocent lives. It must stop so that ne-gotiations can go forward. It must stop because acts of terrorism are not to be tolerated. 
Any way you look at it, these are ter-
rorist acts, and the only way we can have peace and the only way we can have a two-state solution is if both par-ties sit opposite each other, with no preconditions, and start negotiating. 
I do support a two-state solution—a 
Palestinian Arab state and an Israeli Jewish state—living together in peace 
and harmony; but it is not going to happen if the Palestinian leadership, which is bankrupt in more ways than one, refuses to teach its people the right thing, if it refuses to repudiate acts of terror. 
Mahmoud Abbas, or Abu Mazen—the 
leader of the Palestinians—is, I think, on the eighth year of his 4-year term. He is not really legitimate anymore. The more he talks with rhetoric and incitement, the less relevant he be-comes. 
It is really a shame because I do 
think that the Palestinians deserve better and I do think that, ultimately, they deserve their own state; but they will not have their own state if they re-sort to terror. It is bankrupt, and it is a dead end for them. 
Instead of encouraging these kinds of 
acts of terror against innocent civil-ians, the leadership of the Palestinians ought to be dismissing it, ought to be condemning it, ought to be taking strong stands against it. We have yet to hear, and that is why this resolution is so important. 
This resolution sends the signal that 
Palestinian leaders have a responsi-bility to repudiate this violence and put an end to the horrific campaign of incitement against Jews and Israelis. 
Everyone who spoke today is saying 
the same thing. We are saying the same thing because it is clear as night and day what is going on over there. So I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure. 
The United States will always stand 
with the people of Israel, and the United States will always stand against violence and terrorism wher-ever it rears its head around the world. 
I again thank my good friend, I
LEANA  
ROS-LEHTINEN , for her leadership and 
Mr. D EUTCH for his leadership as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I want to thank the chairman of our 
committee, Mr. R
OYCE , for his help in 
bringing this resolution to the floor after the markup in the subcommittee and the full committee. 
I want to thank Mr. E
NGEL for his 
steadfast support of doing everything that is humanly possible to support ef-forts in getting peace in the Middle East and his support for the demo-cratic Jewish state of Israel. 
I want to thank Mr. D
EUTCH , who is 
my partner on the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. He has been a person who understands the many obstacles to peace that the Pal-estinians encounter because of their failed leadership, and the responsi-bility lies in that leadership. I have had the opportunity to travel to Israel with Mr. D
EUTCH , and I am very thank-
ful for his friendship and for his guid-ance. 
I also want to thank Mr. P
OEand Mr. 
ZELDIN —valued members of our Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs—for their 
perspectives on how to reach peace, be-cause, when all is said and done, this is what this resolution is all about. 
We are condemning the anti-Israel 
and anti-Semitic incitement to vio-lence by the Palestinian Authority, but we do so because this is antithetical to the cause of peace, which is what this body is all about and what the United States’ foreign policy is based on in the Middle East. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, securing a last-
ing peace between Israel and Palestine re-quires a commitment to humanizing the expe-riences of both peoples. Divisive rhetoric de-humanizes people and undermines the pros-pect of long-term peace. This resolution is di-visive. 
Incitement by either party, including Pales-
tinian Authority leaders, is a serious issue and deserves to be condemned. But when we de-nounce the Palestinians and leave no mention of divisive rhetoric by the Israeli government, we do a disservice to Palestinians and Israelis. Just two weeks ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said ‘‘Hitler didn’t want to exterminate the Jews at the time, he wanted to expel the Jews.’’ He laid the blame for the Shoa at the feet of a Pales-tinian Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, Haj Amin al- Husseini. Al-Husseini was a virulent anti-Sem-ite. But Prime Minister Netanyahu’s blaming the idea of the Holocaust on a Palestinian, and by implication Palestinians, deserves to be condemned by this body just as Palestinian incitement does. 
I oppose this resolution, not because the 
Palestinians are not inciting, and not because I believe this incitement should not be con-demned. I oppose this resolution because any resolution that attacks one side while ignoring the other can only further tension and vio-lence. 
If Congress wants to be considered a legiti-
mate arbiter of peace between Israel and Pal-estine we must pursue a balanced approach that calls for an end to incitement on both sides and both leaders to live up to their obli-gations under the Oslo Accords. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ARRIS ). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) that the House 
suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution, H. Res. 293, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1715 
PARTICIPATION OF TAIWAN IN 
THE INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL POLICE ORGANIZATION 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1853) to direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain ob-server status for Taiwan in the Inter-national Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.027 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7364 November 2, 2015 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1853 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PARTICIPATION OF TAIWAN IN THE 
INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL POLICE ORGANIZATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Safety, security and peace is important 
to every citizen of the world, and shared in-formation ensuring wide assistance among police authorities of nations for expeditious dissemination of information regarding criminal activities greatly assists in these efforts. 
(2) Direct and unobstructed participation 
in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation (INTERPOL) is beneficial for all na-tions and their police authorities. Inter-nationally shared information with author-ized police authorities is vital to peace-keeping efforts. 
(3) With a history dating back to 1914, the 
role of INTERPOL is defined in its constitu-tion: ‘‘To ensure and promote the widest pos-sible mutual assistance between all criminal police authorities within the limits of the laws existing in the different countries and in the spirit of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.’’. 
(4) Ongoing international threats, includ-
ing international networks of terrorism, show the ongoing necessity to be ever inclu-sive of nations willing to work together to combat criminal activity. The ability of po-lice authorities to coordinate, preempt, and act swiftly and in unison is an essential ele-ment of crisis prevention and response. 
(5) Taiwan maintained full membership in 
INTERPOL starting in 1964 through its Na-tional Police Administration but was ejected in 1984 when the People’s Republic of China (PRC) applied for membership. 
(6) Nonmembership prevents Taiwan from 
gaining access to INTERPOL’s I–24/7 global police communications system, which pro-vides real-time information on criminals and global criminal activities. Taiwan is rel-egated to second-hand information from friendly nations, including the United States. 
(7) Taiwan is unable to swiftly share infor-
mation on criminals and suspicious activity with the international community, leaving a huge void in the global crime-fighting efforts and leaving the entire world at risk. 
(8) The United States, in the 1994 Taiwan 
Policy Review, declared its intention to sup-port Taiwan’s participation in appropriate international organizations and has consist-ently reiterated that support. 
(9) Following the enactment of Public Law 
108–235, a law authorizing the Secretary of State to initiate and implement a plan to en-dorse and obtain observer status for Taiwan at the annual summit of the World Health Assembly and subsequent advocacy by the United States, Taiwan was granted observer status to the World Health Assembly for six consecutive years since 2009. Both prior to and in its capacity as an observer, Taiwan has contributed significantly to the inter-national community’s collective efforts in pandemic control, monitoring, early warn-ing, and other related matters. 
(10) INTERPOL’s constitution allows for 
observers at its meetings by ‘‘police bodies which are not members of the Organization’’. 
(b) T
AIWAN ’S PARTICIPATION IN  
INTERPOL.—The President shall— 
(1) develop a strategy to obtain observer 
status for Taiwan in INTERPOL and at other related meetings, activities, and mechanisms thereafter; and (2) instruct INTERPOL Washington to offi-
cially request observer status for Taiwan in INTERPOL and to actively urge INTERPOL member states to support such observer sta-tus and participation for Taiwan. 
(c) R
EPORT CONCERNING OBSERVER STATUS  
FORTAIWAN IN INTERPOL.—Not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to Congress a report, in unclassified form, de-scribing the United States strategy to en-dorse and obtain observer status for Taiwan in INTERPOL and at other related meetings, activities, and mechanisms thereafter. The report shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the efforts the Presi-
dent has made to encourage INTERPOL member states to promote Taiwan’s bid to obtain observer status in INTERPOL. 
(2) A description of the actions the Presi-
dent will take to endorse and obtain observer status for Taiwan in INTERPOL and at other related meetings, activities, and mechanisms thereafter. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank 
the chairman of the Asia and the Pa-cific Subcommittee, Congressman M
ATTSALMON , for introducing this im-
portant resolution. 
Taiwan is indeed a strong ally of the 
United States, one which shares our in-terests and values, including an endur-ing commitment to democracy and the freedom of expression. 
Taiwan is a beacon of freedom in the 
Pacific, serving as an inspiration for the world’s oppressed, and it serves as a model for future democratic transi-tions. Unfortunately, however, Taiwan is under increasing pressure from an aggressive China that is attempting to assert its dominance in the Pacific and to isolate Taiwan on the international stage. One organization that China has prevented Taiwan from joining is INTERPOL, the International Criminal Police Organization. 
INTERPOL was created, Mr. Speak-
er, to promote international coopera-tion between criminal police authori-ties; but because of undue Chinese pres-sure, Taiwan is no longer a member of INTERPOL. Taiwan is forced to receive less effective, secondhand information about international criminals and their illicit activities. Likewise, Taiwan can-not share the law enforcement infor-mation that it gathers in order to ben-efit INTERPOL. In China’s efforts to exclude Taiwan 
and in the efforts of some nations to accommodate China, they have ended up hurting Taiwan and the entire international community in the proc-ess. 
So we have this bill before us, Mr. 
Speaker. This bill by Congressman S
ALMON directs the President to re-
quest observer status for Taiwan at INTERPOL, to urge other INTERPOL members to support it, and for the President to develop a strategy to en-sure the participation of Taiwan. 
I am pleased to support this legisla-
tion. I believe that the United States should be helping Taiwan’s meaningful participation in all international orga-nizations and entities in which it has expressed an interest in participating. 
Taiwan’s exclusion from organiza-
tions like INTERPOL is dangerous. It is a dangerous practice. It hurts the international community just as much as it hurts the people of Taiwan. 
We must not allow U.N. politics or 
China’s efforts to isolate Taiwan to ex-clude it from international organiza-tions. It is, therefore, crucial that the United States provide the kind of mili-tary assistance, economic assistance, and political assistance that will allow Taiwan to resist any type of Chinese coercion. 
The Taiwan Relations Act, together 
with the Six Assurances are the corner-stone of U.S.-Taiwan relations, and we must always keep it as our guiding beacon. I know that this is a sentiment that is greatly shared by the members of our Foreign Affairs Committee and by the chairman of our committee, Mr. R
OYCE of California, because the friend-
ship between the people of the United States and Taiwan has cemented into one of the most cherished partnerships. I look forward to the United States Government demonstrating its contin-ued commitment to the people of Tai-wan with the passage of Mr. S
ALMON ’s 
bill. 
I want to thank, again, Chairman 
SALMON for introducing this important 
resolution. I am pleased to offer my support, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to also thank 
Mr. S
ALMON from Arizona, who chairs 
our Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, for authoring this bill. I am proud to be a cosponsor. 
The International Criminal Police 
Organization, what we call INTERPOL, helps law enforcement agencies around the world collaborate with one an-other. Thanks to INTERPOL, a task force in New York can share informa-tion with a police agency in Hamburg or flag a terrorist suspect for authori-ties in Tokyo. 
Sensitive information about crimi-
nals or missing persons is available at the push of a button for INTERPOL’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.030 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7365 November 2, 2015 
members. For decades, it has been a 
vital tool for global security. 
Until 1984, Taiwan was a member of 
INTERPOL; but since the People’s Re-public of China applied for member-ship, Taiwan has been left out. This is ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous. 
Taiwan has the 16th or 17th largest 
economy in the world. And anyone who has ever been to Taiwan, as I have and as my colleague has, will just be amazed at the democracy they have built themselves on that tiny island. The fact is that they look to the United States for protecting them and helping them. Because just like we share the same values with Israel, we share the same values with Taiwan, and that is why we work with them. 
Taiwan has been left out, and this 
gap in INTERPOL’s membership cre-ates a public safety risk for the people of Taiwan and also for the rest of the world. So nobody is saying that China should not be a member, but China should not have the right to exclude Taiwan. 
This legislation would close that gap. 
It would instruct the administration to push for Taiwan to be granted observer status in INTERPOL. Observer status, that is what we are asking for. 
There are countries around the world 
that function as countries, that have everything that all other countries have, and yet, because of politics, they are excluded from these international organizations. Taiwan is one such country. Kosovo is another type of country. 
We have to stop this. People that live 
in these countries need to not bear the brunt of politics, but really need the protections that citizens of other coun-tries have. By our not giving them the protections, we leave ourselves a bit unprotected as well. 
So this legislation would instruct the 
administration to push for Taiwan to be granted observer status in INTERPOL. As an observer, Taiwan would have access to the information that law enforcement agencies already have. It would also allow Taiwan to contribute information to INTERPOL, information that could be used to stop crime or thwart terrorist activity, ar-rest human traffickers, or sideline other bad actors. 
Good precedent exists for giving Tai-
wan this status. Taiwan is an observer in the World Health Assembly, where it has played a vital role in contributing to public health and fighting pandemic disease. 
In fact, Taiwan has repeatedly shown 
itself to be a constructive, positive force in the global community. Coun-tries around the world stand to benefit from Taiwan’s inclusion in inter-national organizations like INTERPOL. So not only does Taiwan benefit, but the rest of the world bene-fits. It is a no-brainer. It is a win-win situation for everybody. 
I support this legislation whole-
heartedly. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I thank my colleague from Florida, 
I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , and the chair-
man from California, E DROYCE . Again, 
we are all in this together. 
This is great bipartisan legislation of 
the Foreign Affairs Committee. It is important for Taiwan and important for the United States. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
before I yield to Mr. S
ALMON , I ask 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), the es-
teemed chairman of our committee, who is here with us now, manage the rest of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
ALMON ). He is the chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific and the author of this important meas-ure. 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman E
DROYCE for bringing this 
important measure to the floor today and for being a constant champion of the people of Taiwan. 
I was able to go on a trip with the 
chairman to Taiwan, and I think that he is as close to royalty in Taiwan as anybody that I have ever met. They love E
DROYCE . In fact, the guy that 
used to be called ‘‘Mr. Taiwan’’ was the former Senator from Arizona, Barry Goldwater, but I think E
DROYCE has 
maybe taken that title away. 
I am just honored to be able to be 
here supporting this bill that he has al-lowed to come to the floor. I have been a long-time supporter of Taiwan, as have Members throughout this body on both sides of the aisle. 
Let me just segue for a minute. A lot of people out there get really, 
really frustrated by the partisan na-ture of what they see happening here in the Nation’s Capital. A lot of people are frustrated: Why can’t both sides just agree? I mean, after all, aren’t we all Americans? 
The interesting thing is I wish more 
Americans could come and see our committee, the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, in action because it is the epit-ome of bipartisanship. Besides the fact that Chairman E
DROYCE leads the 
committee and demands that we ex-hibit bipartisanship, Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL is one of the best men I 
have ever met in my life. And I mean that from the bottom of my heart. 
Whether it is dealing with terrorism 
in the Middle East or fairness across the globe like this issue with Taiwan and common sense, he is always on the right side. He leads his delegation, his folks on that side of the aisle in some-thing that we have long believed, but sometimes it kind of gets lost in the cacophony of arguments here on Cap-itol Hill on other things, but that is that partisanship ends at the water’s edge. My hat is off to you, Mr. E
NGEL , be-
cause you have always exhibited that, and I appreciate the way that you have led this body in that way. 
Taiwan is a wonderful, thriving de-
mocracy. In fact, I had an opportunity as a young man to live there for 2 years, from 1977 to 1979, while serving a mission for my church. While I was there in 1978, the Nixon administration normalized relations with China, recog-nizing the Government of the People’s Republic of China as the sole, legal government of China and declaring it would withdraw diplomatic recognition from Taiwan. The U.S. Government has since articulated a one-China policy, which was a dark turn for U.S.-Taiwan relations. Since then, we have seen a Taiwan that is marginalized in the international community. 
Taiwan’s ambiguous sovereignty sta-
tus has contributed to its exclusion from many, many international organi-zations, despite Taiwan’s obvious will-ingness to play a larger role in inter-national affairs and international secu-rity, as it should. From humanitarian assistance and disaster relief to law en-forcement and global health, so often it has been denied the right to share its knowledge and its expertise in the international fora. 
This bill, H.R. 1853, would improve 
Taiwan’s capability to contribute and benefit from the international commu-nity in the interest of international se-curity. H.R. 1853 would direct the President to develop a strategy to ob-tain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, or INTERPOL. It would also re-quire the President to report to Con-gress on efforts to encourage Taiwan’s 
inclusion in INTERPOL. 
Since the early 20th century, 
INTERPOL has facilitated mutual as-sistance between criminal police au-thorities worldwide through the shar-ing of information, such as access to comprehensive lists of suspicious per-sons and criminals. 
As we all know and, I think, as every 
American knows, terrorism and other nontraditional security challenges no longer end at our borders or anybody’s borders. These threats are global by nature. 
b1730 
In order to secure domestic and 
international security, the sharing of information across borders is vital. Taiwan’s exclusion from INTERPOL hampers efforts to prevent and respond to threats. 
To ensure that potential terrorists 
are barred from entering Taiwan, it is essential that Taiwan have direct ac-cess to INTERPOL and its I–24/7 sys-tem, which provides real-time informa-tion on criminals and global criminal activities. 
Without this access, Taiwan is forced 
to cobble together its own list based on incomplete and untimely information obtained from a small number of friendly countries to Taiwan and Tai-wan’s own domestic intelligence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.031 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7366 November 2, 2015 
Equally important, Taiwan is unable 
to share the information that it gath-ers on criminals and suspicious persons with INTERPOL directly. Mr. E
NGEL  
called this policy silly. I think that that is very, very appropriate and ac-curate. This puts everybody at risk, when we have a policy that plays poli-tics instead of common sense. 
Cooperation between Taiwan and 
INTERPOL could be markedly en-hanced if Taiwan is able to become an observer. H.R. 1853, with 114 bipartisan cosponsors, continues to carry the torch of congressional support for Tai-wan’s membership and inclusion in the international community. 
Taiwan is a vibrant, democratic soci-
ety, with much to contribute to the international community. The United States must do more to fulfill our obli-gations under the Taiwan Relations Act, which provides that the U.S. treat Taiwan the same as foreign countries, nations, states, government, or similar entities. 
This is a vote for U.S. support of Tai-
wan’s inclusion in international af-fairs. This is a vote for international security. I urge my colleagues to vote to support Taiwan’s participation in international policing efforts by sup-porting this legislation, H.R. 1853. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
We are all saying the same thing, and 
I think it really shows how important this legislation is. I want to mention the gentleman from Arizona, as I men-tioned before. He was very kind about some of the things he said about me. 
You need to go on a trip to China or 
Taiwan with the gentleman from Ari-zona because he is very modest, but he speaks fluent Mandarin. He has great diplomatic skills, and the people there really appreciate what he has done. I appreciate him being the author of this important piece of legislation. 
It is true, when we talk about bipar-
tisanship in foreign affairs, it is prob-ably more important than in any other place. I have gone on a number of trips and we have had delegations of Repub-licans and Democrats together, and al-ways, as Americans, the differences that we might have are very, very tiny. 
When you travel together and you go 
to another country, we realize how im-portant it is that, as Americans, we stand united and that other countries respect our country for what our coun-try has done and is doing. That is real-ly important. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Arizona, my friend. He has been a vital force for this legislation, H.R. 1853, but he has also been a vital force on so many other issues on the Committee on Foreign Affairs and global issues that are really just so important. 
When we talk about global issues and 
talk about policy that we need to do, there really are no Democrats and no Republicans. We are all Americans. We want to make sure that other countries respect what we try to do. 
We believe in what this country 
stands for, and we want to have good relations with countries around the 
world. I think it is so important when Members travel there and meet with dignitaries and meet with leaders of the country and meet with other par-liamentarians that people understand what the United States of America is all about. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Arizona for his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
bill, as a strong original cosponsor. I want to thank Mr. E
NGEL , and I want 
to thank Mr. S ALMON and Mr. B RAD 
SHERMAN for this legislation. 
Taiwan is a nation of 23 million peo-
ple. It is a booming democracy, with a free and open media. It is a loyal friend. It is a loyal partner to the United States. 
Taiwan is engaged in important mis-
sions worldwide. We see the results of a lot of that engagement. Ebola is one most recently on our mind. When Ebola hit West Africa, it was Taiwan that donated 100,000 sets of protective equipment that were used to stop the spread of Ebola. It was Taiwan that gave so much in financial resources to help the sickest in Liberia. 
Taiwan today is assisting those who 
have been forced out of their homes by terrorists, whether it is in Syria or Iraq; yet, despite its active and con-structive role internationally, Taiwan is excluded from many international organizations because of its political status. 
While Taiwan voluntarily adheres to 
the rules and the regulations of inter-national organizations like the U.N., it is barred from participating. It is barred from being included in U.N. treaties against transnational orga-nized crime and nuclear proliferation. This is not good for Taiwan, and it is not good for us. 
To better protect its citizens and all 
the people around the world who travel there, Taiwan is seeking observer sta-tus in the International Criminal Po-lice Organization, which many know as INTERPOL. 
This organization enables police from 
190 member countries to work together to make the world a safer place through information sharing, capacity building, and response coordination be-tween police departments. That is 190 countries, but Taiwan is not included. 
The legislation before us today will 
help to secure observer status for Tai-wan at INTERPOL. The measure re-quires the President of the United States to develop and execute a strat-egy to ensure that Taiwan participates in INTERPOL’s next General Assembly meeting, which is coming up in Indo-nesia. This will bring better inter-national law enforcement cooperation with one of our most important part-ners: Taiwan. 
Mr. Speaker, by way of history, Tai-
wan had full membership in INTERPOL starting back in 1964, but 
Taiwan was ejected from the law en-forcement group in 1984, when the Peo-ple’s Republic of China applied for membership. 
Since then, Taiwan has relied on de-
layed secondhand information that they get from the United States about international criminals and global criminal activities, and that, frankly, makes Taiwan more vulnerable to se-curity threats. 
Likewise, Taiwan cannot share the 
law enforcement information it gathers to the benefit, frankly, of INTERPOL and the rest of the community and all of the members of INTERPOL, all the police organizations that try to rely on that. And, of course, we are part of that. We could utilize that benefit. 
Mr. Speaker, the fact that Taiwan 
must rely on a convoluted process, with an added layer of bureaucracy, to access this critical information makes no sense. Taiwan regularly hosts the type of megaevents which often, unfor-tunately, attract terrorist activity, or they could. 
For example, in 2009 Taiwan hosted 
the World Games and had to rely solely on the United States to vet athletes and media lists, and with the U.S.’ help, several suspicious persons were, in fact, identified. They were denied entry into Taiwan. 
In 2017 Taiwan will host the Summer 
Universiade, a student sporting event in which 900 athletes from 170 countries are expected to attend. This event is second only to the Olympics in the number of participants and countries that are represented. 
There must be a more streamlined 
way for Taiwan to access information from INTERPOL. As the number of visitors from Taiwan to the United States has grown exponentially, there is an urgent need to ensure that Tai-wan’s police forces have real-time ac-cess to information on criminal activi-ties and on threats. 
Taiwan entered into the U.S. Visa 
Waiver Program in 2012. Since then, the number of Taiwanese visitors to the United States has increased by nearly 42 percent. From my home State of California, the increase in visitors from Taiwan has been a boon to the economy. 
I am proud to have worked on Tai-
wan’s entry into the Visa Waiver Pro-gram because I know that, as a result of this agreement, Taiwanese Ameri-cans in southern California have a much easier time staying connected to their families, and business travelers are having an easier time, too. 
That is why I am also supporting 
Taiwan’s participation in Customs and Border Protection’s Global Entry pro-gram, which will make two-way travel even easier. 
Mr. Speaker, strengthening Taiwan’s 
law enforcement capabilities benefits American citizens as much as it does the Taiwanese. Every year tens of thousands of Americans travel to Tai-wan, and this bill will certainly help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.033 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7367 November 2, 2015 
Taiwan’s police forces protect Amer-
ican citizens traveling in Taiwan. 
INTERPOL’s constitution allows for 
observers at its meetings by police bod-
ies which are not members of the orga-nization. And so I am confident Taiwan will be able to be an observer. 
H.R. 1853 will support Taiwan’s ef-
forts to gain observer status with INTERPOL. It is going to improve everybody’s security. Mr. Speaker, we must constantly be pressing to ensure that security across the globe is pro-tected. 
Taiwan’s unique political status has 
thus far hindered its inclusion in INTERPOL and is a vulnerable loop-hole for criminals and, frankly, for ter-rorists to target. With this piece of leg-islation, we are sending a clear mes-sage that safety is a priority. 
I want to again commend Represent-
ative M
ATTSALMON of Arizona, chair-
man of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, and, of course, Mr. E
NGEL  
and Mr. S HERMAN for authoring and in-
troducing this important measure. I appreciated working with them on it. 
I will just say this of Mr. S
ALMON as 
well. He has a longstanding interest in Taiwan. His leadership on this measure is very much appreciated by all of us. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-
pared to close on my side. I yield my-self such time as I may consume. 
As I have said, we need to use every 
tool available to combat terrorism and disrupt criminal networks around the world. It only makes sense to have more partners at the table in that ef-fort. 
So bringing Taiwan back into 
INTERPOL as an observer just makes common sense. The more participants in INTERPOL, the more good the orga-nization can do. We should do all we can to bring willing contributors off the sidelines. 
Again, Taiwan was a member and 
was thrown out when everyone recog-nized People’s Republic of China. There is room for both. There should be both. 
I again want to commend my friend, 
Mr. S
ALMON , who is largely responsible 
for this, and our chairman, Mr. R OYCE , 
who I think has more people from Tai-wan in his district than virtually any other district in the country. So he knows quite a bit about Taiwan and quite a bit about what should be done. 
It is something that we are all saying 
the same thing. It makes sense for Tai-wan. It makes sense for the United States. It makes sense for INTERPOL. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1853. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GLOBAL ANTI-POACHING ACT 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2494) to support global anti- poaching efforts, strengthen the capac-ity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2494 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Anti- 
Poaching Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Poaching and the illicit trade in endan-
gered and threatened wildlife are among the most lucrative criminal activities world-wide, worth an estimated $7 to $10 billion an-nually. 
(2) Poaching and wildlife trafficking have 
escalated in scale, sophistication and vio-lence, risking the potential extinction of some of the world’s most iconic species. 
(3) Wildlife poaching and trafficking 
threaten elephants, rhinoceros, and tigers greatly, but also have devastating impact on a number of other species, including sharks, great apes, and turtles. 
(4) The high demand for rare wildlife prod-
ucts has driven prices to historically high levels. 
(5) Much of the demand for wildlife prod-
ucts comes from Asia and is fueled by the perceived medicinal value and social status associated with these products. 
(6) Reporting indicates that a number of 
rebel groups and terrorist organizations, in-cluding Sudan’s Janjaweed militia, the Lord’s Resistance Army, the Seleka rebel movement in the Central African Republic, and Somalia’s al-Shabaab, either participate in or draw funding from illicit wildlife traf-ficking networks. 
(7) Analyses suggest the high demand for 
illegal wildlife products, combined with weak law enforcement and security measures and corruption and governance failures, has led to the increased involvement of transnational organized crime in wildlife trafficking. 
(8) The United Nations Security Council 
has authorized multilateral sanctions against individuals and entities supporting armed groups through the illicit trade in wildlife, in addition to other natural re-sources, in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic. 
(9) A National Intelligence Council anal-
ysis of wildlife poaching threats found that certain African government officials facili-tated the movement of wildlife products, and that these governments’ ability to reduce poaching and trafficking was hindered by corruption and weak rule of law. 
(10) On November 13, 2013, the Secretary of 
State announced the first reward under the Transnational Organized Crime Rewards Program for information leading to the dis-mantling of the Xaysavang Network, a large wildlife trafficking syndicate that is based in 
Laos and spans Africa and Asia. 
SEC. 3. EXPANSION OF WILDLIFE ENFORCEMENT 
NETWORKS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Wildlife enforcement networks are gov-
ernment-led, regionally-focused mechanisms that increase capacity and coordination ef-forts between law enforcement, environ-mental agencies, and other entities focused on countering wildlife trafficking of member countries. 
(2) Currently there are active wildlife en-
forcement networks in Southeast Asia, South Asia, and Central America. The more mature wildlife enforcement networks, such as the Southeast Asia wildlife enforcement network, have proven effective in disman-tling transnational wildlife trafficking net-works and bringing to justice those individ-uals involved in the illegal trade of endan-gered and threatened species. 
(3) Efforts are underway to establish addi-
tional wildlife enforcement networks in Cen-tral Africa, the Horn of Africa, South Amer-ica, and Central and West Asia, among other regions. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—The Secretary 
of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and heads of other ap-propriate agencies should, in an effort to ad-dress regional threats to biodiversity and conservation, support strengthening existing wildlife enforcement networks and the estab-lishment of new networks in other appro-priate regions. 
(c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that in the process of strength-ening and expanding wildlife enforcement networks, the appropriate agencies should— 
(1) assess the existing capacity of wildlife 
enforcement network member countries to gather baseline data that may be used for de-veloping program activities for the wildlife enforcement network; 
(2) establish a central secretariat within 
each wildlife enforcement network that will coordinate the operational mechanisms of each such network; 
(3) establish a focal mechanism in each 
member country of a wildlife enforcement network, that includes representatives from environmental and wildlife protection agen-cies, law enforcement agencies, financial in-telligence units, customs and border protec-tion agencies, and the judiciary system, that will serve as a conduit to the larger wildlife enforcement network and the central secre-tariat; 
(4) strengthen cooperation and the capac-
ity of law enforcement agencies of the wild-life enforcement network; 
(5) facilitate the sharing of intelligence 
and relevant case information within the agencies of a wildlife enforcement network; 
(6) support the cooperation and coordina-
tion between different regional wildlife en-forcement networks; 
(7) incorporate and utilize expertise from 
international bodies and civil society organi-zations that have appropriate subject matter expertise; 
(8) eventually create an institutionalized, 
sustainable, and self-sufficient platform; and 
(9) recognize that lawful, well regulated 
hunting can contribute to sustainability and 
economic development, and that enforce-ment policies should not discourage or im-pede this activity. 
SEC. 4. SUPPORTING THE 
PROFESSIONALIZATION OF THE WILDLIFE LAW ENFORCEMENT SEC-TOR. 
The Secretary of State, the Administrator 
of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Director of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.034 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7368 November 2, 2015 
United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and 
heads of other appropriate agencies, includ-ing the National Park Service and the 
United States Forest Service, should, in an effort to address local and regional threats to biodiversity and conservation and support the rule of law and good governance, pro-mote the professionalization of the wildlife law enforcement sector and professional ranger training in partner countries through support and technical assistance for the fol-lowing: 
(1) The creation and adoption of standards 
for professional ranger training and quali-fications, including in relevant international fora and multilateral agreements. 
(2) Training and accreditation systems 
based on the standards described in para-graph (1) that produce professionally trained and qualified rangers and promote the over-all professionalization of ranger forces, whether through existing United States in-stitutions, such as International Law En-forcement Academies, or through partner-ships with national or regional training in-stitutions. 
(3) Legal reforms, where necessary, to pro-
vide rangers with authority to detain and ar-rest suspects, process crime scenes, present evidence in court, and defend themselves in life threatening situations. 
(4) The development and institutionaliza-
tion of reward and promotion systems for rangers based on performance and set com-petencies. 
(5) The development and institutionaliza-
tion of national systems to provide insur-ance to rangers and their families and com-pensation for those rangers killed in the line of duty. 
(6) Cooperation and coordination between 
local law enforcement tasked with wildlife or park protection and local defense forces, where appropriate, including training oppor-tunities, logistical support, or provision of equipment. 
SEC. 5. DESIGNATION OF MAJOR WILDLIFE TRAF-
FICKING COUNTRIES AND AUTHOR-ITY TO WITHHOLD CERTAIN ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than September 15 
of each year, the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, shall submit to Congress a report that lists each foreign country determined to be a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their deriva-tives, a major transit point of wildlife traf-ficking products or their derivatives, or a major consumer of wildlife trafficking prod-ucts or their derivatives. 
(b) S
PECIAL DESIGNATION .—In each report 
required under subsection (a), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, shall— 
(1) designate each country listed in the re-
port that has failed demonstrably, during the previous 12-month period, to make sub-stantial efforts to adhere to its obligations under international agreements relating to endangered or threatened species; and 
(2) include a short justification for each de-
termination made under paragraph (1). 
(c) W
ITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary of State may withhold assistance de-scribed in subsection (d) with respect to each foreign country that is specially designated under subsection (b). 
(d) A
SSISTANCE DESCRIBED .—The assistance 
described in this subsection are sections 516, 524, and 541 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j, 2344, or 2347), chapter 6 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2348 et seq.), and section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763). 
(e) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State 
shall notify— (1) the government of each foreign country 
that is listed in the report required under subsection (a) that the country has been so listed; and 
(2) the government of each foreign country 
that is specially designated under subsection (b) and is subject to the withholding of as-sistance described in subsection (c). 
(f) R
EPORTING COSTOFFSET .—Section 8 of 
Public Law 107–245 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is re-pealed. 
(g) S
UNSET .—This section shall terminate 
on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING SECU-
RITY ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING AND POACHING IN AFRICA. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United 
States should continue to provide defense ar-ticles (not including significant military equipment), defense services, and related training to appropriate security forces of countries of Africa for the purposes of coun-tering wildlife trafficking and poaching. 
SEC. 7. UPDATES TO THE FISHERMEN’S PROTEC-
TIVE ACT OF 1967. 
Section 8 of the Fishermen’s Protective 
Act of 1967 (22 U.S.C. 1978) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Commerce’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ be-fore ‘‘finds’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘in con-
sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘, as appropriate,’’; 
(D) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5), and by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: 
‘‘(4) The Secretary of Commerce and the 
Secretary of the Interior shall each report to the Congress each certification to the Presi-dent made by such Secretary under this sub-section, within 15 days after making such certification.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘in con-
sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘as the case may be,’’. 
SEC. 8. WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING VIOLATIONS AS 
PREDICATE OFFENSES UNDER RACKETEERING AND MONEY LAUN-DERING STATUTES. 
(a) T RAVEL ACT.—Section 1952 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘or (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3)’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘of this title and (ii)’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘of this title, or (4) any act that is a criminal violation of sec-tion 9(a)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(a)(1)), section 2203 of the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4223), or section 7(a) of the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5305a(a)), if the endangered or threatened species, products, items, or substances in-volved in the violation and relevant conduct, as applicable, have a total value of more than $10,000 and (ii)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) U
SE OF AMOUNTS FROMFINES, FORFEIT -
URES , AND RESTITUTION RELATING TO WILD-
LIFE TRAFFICKING VIOLATIONS .—Any amounts 
received by the United States as fines, for-feitures of property or assets, or restitution to the Government for any violation under this section that involves an unlawful activ-ity described in subsection (b)(i)(4) shall be transferred by the Secretary of the Treasury, to the extent practicable, to the Multi-national Species Conservation Fund and used as provided in advance in appropriations Acts for the benefit of the species impacted by the applicable violation.’’. (b) M
ONEY LAUNDERING .—Section 1956 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(7)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (F), by adding ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) any act or acts constituting a crimi-
nal violation of section 9(a)(1) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(a)(1)), section 2203 of the African Ele-phant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4223), or section 7(a) of the Rhinoceros and Tiger Con-servation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5305a(a)), if the endangered or threatened species, prod-ucts, items, or substances involved in the violation and relevant conduct, as applica-ble, have a total value of more than $10,000;’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) U
SE OF AMOUNTS FROM CIVIL PEN-
ALTIES , FINES, FORFEITURES , AND RESTITU -
TION RELATING TO WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING VIO-
LATIONS .—Any amounts received by the 
United States as fines, forfeitures of prop-erty or assets, or restitution to the Govern-ment for any violation under this section that involves an unlawful activity described in subsection (c)(7)(G) shall be transferred by the Secretary of the Treasury, to the extent practicable, to the Multinational Species Conservation Fund and used as provided in advance in appropriations Acts for the ben-efit of the species impacted by the applicable violation.’’. 
(c) RICO.—Chapter 96 of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 1961(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘or (G)’’ and inserting 
‘‘(G)’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the semicolon at 
the end the following: ‘‘, or (H) any act con-stituting a criminal violation of section 9(a)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(a)(1)), section 2203 of the Afri-can Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4223), or section 7(a) of the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5305a(a)), if the endangered or threatened species, products, items, or substances in-volved in the violation and relevant conduct, as applicable, have a total value of more than $10,000’’; and 
(2) in section 1963, by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(n) U
SE OF AMOUNTS FROM FINES, FOR-
FEITURES , AND RESTITUTION RELATING TO  
WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING VIOLATIONS .—Any 
amounts received by the United States as fines, forfeitures of property or assets, or restitution to the Government for any viola-tion under section 1962 that is based on rack-eteering activity described in section 1961(1)(H) shall be transferred by the Sec-retary of the Treasury, to the extent prac-ticable, to the Multinational Species Con-servation Fund and used as provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts for the benefit of the species impacted by the applicable violation.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) U SE OF AMOUNTS FROM FINES .—Section 
1402(b)(1)(A) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(b)(1)(A)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) sections 1952(f), 1956(j), and 1963(n) of 
title 18, United States Code; and’’. 
(2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS FROM FORFEITURES .— 
Section 524(c)(4)(A) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting before ‘‘or the Postmaster General’’ the following: ‘‘or sec-tion 1952(f), 1956(j), or 1963(n) of title 18,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.022 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7369 November 2, 2015 
SEC. 9. OTHER ACTIONS RELATING TO WILDLIFE 
TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-
retary of State should dedicate sufficient program resources to— 
(1) conduct monitoring and evaluation, 
with a special emphasis where feasible on impact evaluations, of wildlife trafficking programs consistent with the Department of State’s January 2015 Evaluation Policy; 
(2) publish program information on wildlife 
trafficking programs on the Department of State’s Internet website, ‘‘ForeignAssistance.gov’’ in a digital format consistent with the United States commit-ment to the International Aid Transparency Initiative (IATI); and 
(3) develop and implement a learning agen-
da to improve the performance and impact of wildlife trafficking programs and to share best practices among relevant executive branch agencies. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
b1745 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  
an exchange of letters between myself and the chairmen of the Natural Re-sources and Judiciary Committees. 
Mr. Speaker, the very disturbing re-
ality is that some of the world’s most majestic animals have become ‘‘blood currency’’ for terrorist organizations and rebel groups. Some of the same radical organizations that carry out terror for political purposes get their resources by the sale of rhino horns and ivory through the slaughter of these animals in order to fund their terrorist operations. Poachers are tak-ing advantage of under-equipped and undermanned park rangers. As we watch this play out across the sub-Sa-haran continent, they are decimating elephant and rhino populations and trading their tusks. 
In the 1980s, over 1 million African 
elephants roamed the continent’s for-ests and savannahs. That is not that long ago. Today, there are less than 500,000 left. With this explosion in poaching, at these current rates, in about two decades, they will vanish. The rhino would vanish. 
In South Africa, home of the one of 
the largest rhino populations, poachers killed an average of 14 rhinos per year in the 1990s and 2000s. Last year, they killed 1,200—the top year on record. 
This is bigger than security. This, 
frankly, is a security issue for the en-tire planet. As we watch what is devel-oping with these organizations, wildlife 
trafficking is now the most lucrative criminal activity—certainly, one of the most lucrative—around the world. I saw an estimate that poaching in Afri-ca is worth $10 billion in annual income for these radical organizations. 
The Foreign Affairs Committee has 
held several hearings and briefings in which we learned how nefarious groups like al Shabaab, the Janjaweed, and Joseph Kony’s Lord’s Resistance Army benefit from trafficking in wildlife and trading the ivory for guns. An average- size tusk is worth 25 cases of fresh am-munition in central Africa. Twenty- five cases will enable rebel groups to continue to rampage and terrorize ci-vilian populations. 
The U.S. has invested a great deal of 
resources in trying to bring stability to the countries where these armed groups operate: Somalia, Sudan, and the Congo. All of that effort and in-vestment are undermined when these terrorist organizations and rebel groups find these new financial life-lines. We remember the situation with blood diamonds. Well, for the last dec-ade and a half, it has been ivory and rhino horns. 
Mr. Speaker, to address this crisis, 
the Global Anti-Poaching Act tackles wildlife trafficking in several ways. This legislation designates those coun-tries that are ignoring wildlife traf-ficking and allows the Secretary of State to withhold security assistance from the worst offenders. 
In some wildlife trafficking cases, 
foreign governments have been found complicit. A ‘‘naming and shaming’’ of these countries is the minimum we can do if we are to contend with the poach-ing explosion. We know from some of our antitrafficking legislation how much pressure this does, in fact, put on foreign governments. Countries in Asia that are driving the demand for wild-life products also come under the spot-light in this bill. 
In the same tactic of naming and 
shaming that this legislation estab-lishes, it has been used, as I mentioned, not just with traffickers, but also in drug trafficking cases. It is a way to force other countries to become part of the solution, rather than part of the problem. 
To make this big business riskier for 
those who are involved in it, the legis-lation makes wildlife trafficking an of-fense under racketeering and money laundering statutes, going after the international networks that are taking profits out of this. It is the terrorist or-ganizations on the ground doing the work, but it is the international crimi-nal syndicates that then move the ivory around the world. We also have to stop that demand for the ivory. 
The legislation directs that any 
seized assets from these new penalties go toward the conservation of the very species that were trafficked. So when moneys are obtained from those in-volved in the pipeline, it can be em-ployed for that purpose. Mr. Speaker, tackling poaching can 
protect exotic wildlife, increase secu-rity, and help Africa’s development. One of the fastest growing sectors in Africa is ecotourism. In 2014, the indus-try contributed $70 billion to the Afri-can economy and directly employed 8 million people. 
These majestic animals drive tour-
ism in Africa. They drive sustainable development there. But if we don’t bring the slaughter to an end, there might not be any of these animals to see in a few years. 
The park rangers on the front lines 
trying to stop the slaughter at the hands of poachers are outmaneuvered and outgunned. This bipartisan legisla-tion will help even out the fight by pressuring the administration to pro-vide vital security assistance, includ-ing vehicles as well as intelligence and surveillance tools, to these park rang-ers. 
We know the security and economic 
consequences if today’s poaching rates go on unchecked: terrorist and rebels fund their dangerous activities, and the African economy takes a major hit. The legislation before us today is a chance to change this course and to re-verse this course back toward one of sustainable development; back toward one where, in the future, people from around the globe can go to Africa and see these magnificent animals and par-ticipate in building the economy through ecotourism in Africa. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY . 
Washington, DC, October 15, 2015. 
Hon. E DROYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 2494, the ‘‘Global Anti-Poach-ing Act,’’ which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provi-sions in H.R. 2494 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judici-ary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
The Judiciary Committee takes this action 
with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 2494 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2494 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 2494. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.022 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7370 November 2, 2015 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, October 15, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 2494, the Global Anti-Poaching Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this bill or simi-lar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2494 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , 
Washington, DC, October 15, 2015. 
Hon. E DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman, House Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 
2494, the Global Anti-Poaching Act. This bill contains provisions under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
I recognize and appreciate your desire to 
bring this bill before the House of Represent-atives in an expeditious manner, and accord-ingly, I will agree that the Committee on Natural Resources be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources, and that the Committee expressly reserves its authority to seek con-ferees on any provision within its jurisdic-tion during any House-Senate conference that may be convened on this, or any similar legislation. I ask that you support any such request. 
Finally, I also ask that a copy of this let-
ter and your response be included in the Con-gressional Record during consideration of H.R. 2494 on the House floor. 
Thank you for your work on this bill and 
I look forward to its enactment. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, October 15, 2015. 
Hon. R OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-
sources, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 2494, the Global Anti-Poaching Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2494 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your 
cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this measure. 
I want to, first of all, thank my 
friend, the chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee, E
DROYCE , for author-
ing the Global Anti-Poaching Act. I am very proud to be an original cosponsor. This bill, again, is a good example of our committee working across the aisle to get real results. 
On average, one elephant is killed 
every 20 minutes. That is just a shock-ing statistic. So in the 40 minutes we have to debate this bill, two elephants will be killed. Last year, the toll was 20,000. It is just disgusting. 
And make no mistake, these animals 
aren’t being killed for sport. No matter how you feel about big game hunting, the real reason elephants and other iconic animals are being wiped out is far more sinister, and it is why this issue deserves the attention of Con-gress and the administration. Those re-sponsible for poaching are profiting from their crimes by selling ivory or rhinoceros horns or cheetah pelts. 
Where do these profits go? These 
profits go to buy weapons for violent, armed militias, to bribe government officials and law enforcement, and to fuel criminal networks. In short, poaching pumps resources into groups that threaten security and stability, groups that want to do harm to inno-cent people and want to do harm to the United States of America. That is why Chairman R
OYCE and I view wildlife 
trafficking as a security issue, and that is why we introduced the Global Anti- Poaching Act. 
Our bill would bring wildlife traf-
ficking under money laundering and racketeering statutes that are already part of our law. It would support the professionalization of wildlife law en-forcement units on the ground and allow us to provide them nonlethal as-sistance. It would strengthen regional Wildlife Enforcement Networks de-signed to combat poaching, and it would name and shame governments that aren’t taking this problem seri-ously. 
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to 
highlight the excellent work of the Wildlife Conservation Society from my hometown, Bronx, New York. The Wildlife Conservation Society runs the Bronx Zoo and many other cultural in-stitutions in New York City. They have been actively fighting poaching and trafficking for many years. They have been on the forefront of the American fight against poaching and trafficking. It is a pleasure to work with them on this and so many other issues. 
I, of course, have longstanding ties 
with one of their leaders, John Calvelli, who used to be my chief of staff in 
Washington—he ran my Washington of-fice—so I know how dedicated this group is. 
We need to crack down on wildlife 
trafficking, both to deny resources to dangerous organizations and to protect some of the world’s most iconic crea-tures. 
People may feel: Well, if I just buy a 
little ivory doll or I buy something made out of ivory, how can that hurt? After all, it is there. 
It may be cute. It may be trendy. 
What is wrong with it? I will tell you what is wrong with it. It funnels and aids and abets terrorism, because these groups that sell the tusks and sell the ivory are, by and large, groups that get the money back and use it to force ter-ror. 
People who are buying these things 
are not buying some innocent things; 
they are buying things that help ter-rorist organizations. Just like we have the fight with the artifacts that are coming in from Syria that ISIS takes and loots and then sells abroad to help finance their terrorist activities, the same thing is true for ivory and the same reasons are being used: It is being done to funnel this money towards helping sinister groups, many of whom are terrorist organizations. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this bill. This is a very important bill. I thank my friend and partner, Chair-man R
OYCE . 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I just want 
to recognize Mr. E
NGEL ’s commitment 
to conservation on this planet and to his work on this legislation as well. 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. P
OE), chairman of the 
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. He is an original cosponsor of this bill. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chair-
man for yielding. I also thank the chairman and ranking member for their work on this very important piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, around the world, big 
game like elephant and rhinos are get-ting slaughtered. Ivory-seeking poach-ers have killed 100,000 elephants in 3 years. The black rhino population has dropped 95 percent since the early 20th century. In 2007, there were 12 rhinos killed in South Africa; but in 2013 and 2014, over 1,000 were killed each year. 
Regarding elephants, this is a photo-
graph of one of the oldest elephants in existence. Satao was his name. He was in his forties. He was killed for his tusks. They were so long, they drug on the ground. 
That is what is happening to the ele-
phant population in Africa. They are killed not for their meat; they are killed for their tusks. 
Most of the people doing the poach-
ing are really not the locals who poach for an animal to eat. That is not most of the poaching, although that does occur. 
Most of those doing the poaching are 
transnational criminal organizations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.029 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7371 November 2, 2015 
The criminal groups come from places 
like China and Vietnam. China is the number one destination for elephant tusks. Vietnam is the number one world destination for rhino horns. 
Criminal cartels that are involved in 
this trafficking don’t just traffic wild-life. They traffic drugs, weapons, and people. It is all the same group of criminals that are trafficking. They traffic anything for money. 
The wildlife trafficking trade has ex-
ploded in recent years because the criminals understand that profits they get from trafficking wildlife are bigger than what they get for trafficking drugs. 
b1800 
Also, the chances of getting caught 
are less and, if caught, the punishment is less. So that is why wildlife traf-ficking is on the increase. 
A rhino horn is now worth about 
$27,000 per pound. That is twice the value of gold and platinum and more than cocaine and diamonds. 
It should come as no surprise that 
terrorist groups are involved in this as well. I held a hearing in my sub-committee in February on the connec-tion between wildlife trafficking and terrorist groups. The witnesses testi-fied that terrorists are one of several groups involved in wildlife trafficking. And, of course, they do it all for the money. They use the money, as Mr. E
NGEL said, to buy bullets and guns to 
cause terror in Africa and other places in the world. 
Just over the weekend, al Qaeda’s So-
mali affiliate, Al-Shabaab, released photographs of its fighters hunting and killing a giraffe. Here is a photograph of that giraffe that was killed in Afri-ca. It is a recruiting poster for jihad. 
Al-Shabaab put this on its recruiting 
poster. This recent video says: Ter-rorism is in my nation, and we do it for tourism. Therefore, come and help us in jihad. That is a recruiting poster, the killing of wildlife in Africa. 
Killing of elephants is a main rev-
enue source for the Lord’s Resistance Army, led by the infamous Joseph Kony. 
By going after wildlife traffickers, we 
are going after transnational criminal organizations and terrorists. 
But we also must call out, as this 
legislation does, corrupt government officials that give a wink and a nod for allowing the poaching, in their coun-tries, of rhinos, elephants, and others. 
This isn’t just a wildlife problem. It 
is a national security problem. This bill will give our law enforcement the authority it needs to be able to go after criminals and terrorists and help for-eign governments save rhinos and ele-phants from extinction. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, if we 
don’t stop wildlife trafficking of rhinos, elephants, and other animals by terrorist groups, for organized criminal 
activities, the only places our kids and grandkids are going to see rhinos and elephants are at the zoo or in a Disney cartoon. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Again, let me thank Chairman R
OYCE  
for his leadership on this issue, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), and 
all of the people that have worked so hard on this. 
We need to be creative in the way we 
go after financing for violent groups. If nothing is done, I believe the statistic is that, in 11 years, elephants will be extinct in the wild. Isn’t that a trag-edy? Who would have thought? So we need to be creative in the way we go after the financing for violent groups. 
Mr. P
OEpointed out some very, very 
important things about terrorism and criminal activities. So, again, I want to say that, when people buy these things, it is not innocent. They are aiding ter-rorism, and they are aiding crimi-nality. 
We need to use every tool at our dis-
posal, so this legislation does that by going after a critical source of funding for criminals and terrorists. At the same time, it will help to preserve 
some of the world’s most imperiled ani-mals. 
Again, I urge all my colleagues to 
support this measure. I thank Chair-man R
OYCE for his hard work on this 
and so many other things. This is something that everyone needs to sup-port. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, part of the 
tragedy of this can be seen in what happened in Garissa National Park in Africa. The jihadists hit that park in order to take those tusks, in order to get that hard currency and trade those tusks for weapons and for bullets, and then used that weaponry to turn on Garissa University. 
Now, remember, these are jihadists. 
The one thing that Al-Shabaab has in common with the Janjaweed and with these other jihadi organizations is a hatred—just as Boko Haram has this hatred—a hatred of those who study. 
So what did they do? What did they 
do when they had their hands on those weapons? They then went to Garissa University and slaughtered 145 stu-dents after slaughtering the elephants in the parks. 
There is a direct link when jihadi or-
ganizations, as Judge T
EDPOEshared 
with you, carried out these attacks to recruit, to show that they have got the power to kill, that they have got the power to exterminate, to annihilate not just these animal species but human beings as well. 
Mr. Speaker, time is not on our side. 
Each day of inaction means more ani-mals poached, and the coffers of ter-rorist organizations and rebels grow full because the criminal syndicates that buy the ivory give them the weap-ons and give them the money. That has to come to an end. Since the time we started this de-
bate, as Mr. E
NGEL pointed out, two 
elephants have already been poached, have been slaughtered, because one is killed every 15 minutes in Africa. 
It is quite possible, as Mr. E
NGEL said 
and as Mr. P OEalluded, that our chil-
dren could grow up in a world without rhinoceros, without elephants, and it is no exaggeration. Certainly the forest elephant is going to be wiped out; the black rhino is going to be wiped out. 
Do we want to live in that kind of a 
world? Do we want to allow that to happen on our watch? 
The Global Anti-Poaching Act com-
bats today’s unprecedented levels of poaching and wildlife trafficking by holding foreign governments account-able, by adding greater consequences for traffickers in this illicit trade, while also assisting those park rangers on the ground who, frankly, need our help, need the help of our intelligence services, need our satellites and other capabilities, and need a better way in which to defend themselves and those parklands across Africa. 
Some years ago, myself and another 
Member of this body authored legisla-tion to help set up these national parks 
across Africa, the Congo Basin Forest Partnership Act, which Clay Shaw and I authored. 
But today these terrorist organiza-
tions are in the parklands themselves, slaughtering these species. 
I would like to thank the Members 
that have been involved in putting this together and, also, some from the other committees that assisted us, like Chairman G
OODLATTE of the Judiciary 
Committee and Chairman B ISHOP of 
the Natural Resources Committee, for their constructive input and assistance in getting this legislation to the floor. 
And, of course, I would like, in clos-
ing, to recognize, again, Ranking Mem-ber E
NGEL and Representatives P OE, 
SMITH, and B ASSfor their valuable con-
tributions. 
I urge all my colleagues to seize this 
opportunity and vote for H.R. 2494 and then help us bring a little pressure to bear to get this bill out of the Senate. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
reiterate a point I made during the Foreign Af-fairs Committee markup of the Global Anti- Poaching Act, H.R. 2494, which is being con-sidered on the House floor today. 
At the markup in June, I offered a very spe-
cific amendment to this bill that would simply ensure that nothing in Section 6 of this Act shall be construed to authorize the use of the United States Armed Forces in combat activi-ties. Since that time, I am happy to see that the Chairman has amended the text of this legislation to reflect my concerns. 
I think it is important to state, once again, 
that this bill does not authorize the use of U.S. forces in combat activities as a result of fight-ing poaching. At markup the Chairman as-sured me that nothing in this bill could be con-strued to authorize such a combat activity, and the amended text of this bill does more to en-sure that is the case. 
We all know that poaching is a very serious 
problem and I believe this bill is a constructive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.039 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7372 November 2, 2015 
step toward combating that evil. I applaud 
Chairman R OYCE for his work on this impor-
tant legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2494, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 8 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
PARTICIPATION OF TAIWAN IN 
THE INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL POLICE ORGANIZATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on the motion to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
The unfinished business is the vote 
on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1853) to direct the President to develop a strategy to ob-tain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 0, not voting 41, as follows: 
[Roll No. 582] 
YEAS—392 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—41 
Bass 
Buchanan Clay Comstock Crawford Cummings Davis, Danny Ellmers (NC) Fincher Gabbard Gohmert Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee 
Kelly (MS) Kirkpatrick Labrador Lipinski Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Meeks Nadler Payne Pelosi Pingree Rice (NY) Richmond 
Rohrabacher Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Speier Stutzman Takai Westmoreland Whitfield Yarmuth Yoder 
b1856 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
LOUDERMILK ). Pursuant to clause 8 of 
rule XX, the Chair will postpone fur-ther proceedings today on the addi-tional motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken later. 
f 
b1900 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE 
HOUSE REGARDING SAFETY AND SECURITY OF EUROPEAN JEWISH COMMUNITIES 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 354) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 354 
Whereas anti-Semitic rhetoric and acts, in-
cluding violent attacks on people and places of faith, have increased in frequency, vari-ety, and severity in many countries in Eu-rope; 
Whereas the French Service de Protection 
de la Communaute Juive (Jewish Commu-nity Security Service) reported an increase in anti-Semitic acts in France between 2013 to 2014 (from 423 acts to 851), including an in-crease in violent ones (from 105 acts to 241); 
Whereas the Community Security Trust 
reported an increase in anti-Semitic acts in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.024 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7373 November 2, 2015 
the United Kingdom between 2013 to 2014 
(from 535 acts to 1,168), including an increase in violent ones (from 69 to 81); and the Kantor Center for the Study of Contem-porary European Jewry reported an increase in anti-Semitic acts between 2013 and 2014 in Germany (from 788 acts to 1076, including 36 violent acts to 76), Belgium (from 64 acts to 109, including 11 violent acts to 30), Austria (from 137 acts to 255, including 4 violent acts to 9), and Italy (from 45 to 90, including 12 violent acts to 23); 
Whereas the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
tion reported, in its latest available statis-tics, 870 incidents in 2012 with anti-Jewish bias motivation, including 13 violent inci-dents, and 625 incidents in 2013 with anti- Jewish bias motivation, including four vio-lent incidents; 
Whereas anti-Semitic attacks have been 
increasingly directed at places of ordinary daily life and places of worship, including— 
(1) the violent extremist who pledged his 
loyalty to the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham (ISIS) and attacked a kosher super-market in Paris, France, January 9, 2015, murdering four Jewish patrons; and 
(2) the violent extremist who pledged his 
loyalty to ISIS and attacked the Great Syn-agogue in Copenhagen, Denmark, during a bat mitzvah celebration, February 15, 2015, murdering a member of the Jewish commu-nity on security duty, and wounding two members of the Danish Police Service; 
Whereas anti-Semitic attacks are threats 
to the fundamental freedoms, rights, secu-rity, and diversity of all citizens, societies, and countries in which they occur; 
Whereas governments have primary re-
sponsibility for the security and safety of all of their citizens and therefore primary re-sponsibility for monitoring, preventing, and responding to anti-Semitic violence; 
Whereas Jewish community groups that 
focus on strengthening safety awareness, cri-sis management, and preparedness are essen-tial to keeping members of the Jewish com-munity safe, and complement efforts of gov-ernment and inter-governmental entities; 
Whereas keeping members of Jewish com-
munities safe requires government agencies, intergovernmental institutions and agencies, and law enforcement associations, formally recognizing and partnering with Jewish com-munity groups that focus on safety aware-ness and crisis management and prepared-ness; 
Whereas in the United States, United King-
dom, and France, there are examples of for-mal recognition, partnership, training, and information-sharing between government en-tities and Jewish community security groups that have strengthened these countries and contributed to the safety and security of Jewish communities; 
Whereas Jewish community groups, con-
sortia, and initiatives, have formed and are forming to focus on safety awareness, crisis management, and preparedness, and partner with law enforcement entities and thought leaders; 
Whereas information-sharing and action- 
focused campaigns, including the national ‘‘If You See Something, Say Something’’ campaign of the Department of Homeland Security, which rely on members of the pub-lic reporting suspicious activity to law en-forcement personnel, are critical to pre-venting violent attacks on individuals and communities; 
Whereas relevant information, research, 
and analysis is vital to strengthening the preparedness, prevention, mitigation, and re-sponse of Jewish communities and law en-forcement agencies; 
Whereas broader efforts to counter violent 
extremism, and efforts to counter anti-Semi-tism, should be integrated with each other as 
appropriate and share best practices; 
Whereas in the Berlin Declaration of April 
29, 2004, participating States of the Organiza-tion for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) condemned anti-Semitism and com-mitted themselves to specific actions to combat it, and to collect and maintain reli-able information and statistics about anti- Semitic crimes; 
Whereas, on December 6, 2013, the Ministe-
rial Council of the OSCE, which is composed of the Foreign Ministers of participating States, adopted Decision number 3/13 enti-tled ‘‘Freedom of Thought, Conscience, Reli-gion, or Belief’’, emphasizing ‘‘the link be-tween security and full respect for the free-dom of thought’’, and committing member governments to adopt ‘‘policies to promote respect and protection for places of worship and religious sites, religious monuments, cemeteries and shrines against vandalism and destruction’’, among other specific ac-tions; 
Whereas, on December 5, 2014, the Ministe-
rial Council of the OSCE adopted Declara-tion number 8, the Basel Declaration, on ‘‘Enhancing Efforts to Combat Anti-Semi-tism’’, in which members of the Council stat-ed, ‘‘We express our concern at the dis-concerting number of anti-Semitic incidents that continue to take place in the OSCE area and remain a challenge to stability and secu-rity’’ and ‘‘We stress the importance of States collaborating with civil society through effective partnerships and strength-ened dialogue and co-operation on combating anti-Semitism’’; and 
Whereas in 2004, Congress passed the Glob-
al Anti-Semitism Review Act, which estab-lished an Office to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism, headed by a Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-
tives— 
(1) urges the United States Government to 
work closely with European governments and their law enforcement agencies, the Or-ganization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), the European Union, Europol, and Interpol, encouraging them to— 
(A) formally recognize, partner, train, and 
share information with Jewish community security groups to strengthen preparedness, prevention, mitigation, and response related to anti-Semitic attacks and to support re-lated research initiatives; 
(B) consider the formal partnerships in the 
United States, the United Kingdom, and France, between government entities and Jewish community security groups, as exam-ples of partnership, training, and informa-tion-sharing; 
(C) support assessments of the— (i) general environment in which anti-Se-
mitic attacks occur; 
(ii) data on types of crimes committed and 
the response from law enforcement; 
(iii) relationships of Jewish community 
groups with local law enforcement agencies, including joint training opportunities and information sharing; 
(iv) preparedness, including emergency re-
sponse plans, of Jewish community groups; and 
(v) response of local law enforcement sys-
tems to anti-Semitic attacks, including inci-dent reporting, initial response, and the prioritization and prosecution of those crimes; 
(D) utilize these assessments to help make 
adjustments to their strategies and efforts to combat anti-Semitism as needed; 
(E) help Jewish communities develop com-
mon, baseline safety standards; (F) consider developing a standardized pan- 
European information-sharing and alerting system that can include governmental and non-governmental agencies, as well as Jew-ish communities; 
(G) develop safety-awareness and sus-
picious activity reporting campaigns; 
(H) integrate, as appropriate, efforts to 
combat violent extremism and efforts to combat anti-Semitism; 
(I) ensure law enforcement personnel are 
effectively trained to monitor, prevent, and respond to anti-Semitic violence, and to partner with Jewish communities; 
(J) reaffirm and work for the implementa-
tion of the OSCE declarations, decisions, and other commitments focusing on anti-Semi-tism; and 
(K) ensure senior officials, with commensu-
rate authority and resources, have been ap-pointed or designated to combat anti-Semi-tism and collaborate with governmental and inter-governmental agencies, law enforce-ment agencies, Jewish community groups, and other civil society groups; 
(2) reaffirms its support for the mandate of 
the United States Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism as part of the broader policy priority of fostering inter-national religious freedom; and 
(3) urges the Secretary of State to con-
tinue robust United States reporting on anti- Semitism by the Department of State and the Special Envoy to Combat and Monitor Anti-Semitism. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any 
extraneous materials in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, anti-Semitism in Eu-
rope is on the rise. Jewish communities there are on the edge. Fearing this rise in hatred toward them may signal a re-turn to Europe’s darkest days. This sad reality is well documented by authori-tative reports from the Pew Founda-tion, the Anti-Defamation League, and others. 
In 2015, a survey by the Anti-Defama-
tion League showed that over 25 per-cent of European respondents said that they harbored anti-Semitic feelings; and that number had significantly in-creased from the year before in a few countries, such as in the Netherlands and in the United Kingdom. 
It is a phenomenon clearly felt on the 
streets, seen scrawled across syna-gogues and in desecrated burial sites, and even demonstrated in deadly acts of terror. We all recall the horrific at-tacks on the Charlie Hebdo offices and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.025 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7374 November 2, 2015 
the grocery in Paris and the later at-
tacks at a synagogue and a cafe in Co-penhagen. Just last month in Man-chester, four Jewish youths were at-tacked by thugs who shouted their ha-tred of Jews. One of the victims, a 17- year-old boy, had to be hospitalized. 
The rise of such attacks and hate- 
filled rhetoric is causing Europe’s Jews to look over their shoulders and even consider fleeing communities that they have been a part of for over 20 genera-tions, to seek safety elsewhere. 
Targeted violence against the Jewish 
people or any other religious or minor-ity group is repugnant. Sadly, the Jew-ish people have been among the most persecuted in the world. 
When you think of the consequences 
of the Holocaust, when you think of the consequences of the Inquisition, the magnitude of it comes home when you realize that there are as many Jews left alive on this planet today as there were during the early days of the Roman Empire. The slaughter of these people, their persecution, leaves for hu-manity the thought: Have we learned nothing from the Holocaust? 
European leaders must unequivocally 
send this message to their people and act to provide greater protection for their Jewish citizens. 
This important resolution proposes 
several commonsense steps for our Eu-ropean allies to consider to improve the safety of their Jewish commu-nities: 
It calls for establishing partnerships 
between law enforcement and Jewish community groups in order to improve the security plans, training, and en-hanced law enforcement response to these anti-Semitic attacks. 
Improved sharing of information be-
tween government agencies, law en-forcement, and Jewish community groups is another key recommenda-tion. 
Finally, this measure encourages Eu-
ropean nations to improve communica-tion between themselves and with the United States to analyze trends in anti-Semitic crimes and to share best practices in combating extremism. 
As we learned from the Holocaust, 
anti-Semitic sentiment can lay the foundation for persecution of Jewish communities under the guise of polit-ical protest or under the guise of na-tionalistic pride. That is why leaders of free societies everywhere must expose these prejudices for the dangers they pose to their communities. 
I want to recognize Congressman 
C
HRIS SMITH of New Jersey for author-
ing this important measure. And, as al-ways, I thank Ranking Member E
NGEL  
for his help on this measure and in get-ting this bill to the floor. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
support of this timely resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-
man R
OYCE , again, for being on top of all these very important issues. Under 
his leadership, the Foreign Affairs Committee has really taken the lead on important issues such as this. 
I want to also thank Mr. S
MITH from 
New Jersey for sponsoring this resolu-tion. As the chair of the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Human Rights, and International Orga-nizations, C
HRIS SMITH has been fo-
cused on the disturbing surge of anti- Semitism in Europe. He is always there. He always speaks out forcefully about anti-Semitism and other things that are important to him. I am grate-ful for his leadership. 
It is disappointing that we still need 
to take up this sort of measure. As we all know, anti-Semitism, that ancient hatred, has continued smoldering through the centuries. Week after week, we hear reports of new anti-Se-mitic attacks: the vandalism of the Babi Yar Holocaust site in Kiev—I have been there a number of times. It is very disheartening that that would be dese-crated—the targeting of the Great Syn-agogue in Copenhagen; and, of course, the unfathomable attack, as Chairman R
OYCE mentioned, in Paris last Janu-
ary. 
We would be foolish to dismiss this 
surge in anti-Semitism as the work of violent, fringe individuals. In countries like Hungary and Greece, shamefully, we see explicitly anti-Semitic political parties winning seats and elections. It is deeply troubling, very disturbing. 
It wasn’t even a century ago that we 
heard this canary in the coal mine. You can draw a straight line from early indifference and inaction to the darkest chapter in human history. The lessons of the Holocaust are seared in our collective consciousness. Those les-sons are telling us to throw water on this fire before it burns out of control. 
I was born after World War II in New 
York, and I remember hearing family members talking about anti-Semitism. The general prevailing thought was, well, this is something that will never happen again, that the Holocaust was so horrific that world humanity would understand that something like this could never happen again. When I say ‘‘never happen again,’’ I mean to any group—not just to Jewish groups, to any group. 
This cannot be tolerated, and one has 
to just look around the world to see all the hatred and all the people who are being slaughtered because of who they are or what tribe they are from or what people they are from. 
It is particularly galling in Europe, 
where so many people—6 million Jew-ish people—perished during the Holo-caust, that anti-Semitism would rear its ugly head again. One would think that people would be ashamed and would not want to go down the anti-Se-mitic path again. 
Here it is, barely 70 years after the 
end of World War II, and we see an alarming rise. And it is an alarming rise from a lot of different commu-nities. There are skinheads and people who have always uttered anti-Semitic 
remarks. 
We also, unfortunately, have a num-
ber of people living in Europe of Middle Eastern descent who also are using the conflict between Israel and the Pal-estinians to, again, fan the fires of anti-Semitic hatred. As the numbers of people from Arab lands go to Europe, some, unfortunately, are fanning the fires of anti-Semitism. That has to be condemned and stopped as well. 
Anti-Semitism needs to be con-
demned no matter who is espousing it, no matter where it is coming from, and no matter what they are saying. It is really time to call it the way it is. 
So we need greater vigilance by law 
enforcement when Jewish communities in Europe are under threat. But it is not that simple. We also need greater leadership from officials by speaking out against anti-Semitism. We had a bill just a couple of hours ago—maybe not even a couple of hours ago—which talked about the Palestinian leader-ship not condemning anti-Semitism and having incitement of things that result in anti-Semitic attacks. 
So this is the same thing. It is the 
same thing, whether it is in Europe or the Middle East. It is rearing its ugly head, and it is time for us to continue to speak out against it. 
The United States of America has al-
ways been the bastion of society, and the world looks to us for leadership. I think it is very important that the United States Congress is doing this now. 
So we need greater vigilance by law 
enforcement when Jewish communities in Europe are under threat, but it is not that simple. We also need greater leadership from officials by speaking out against anti-Semitism. We need stronger partnerships with Jewish communities to help them develop their own safety responses, community policing techniques, and information sharing with government agencies. 
We need to foster cultures that re-
spect diversity and don’t ostracize mi-nority groups. I condemn any kind of ostracizing of any minority group in this country or around the world. We need to step in and say that we will not tolerate it. 
So this resolution encourages these 
efforts, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Anti-Semitism is rearing its ugly head, but it can be defeated. I think what the Congress is doing today is a very good step in that direction. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
remainder of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the au-
thor of this measure, and I ask unani-mous consent that he be allowed to control the time. Mr. S
MITH, as U.S. 
chairman of the Helsinki Commission, works with our European allies to im-prove the security and improve the safety of these Jewish communities in 
Europe. We appreciate his authorship of this resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.048 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7375 November 2, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank Chairman R OYCE for 
his leadership on this very important human rights issue, as he has done so ably and effectively on all of these issues, particularly his leadership on Iran; and that, of course, would be echoed with E
LIOT ENGEL ’s excellent 
work there as well. This is a group of leaders that have made a huge dif-ference. So thank you, Chairman R
OYCE , for that. 
H. Res. 354, Mr. Speaker, prescribes 
specific, effective actions that govern-ment should take in response to the deadly threats to the Jewish commu-nities in Europe. As we all know, the number of violent anti-Semitic attacks have increased from 100 to 400 percent in some European countries since 2013 alone. Murders in Paris and Copen-hagen and elsewhere remind us that there are those who are motivated by anti-Semitic hate and have the will and the means to kill. 
I would just note parenthetically 
that my work in combating anti-Semi-tism began back in 1981, in my first term, from this very podium, speaking out in favor of Jewish refuseniks. I joined Mark Levin and the NCSJ 1 year later in 1982 on a trip to the Soviet Union where we met with men and women who were targeted by the KGB and the Soviet evil empire simply be-cause they were Jewish. Sadly, anti- Semitism has not abated, and in recent years, it has actually worsened. 
b1915 
This resolution calls for the United 
States Government to work with our European allies on specific actions that are essential to keep European Jewish communities safe and secure. It is based on consultations with the lead-ing experts who are working directly with these communities. The resolu-tion focuses on the formal partnerships between European law enforcement agencies and Jewish community secu-rity groups. 
Here in the United States, Mr. 
Speaker, the collaboration between the Department of Homeland Security and Security Community Network—an ini-tiative of the Jewish Federation of North America and the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations—has been essential to protecting Jewish communities here. 
The formal partnerships between the 
Community Security Trust in the United Kingdom and the Jewish Com-munity Security Service in France and their respective governments are also excellent models that need to be emu-lated. 
The resolution emphasizes the impor-
tance of consistent, two-way commu-nication and information sharing be-tween law enforcement agencies and Jewish community groups. It encour-ages the development of a pan-Euro-pean information sharing, communica-tion, and alerting system, and envi-sions governments, intergovernmental agencies, and Jewish communities 
working together on it. Such a system should function day-round and year- round and include training for per-sonnel who are implementing it. 
The resolution also calls for Euro-
pean governments to support assess-ments in several key areas and accord-ingly adjust their actions and strate-gies. Details matter. The assessments should gather and analyze data on crimes committed, response from law enforcement, types of attacks or inci-dents that are most prevalent, and the types of targets that are most at risk. 
It is essential to understand how law 
enforcement agencies usually receive reports of anti-Semitic crimes and what initial actions they take when a report is filed. 
I remember years ago, when I offered 
a resolution at the OSCE Parliamen-tary Assembly, we heard that it was just hooliganism and other kinds of acts done by young people when you spray-paint a swastika on a tombstone in a Jewish cemetery, when you deface a synagogue, and you attack a man simply because he is wearing a yarmulke. Clearly, these are acts of anti-Semitic hate; yet, they were being dismissed as something that was other. 
Assessments are also needed on Jew-
ish community security groups, par-ticularly of their capabilities, re-sources, relationships with local law enforcement agencies, preparedness, including emergency response plans, and the extent to which their decision-making is based on the best available information, analysis, and practices. 
The resolution calls for governments 
to use these assessments to help these community groups develop common baseline safety standards. These stand-ards should include, as I said before, training, controlling access to physical facilities, physical security measures, including cameras, and crisis commu-nications. Emergency exercises and simulations, mapping access to facili-ties, and sharing information with law enforcement agencies should also be part of the standards. 
These assessments, Mr. Speaker, will 
help achieve the resolution’s call for law enforcement personnel to be well trained to monitor, prevent, and re-spond to anti-Semitic violence and to partner with Jewish communities. For all of these assessments, governments should draw information from sources that include Jewish groups, law en-forcement agencies, independent human rights NGOs, research initia-tives, and other civil society groups and leaders. 
H. Res. 354 calls for safety awareness 
and suspicious activity reporting cam-paigns, like ‘‘If you see something, say something’’ here in the United States. Other aspects of the resolution include appropriately integrating initiatives to counter violent extremism and those to combat anti-Semitism and the urgency of implementing the declarations, deci-sions, and other commitments of the Organization for Security and Coopera-tion in Europe that focus on anti-Semi-
tism. 
To accomplish these goals, the reso-
lution calls for European governments to ensure that they appoint or des-ignate senior officials with the nec-essary authority and resources to com-bat anti-Semitism and collaborate with governmental and intergovern-mental agencies, law enforcement, and Jewish community groups. 
Finally, the resolution reaffirms sup-
port for the mandate of the United States Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism as part of the broader policy of fostering inter-national religious freedom and urges the Secretary of State to continue ro-bust U.S. reporting on anti-Semitism by the Department of State and the Special Envoy to Combat and Monitor Anti-Semitism. 
I would note parenthetically that I 
authored the amendment to the Global Anti-Semitism Review Act of 2004, in-troduced and sponsored by Senator Voinovich. My amendment created the Office to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism within the State Depart-ment. That has proven to be a key tool in this fight. 
Mr. Speaker, the resolution has the 
support of leading organizations, and it has 89 cosponsors, including all eight of the co-chairs of the Bipartisan Taskforce for Combating Anti-Semi-tism. 
I would like to acknowledge, Mr. 
Speaker, John Farmer, Jr., and Paul Goldenberg for their tireless efforts and dedication and leadership in fight-ing anti-Semitism and terrorism over the years. 
John is a former attorney general of 
New Jersey and is now on the steering committee of the Institute for Emer-gency Preparedness and Homeland Se-curity and is the codirector of the Faith-Based Communities Security Program at Rutgers University. 
Paul is the executive director of the 
Secure Community Network and a sen-ior adviser to the Institute and the pro-gram. Several major Jewish commu-nities in Europe have relied on their counsel, and both have spent time on the ground within these communities. 
Finally, I would like to acknowledge 
and single out for very, very special thanks and recognition Rabbi Andy Baker, personal representative of the OSCE chair in the Office on Combating Anti-Semitism and director of the International Jewish Affairs for the American Jewish Committee. He has been critical—critical—to American leadership in Europe and in the United States in the fight against anti-Semi-tism. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), my good friend and 
the ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
particularly thank Chairman E
DROYCE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.049 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7376 November 2, 2015 
and my good friend, our ranking mem-
ber of the committee, E LIOT ENGEL , 
and all those who were so involved in putting this important resolution to-gether. 
I rise in support of House Resolution 
354. It was introduced by the co-chairs of the Bipartisan Taskforce for Com-bating Anti-Semitism. In the after-math of appalling anti-Semitic inci-dents throughout Europe, including the devastating terrorist attacks at the Paris kosher supermarket and the Great Synagogue of Copenhagen, this important resolution urges the United States Government to help improve the safety and security of Jewish commu-nities in Europe. 
From Austria to Belgium, Germany 
to the United Kingdom, Ukraine to France, there has been a sharp rise in assaults on Jewish individuals and acts of vandalism on Jewish places of wor-ship, cemeteries, and memorials. Such destruction and desecration is unac-ceptable and must be stopped. That is why this resolution is so critical. 
It highlights specific ways the ad-
ministration can work with European governments, especially law enforce-ment agencies, to formally recognize and partner with Jewish organizations to develop common safety standards, alert systems, information-sharing mechanisms, and ensure that local law enforcement personnel are effectively trained to monitor, prevent, and re-spond to anti-Semitic violence. 
I want to express my appreciation to 
my fellow co-chairs of the Anti-Semi-tism Taskforce, Representatives S
MITH, 
ENGEL , G RANGER , I SRAEL , R OS- 
LEHTINEN , DEUTCH , and R OSKAM . The 
task force remains committed to work-ing across regions, religions, and party lines to condemn all anti-Semitism and fight for the right of Jews to live freely as Jews without fear. 
Before closing, I also want to express 
my strong support for H. Res. 293, which condemns anti-Israel and anti- Semitic incitement within the Pales-tinian Authority and calls on President Abbas to discourage such despicable be-havior. 
The latest cycle of terrorism against 
Israel must end. The only way it will end is if Palestinian leaders take gen-uine and immediate steps to denounce all violence and promote security co-operation, coexistence, and peace with Israel. 
As the ranking member of the Sub-
committee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs of the Committee on Appropriations, I will continue to do everything in my power to bolster Israel’s security to combat incitement and to promote stability and peaceful coexistence throughout the world. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ), the chair of the Sub-
committee on the Middle East and North Africa of the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and the former chair of the full committee. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of Mr. S
MITH’s 
bill, House Resolution 354, expressing the sense of the House of Representa-tives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe. I was an original cosponsor of this reso-lution. 
I want to highlight the work of my 
good friend and colleague, C
HRIS SMITH, 
for his leadership on this issue and, in-deed, for his tireless efforts to fight anti-Semitism and support inter-national religious freedom. 
I would also like to thank our fellow 
co-chairs of the congressional Bipar-tisan Taskforce for Combating Anti- Semitism for demonstrating their lead-ership on this issue in Congress and for raising the level of awareness and dia-logue within our body related to global anti-Semitism. 
In recent years, Mr. Speaker, the pro-
tection and the promotion of these val-ues have moved from being part and parcel of our foreign policy objective to not even ranking as one of our top pri-orities. It is time. 
It is way past time that we make re-
spect for human rights and the protec-tion of religious and ethnic minorities a top priority for our foreign policy ob-jectives and show real leadership and show that we have the will and the moral imperative to promote our val-ues across the world. 
The terror group ISIL is rising in the 
Middle East. It is seeking to establish an Islamic caliphate. It wants to wipe out the region’s religious minorities of 
all kinds and anyone who does not ad-here to its radical brand of Islam. 
This, along with an alarming rise in 
anti-Semitism in Europe and other at-tacks on religious freedom across the globe, underscores why Mr. S
MITH’s 
measure before us today is so timely, is so important. 
It urges our government to work 
with European governments and law enforcement agencies in order to help them fight the rise of anti-Semitism across the continent and to make com-bating anti-Semitism part of our gov-ernment’s broader policy of promoting international religious freedom. 
Europe is at the dawn of a lam-
entably repeated and dangerous era, one of anti-Semitism, often masked through a political anti-Israel stance. If we don’t move to act now, Mr. Speaker, we may see more deadly at-tacks, like the murder of four Jews in a kosher supermarket in Paris earlier this year. 
We in the United States must be at 
the forefront, leading the effort, help-ing other nations develop a more com-prehensive approach to confronting the rising anti-Semitism problem. This measure before us today establishes a good framework in moving forward. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield an additional 30 sec-onds to the gentlewoman. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the task force members, of which I am humbled to be just a 
small part, Congresspersons C
HRIS 
SMITH, KAYGRANGER , PETER ROSKAM , 
ELIOT ENGEL , N ITA LOWEY , T ED 
DEUTCH , and S TEVE ISRAEL , all of us 
working together to highlight the spread of anti-Semitism and steps we must take to stem this tide. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important resolution brought forth by the gentleman from New Jersey. I thank all of the Members who have worked on the task force to bring this forward. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire how much time remains on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New York has 11 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), who 
is the ranking member of the Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa of the Committee on For-eign Affairs and a good friend. 
b1930 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for yielding and for his tireless work to ad-dress the threat of anti-Semitism around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, this resolution was a 
collaborative effort among my fellow co-chairs of the Bipartisan Taskforce for Combating Anti-Semitism, and I thank each of them for their commit-ment to bringing attention and re-sponding to the proliferation of anti- Semitism globally. I especially want to thank and acknowledge Congressman S
MITH of New Jersey for his commit-
ment to human rights and his ongoing fight against anti-Semitism. 
This resolution is a strong statement 
by Congress that, in the face of rising global anti-Semitism, countries, in-cluding ours, must prioritize the secu-rity and the protection of their Jewish communities. 
The anti-Semitism we are witnessing 
around the world today is both unique and longstanding. It is amorphous and it is very direct. It is complex. But in many ways, it is straightforward ha-tred. 
Not every case of anti-Semitism will 
garner international attention like the attack on the Paris supermarket ear-lier this year. However, Jewish commu-nities around the world experience at-tacks and intimidation on a regular basis. 
Just weeks ago, in Marseille, France, 
an armed man attacked three Jews near a synagogue, including a rabbi and his 19-year-old son. A third man suffered serious injuries from the stab-bing. Earlier this year, in Argentina, the phrase ‘‘death to the Jews’’ and a swastika were spray painted. In Ukraine, there have been at least three incidents of Holocaust memorials dese-crated with swastikas. And in many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.051 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7377 November 2, 2015 
cities, Jews are simply afraid to walk 
the streets as Jews. 
Tragically, these cases are far too 
commonplace for Jewish communities. No one, Jewish or otherwise, should ever have to accept they will feel tar-geted, that they will not feel safe, and that their lives are always somewhat at risk. 
Governments must take a hard look 
at the trends of bigotry developing in their countries. They must be suffi-ciently prepared to react preemptively and respond swiftly to cases of violence and intimidation against Jewish com-munities. 
This resolution, among other things, 
calls on countries to build partnerships between communities and law enforce-ment agencies and to establish stand-ard procedures for responding to threats and attacks by outlining steps to take and the responsibilities for each party. 
I welcome the historic and continued 
bipartisan and overwhelming support in Congress for combating anti-Semi-tism. Tonight, we stand against anti- Semitism, it is true; but where anti- Semitism grows, it is a symptom of the growth of hatred, of bigotry, and of the violation of human rights. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this resolution and, in turn, to support a world where hatred of any type, anti- Semitism and all hatred, will not be tolerated. That is the world that we en-vision on the floor of the United States House of Representatives this evening. 
Again, I encourage my colleagues to 
support this resolution. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), a very valued 
member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my friend 
from New York for his leadership. I also thank Mr. C
HRIS SMITH of New 
Jersey, of course, for his leadership, and that of the taskforce. 
Mr. Speaker, anti-Semitism and the 
safety of Jewish communities in Eu-rope are issues with overwhelmingly powerful historical context. The Con-tinent has more than intimate knowl-edge of the devastation wrought by the purveyors of anti-Semitism. 
When we say ‘‘never again,’’ our 
threshold for action shouldn’t be the impending threat of violence, let alone genocide. Instead, we must marshal the will and resources to stamp out even the conditions or precursors to an envi-ronment that allows for such anti-Sem-itism to flourish. In fact, when we face anti-Semitism today, whether it be here, in Europe, or in any part of the world, we ought to say to those pur-veyors, ‘‘We are all Jews.’’ That is the protection we ought to seek. 
The proactive measures and collabo-
ration encouraged by this resolution are in keeping with what should be our highest standard for vigilance with re-spect to anti-Semitism. ‘‘Never again’’ 
isn’t about words. It is a pledge that is sacred and must be kept. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. I want to thank everybody who has put effort into bringing this resolution to the floor. 
It is not difficult to stand up—or it 
shouldn’t be difficult, and I don’t think it is—to speak against anti-Semitism, but it is a little more difficult to have carved a niche in the United States Government and governments around the world as being a leader in fighting for human rights and against anti- Semitism; and that is what I have seen Congressman C
HRIS SMITH do. 
Congressman S MITH is the chair of 
the Helsinki Commission, of which I am a proud member. I got to know Mr. S
MITH during the hearings we have had 
and the travels on the Helsinki Com-mission. C
HRIS SMITH is a super leader 
in looking out for people and minori-ties all over the world. So I thank him particularly for his efforts at spear-heading this and being vigilant. It is so important. 
It is hard to fathom that we still 
have anti-Semitism in this world. It wasn’t that long ago that the Holo-caust occurred. We have got Holocaust museums and programs throughout dif-ferent countries. We have had a lot of Holocaust museums and an under-standing in Germany as well, but you have got skinheads and disciples of ISIL who continue to spread hate and venom. 
I know Elie Wiesel, a survivor of the 
Holocaust, said that people who hate, hate everyone; and I know Elie Wiesel, who was a genius and a prophet, was right. So it is important that we stand up and that we share resources with our European allies to fight anti-Semi-tism and that this country remains a bulwark in fighting against anti-Semi-tism. We haven’t always been that. We are today, and we will continue to be. 
I am proud to support this resolution. 
I thank the Members for bringing it, and I urge all Members to vote for it and pass it. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. 
I just want to thank my dear col-
league, Mr. C
OHEN , and the other mem-
bers of the taskforce. 
This is truly a bipartisan resolution. 
We all contributed to it. We all care deeply about it. I want him and my other colleagues to know how deeply I respect their efforts, which have been Herculean, to try to end this cruelty that is on the rise in Europe, in the United States, and in other parts. We know in the Middle East it is perhaps as bad as it has ever been; and the dias-pora that makes its way into Europe is carrying that hatred with them—not all of them, of course, but a sizable 
number—presenting more and more challenges. 
This is truly a bipartisan effort, and 
I want to thank Mr. C
OHEN for his com-
ments. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
AT-
SONCOLEMAN ), who is a newer Member, 
but she has certainly made her mark. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I want to 
thank Mr. E NGEL for giving me this op-
portunity to speak, and I want to thank my colleague and neighbor, Con-gressman C
HRIS SMITH, for introducing 
this resolution. I stand in proud sup-port of the resolution, and I urge its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, more than 70 years re-
moved from the Holocaust, Jewish resi-dents in Europe face renewed waves of anti-Semitic violence. The Pew Re-search Center reported that global har-assment of Jews has reached a 7-year high. This violence is pronounced in Europe, where the desecration of syna-gogues, cemeteries, schools, and other violent incidents have spiked over the past few years. 
The Jewish Community Security 
Trust reported more than 1,100 anti- Jewish incidents in the United King-dom in 2014, including 81 violent as-saults. That same year, according to the French Jewish advocacy group CRIF, anti-Semitic incidents doubled in that nation. Troubling, violent, and even deadly anti-Semitic attacks have also occurred in countries such as Den-mark, Belgium, and Germany. 
As the leader in the international 
community, the United States plays a very vital role in denouncing anti-Sem-itism and hate. The national director of the Anti-Defamation League has at-tributed U.S. public figures speaking out against hate as contributing to steady decreases in anti-Semitic atti-tudes domestically. 
As a nation founded on equality and 
religious freedom, we share a responsi-bility to stand against anti-Semitism and against hate in all its manifesta-tions, whether it is the hate that mani-fested as four people were killed at the HyperCacher Jewish supermarket out-side of Paris this past January, or the 
hate that manifested as the nine Amer-icans killed in the massacre at Mother Emmanuel AME in Charleston, or the hate manifested as six killed at the Sikh Temple in Oak Creek, or the hate that manifested in the flames that have recently burned countless Black churches to the ground. We must join together as a nation and a global com-munity to denounce hate wherever it may appear and uproot weeds of hate wherever they may sprout. 
With that, I urge my colleagues to 
support this. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), a very valued mem-
ber of the Foreign Affairs Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.053 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7378 November 2, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. I thank 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S MITH, and my col-
leagues on the anti-Semitism Taskforce. 
Mr. Speaker, Susanne Winter, a 
member of the Austrian Parliament from the extreme rightwing Freedom Party of Austria, received the fol-lowing post on her Facebook: ‘‘The Zi-onist money Jews are the global prob-lem. Europe, and in particular Ger-many, are now getting what they de-serve from Zionist Jews, particularly rich Zionist Jews in the USA.’’ Winter responded to the post on Saturday. She said: ‘‘It is great. You took the words right out of my mouth.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this resolution con-
demning anti-Semitism in Europe takes the words right out of my mouth, and I support it emphatically. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
History has shown us the tragedy of 
what can happen when this sort of ha-tred goes on unchecked. It is past time for governments and communities to focus on the rising tide of anti-Semi-tism in Europe and do whatever it takes to turn it back. 
This resolution sends a message that 
we are keeping a close eye on the prob-lem and that action is needed now to meet this challenge. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure. 
I want to also compliment my good 
friend C
HRIS SMITH. We all worked hard 
on this, but no one works harder than he in combating anti-Semitism. If you know C
HRIS SMITH, you know that, 
when he gets obsessed with something, he follows it to the end; and it, as al-ways, has a great conclusion. He is ob-sessed against hatred. He is obsessed against bad things happening to any group of people. I am very proud of the work that he has done through the years, and I want to thank him for his leadership in combating anti-Semi-tism. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
measure. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, I want to thank Mr. E
NGEL for 
his leadership and his kind words. Again, this is truly a collaborative ef-fort, and I want to thank him for it. 
Mr. Speaker, at a congressional hear-
ing I chaired in 2002—and I chaired about 18 such hearings on combating anti-Semitism—Dr. Shimon Samuels of the Wiesenthal Center said: ‘‘The Holo-caust for 30 years after the war acted as a protective Teflon against blatant anti-Semitic expression, especially in Europe. That Teflon has eroded, and what was considered distasteful and po-litically incorrect is becoming simply an opinion.’’ He warned ominously, saying, ‘‘cocktail chatter at fine English dinners can end as Molotov cocktails against synagogues.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, Abraham Lincoln once 
said that ‘‘to sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.’’ 
Silence is not an option. And, I would equally say, nor is inaction. 
If our fight is to succeed, we need 
government officials at all levels to not just denounce but to act without hesitation or delay whenever and wher-ever anti-Semitic acts occur. There are no exceptions. The purveyors of hate never take a holiday or grow weary, nor should we. 
H. Res. 354 is a best practices resolu-
tion designed to seriously inspire and challenge the governments of Europe, especially law enforcement and their homeland security agencies, to partner with their respective Jewish commu-nities to mitigate and hopefully end and eradicate anti-Semitism in all of its ugly manifestations. 
b1945 
United States law enforcement, De-
partment of Homeland Security, the Justice Department, the FBI, as well as State Homeland Security agencies, including in my own State of New Jer-sey, have been robust and aggressive in combating anti-Semitism here. We need to replicate this and encourage others to follow our lead and that of the UK, and I do hope we will do that. 
This resolution is broadly bipartisan. 
I want to thank Nathaniel Hurd, on our staff, for his tremendous work on this resolution, working with all of his re-spective staffers and Members, of course, to bring this about. And I want to thank the leadership for bringing it to the floor this evening. 
I urge a ‘‘yea’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 354, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
THE E-FREE ACT 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, can 
you imagine such debilitating pain, fa-tigue, and depression that you feel as if your children have lost you as a par-ent? 
For women impacted by the medical 
device Essure and its documented dam-aging side effects, this unimaginable situation is a stark reality. 
Since it appeared on the market in 
2002, Essure, a permanent sterilization device for women, has triggered over 
5,000 formal complaints to the FDA, in-cluding reported symptoms of pelvic and abdominal pain, internal bleeding, autoimmune reactions, loss of teeth and hair, and even metal breaking and migrating throughout the body. 
On top of that, Essure has been prov-
en responsible for the deaths of four women and five unborn children. 
Yet, in the face of all these facts, 
today Essure remains on the market, certified with FDA’s stamp of approval. That is unacceptable to me and the tens of thousands of women who are living with this device’s effects. 
That is why this week I will intro-
duce the E-Free Act, legislation to re-move this device from the market be-fore it can hurt any other women. This is a women’s issue, a safety issue, a regulatory issue, an issue with faces and names. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation and join me and the thou-sands of women across the Nation in this fight. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF THE LATE SENATOR FRED THOMPSON 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a great American who passed away yesterday, former United States Senator Fred Thompson. 
Fred Thompson represented the 
State of Tennessee in the United States Senate from 1995 until 2003. He had been a staffer on the Watergate Committee and kind of made a name for himself there when he asked such good, probing questions and did such a marvelous job. 
He later went on to be an out-
standing attorney before he became a United States Senator and an actor and a leader in our country who crossed party aisles and was known to sometimes deviate from everybody to do what he thought was right. 
I was a State senator and a Demo-
crat. Fred Thompson, a Republican, en-couraged me to get involved, stay in-volved, and shoot for the top in poli-tics. 
He worked with Democrats in the 
Senate, and he was awarded the Na-tional Conference of State Legislators Keeping Federalism Alive Award be-cause of his lone vote, a single bill that has kept the policy of federalism. It wasn’t politics for Fred Thompson. It was philosophy. 
He was a great leader. He will be 
missed. I send my condolences to his family. I thank him for his service to my State and our country. 
f 
THE FIVE-STAR AMERICAN GAS 
STATION IN AFGHANISTAN 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.054 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7379 November 2, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
thanks to the American taxpayers, what might be the world’s most expen-sive gas station was built in Afghani-stan. A mysterious Department of De-fense special task force spent $43 mil-lion on a gas station in Afghanistan. 
Mr. Speaker, that must be a hum-
dinger of a truck stop. What should have only cost $500,000 cost 140 times that amount, charged to the taxpayers’ credit card. Yet, there are no answers or explanations. 
Mr. Speaker, it has now since been 
reported that Afghans don’t even use the gas station because of the cost of the gas. 
No one has been held accountable for 
such wasteful government spending, not surprisingly. This is getting to be normal for government ‘‘spendocrats.’’ 
Time for no more Washington spend-
ing-sprees on the taxpayers’ dime. Peo-ple need to be held personally respon-sible for such wasteful spending. 
The American people deserve an ex-
planation. After all, it is their money that is funding $43 million gas stations in other countries. 
Mr. Speaker, why are we building a 
five-star gas station in Afghanistan anyway? 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 22, HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 6, 2015, THROUGH NOVEMBER 13, 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. WOODALL from the Committee 
on Rules submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–325) on the resolution (H. Res. 507) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; providing for pro-ceedings during the period from No-vember 6, 2015, through November 13, 2015; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-
marks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and 
privilege to lead tonight’s Congres-sional Black Caucus Special Order hour, where we will have the oppor-tunity to speak directly to the Amer-ican people. 
But before we get to business, I do 
want to take a second, even though it feels like an eternity, to congratulate my dear friend and colleague, our CBC chairman for the 112th Congress, the Honorable E
MANUEL CLEAVER of Kansas 
City, for his hometown Kansas City Royals victory in last night’s World Series game. 
I am an Illinoisan by way of New 
York. So I had a little stake in this one. But, again, my congratulations to the city of Kansas City and to Con-gressman C
LEAVER . 
Mr. Speaker, I truly do believe that 
it is an honor and a privilege to host the Congressional Black Caucus Spe-cial Order hour. So I speak to you this evening very much concerned and se-verely disappointed that we are even having tonight’s topic under such cir-cumstances. 
Tonight we are here to address sav-
ing our communities, where our focus for this hour will be on key legislative priorities that this Congress, this year’s Congressional Black Caucus, and our Nation must confront in order to help make this union more perfect for our next generation. 
Mr. Speaker, this year there have 
been a lot of tragic episodes that may make one shake their head and ask what is going on. 
We have covered a number of these 
topics in the course of this year, whether it be the issue of criminal jus-tice reform, gun violence, economic in-vestment as a antidote to violence, community policing, or the value of Black lives in America. 
Mr. Speaker, the issues that I will 
cover this evening aren’t Black Caucus issues. I know that most in this Con-gress and most across this great coun-try would acknowledge that they are American issues. 
Falling short as a Nation on these 
fronts only divides us and only serves 
as a barrier to our boundless possibili-ties as an American people. 
Over the past few weeks, we heard a 
lot about the need to clean out the barn before the baton was passed from Speaker to Speaker. I think we made some progress in clearing out the barn last week as we passed a bipartisan budget agreement, which President Obama signed into law earlier today. 
But, Mr. Speaker, as the baton has 
been passed from Speaker B
OEHNER to 
Speaker R YAN, we must keep in mind 
that there is still much that needs to be cleaned out of the barn when it comes to criminal justice reform, cre-
ating opportunity in vulnerable com-munities, addressing inequities in the justice system, valuing all lives, re-gardless of race, religion or sexual ori-entation, making sure that good cops can do their job in keeping commu-nities safe, and making sure that bad cops don’t get to be the Nation’s norm. 
We must have a culture where bad 
cops don’t have a safe haven, where they can’t get away with violations of the public trust in communities they were sworn to protect, and where they aren’t in a position to spoil the whole bunch of good cops we have protecting American communities. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight we will have a 
long and overdue conversation about saving our communities. 
At this time, I yield to the chair of 
the Congressional Black Caucus, my colleague from North Carolina, Rep-resentative G.K. B
UTTERFIELD . 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Let me first 
thank you, Congresswoman R OBIN 
KELLY , for yielding time to me tonight. 
Thank you for your willingness to stay on the floor tonight, even though this suspension bill was placed in front of us tonight. We certainly understand that has that happen from time to time. But thank you so very much for staying on the floor to manage the time this evening. 
I also want to thank you, Ms. K
ELLY , 
for your extraordinary leadership. Thank you for what you do for the Con-gressional Black Caucus. Thank you for what you do for your constituents in Illinois. Most importantly, thank you for what you do for our country. It is certainly appreciated. 
I will certainly join you, Ms. K
ELLY , 
in congratulating the Kansas City Royals on their well-deserved victory. I did not watch the entire World Series, 
but I watched enough of it to know that this team was much deserving of this victory. And so congratulations not only to Mr. C
LEAVER , who is so 
proud of Kansas City and talks about his hometown all of the time, but con-gratulations to all of those fans of that great team. 
Tonight we are talking about the ur-
gent need to save our communities. What an appropriate topic, Ms. K
ELLY , 
because communities all across the country are in crisis. 
I travel quite a bit across the coun-
try and visit many different commu-nities not only in my State, but in many other States. I can tell you first-hand that communities all across our country are facing crises. They are fac-ing crises in so many different re-spects. 
They are facing the whole issue of 
pervasive poverty. Poverty in America is real. We have more than 400 counties in the United States of America that have poverty rates that exceed 20 per-cent, and all of these have had poverty rates for more than 30 years greater than 20 percent. So poverty is a critical issue in our country, and communities are feeling the effect of it in a signifi-cant way. 
Joblessness. Joblessness. I continue 
to say that the unemployment rate is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Mar 26, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\NOV 2015\H02NO5.REC H02NO5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7380 November 2, 2015 
unacceptably high. Even though we 
have made a great improvement in the unemployment rate since the reces-sion, it is still too high. For African American workers, it is hovering some-where around 10 percent. That is unac-ceptable. 
We all talk from time to time and we 
see it all over the news today about po-lice misconduct. Police misconduct is continuing to be a pervasive problem in so many communities. 
I’m sure tonight Mr. B
OBBY SCOTT 
from Virginia, who is very passionate about the whole issue of criminal jus-tice reform, is going to talk about mass incarceration in the United States of America. 
Certainly that is a real problem, and 
there are many Members in this body 
who are working every day to try to craft together legislation to try to ad-dress the whole question of mass incar-ceration. 
Also, we have crumbling schools and 
infrastructure and highways and tun-nels and ports. Our whole infrastruc-ture in this country needs to be ad-dressed. Hopefully, we will be able to pass a transportation bill before the end of the year. 
Hopefully, my friends on the other 
side of the aisle will not try to load up the transportation bill with any Ex-Im Bank riders that will be a poison pill that would slow down or even defeat the transportation bill. 
b2000 
So the point is, Ms. K
ELLY , that we 
do have an urgent need to save our communities. We need all hands on deck as we take on this challenge. 
We consistently see, Ms. K
ELLY , an 
over-criminalization of African Ameri-cans, specifically our youth. We see, for example, minor infractions that occur in the context of a classroom—yes, we have seen that on television over the last few days—a minor infraction in a classroom that escalates into an arrestable offense. 
Students, particularly those who are 
African American and Hispanic, are too frequently funneled into the justice system as a result of overly punitive school discipline policies and poorly defined roles for law enforcement in educational settings. 
Unfortunately, the school-to-prison 
pipeline is still a reality. When I first came to Congress 11 years ago, we were talking about the school-to-prison pipeline, and we continue to talk about it today. It is a reality. So we must work together to remedy this problem. 
We, as members of the Congressional 
Black Caucus, do not at all endorse what some people over the last few days have started to call the ‘‘Fer-guson Effect.’’ Let me just elaborate on that for a moment. 
We have heard some high-ranking of-
ficials in our country refer to the ‘‘Fer-guson Effect.’’ They are suggesting in some way that an uptick in crime can be attributable to police inaction be-cause of their fears of the ‘‘Ferguson Effect.’’ That is so erroneous. That is so dis-
ingenuous. I wish we would con-centrate on the problem and not try to get sidetracked on the so-called ‘‘Fer-guson Effect.’’ 
The deaths of so many unarmed 
Black men like Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Freddie Gray are all a re-sult of a number of issues, including the overcriminalization of minorities and a lack of effective community po-licing practices. 
Let us seize this opportunity that we 
have before us to gain significant ground on several legislative areas which are not only CBC priorities, but are also in the strategic interests of our Nation. Criminal justice reform is one such area. 
Mr. Speaker and Ms. K
ELLY , any 
criminal justice reform, any legislation that we consider, must guarantee a substantial reduction in the prison population for Federal prisoners. We are, as a country, 5 percent of the world’s population; yet, we incarcerate 25 percent of those who are incarcer-ated in the world. There is something is wrong with that, Mr. Speaker. 
We must make sure that our laws and 
our criminal laws in this country are 
fair and that they are not dispropor-tionate and overburdensome in some areas. 
We have Members of this body on 
both sides of the aisle who acknowl-edge the inadequacies in our criminal justice system and see reform as a key priority. The political will—the polit-ical will—for criminal justice reform is here today. 
The President was in Newark, New 
Jersey, today talking about criminal justice reform. Some of my Republican colleagues are talking about it, and my Democratic colleagues are talking about it. 
The leadership on both sides of the 
aisle have had meaningful conversa-tions on this issue. We believe that a bipartisan legislative accomplishment can be achieved in this session. 
I know that there are several bills 
that are pending, and I hope Mr. S
COTT 
will talk extensively about it when he makes his remarks in just a moment. 
But criminal justice reform can take 
place in the 114th Congress, and I be-lieve we can reach a bipartisan com-promise that can get this bill to the President’s desk by the end of this term. 
Thank you, Ms. K
ELLY , for yielding 
time. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
my colleague from North Carolina, for your outstanding remarks on this topic of saving our community. I really, real-ly appreciate it, and so do the Amer-ican people. 
At this time, I would like to intro-
duce my other colleague, Representa-tive B
OBBY SCOTT from the great State 
of Virginia. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the 
gentlewoman for organizing this Spe-cial Order so that we can talk about many aspects of the criminal justice system. You have asked us to talk about the 
militarization of communities, also what we can do to improve policing and the problem of mass incarceration. On the term of militarizing the commu-nities, there was an amendment offered a few months ago that would have pre-vented the Department of Defense from giving local police departments certain military equipment. 
I think it is important to read what 
was actually in the legislation because some thought that handguns and am-munition was what we were talking about. Actually, the amendment goes into great length specifically about what would be prohibited if that amendment passed to help reduce the militarization of our communities. 
The Department of Defense has a pro-
gram where they will give surplus equipment to local communities, and the limitation was that none of these transfers could include aircraft, includ-ing drones; armored vehicles; grenade launchers; silencers; toxicological agents, including chemical agents and biological agents; launch vehicles; guided missiles; ballistic missiles; rockets; torpedoes; bombs; mines; or nuclear weapons. 
Those are the only things that would 
be barred if this amendment had passed, not handguns and ammunition or other things that local police de-partments could actually use. But what local police department needs nu-clear weapons or torpedoes? 
We are not talking about the large, 
sophisticated police forces. This is the kind of stuff that was being given to police departments that you might think of when you think of Andy Grif-fith and Barney Fife. What do they need with a tank? 
In one of the local incidents when 
they had a tank come out, it was point-ed out that the people trying to drive the tank hadn’t been trained on the tank. Can you just imagine hearing from inside, ‘‘Where are the brakes? Where are the brakes?’’ 
If you need a military response, the 
appropriate thing to do would be to call in the National Guard. Then you have the military performing the mili-tary functions. I think there is a lot that we can do to restrict this kind of equipment going to our local police de-partments. 
A lot has been said about policing. 
We can discuss the problem of policing. We all know that the vast, over-whelming majority of police officers risk their lives on our behalf and do an excellent job. 
But whenever you get to describe 
what the problem is, we know what the solution is going to be, and that is to make sure that there is a consensus growing that we need body cameras so we can know exactly what happened and police training so that police can be properly trained on things like how to avoid profiling, how to avoid dis-crimination, and treating one group different from the other. Implicit bias is what it is called. There is a lot you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.059 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7381 November 2, 2015 
can do in training, and we need to 
make sure we have funding for that training. 
But in terms of mass incarceration, 
that is where we really need a lot of work. As the chairman mentioned, we have 5 percent of the world’s popu-lation and 25 percent of the world’s prisoners. In most countries, for every 100,000 population, they lock up 50 to 200 people per 100,000. The United States locks up over 700 per 100,000. We are well into the first place. There is nobody close. 
That number is particularly egre-
gious because there have been recent studies that have suggested that any-thing over 500 per 100,000 is actually counterproductive. 
You have got so many people in jail. 
You have so many families being raised with their parents in prison. Young people are being raised without their parents. You have so many people with felony records having trouble finding jobs. 
You are wasting so much money that 
anything over about 500 per 100,000 is counterproductive. We are at 700 and some per 100,000. The African American incarceration rate is in the thousands. That is just wasted money. 
That is what Texas found when they 
were looking a few years ago at an ap-propriations request of $2 billion need-ed to keep up with all the slogans and sound bites that they had codified in terms of keeping up with the mass in-carceration in Texas, $2 billion in con-struction. 
And somebody said, ‘‘Well, if you ac-
tually make a better choice, if you in-vested some of that money in preven-tion, early intervention, and rehabili-tation, you might not have to spend all $2 billion.’’ 
That is what they did. They intel-
ligently invested in evidence-based pro-grams, programs studied and known to reduce crime, not just sound like they reduce crime, but actually known to reduce crime, evidence-based policies of prevention, early intervention, and rehabilitation, and they found that they didn’t need to build any new pris-ons. 
In fact, they were able to close some 
of the prisons that they had. Over 30 States have figured out that they can reduce crime and save money by reduc-ing mass incarceration. On the other hand, Mr. Speaker, there are people that think slogans and sound bites are good, and that is how we got in the mess we are in now. 
The chairman mentioned the school- 
to-prison pipeline. I like to refer to it as the Children’s Defense Fund does, as the cradle-to-prison pipeline, because that suggests that there are things all the way along the line that we are not doing that help construct this pipeline that ends up with—at present esti-mates, one out of three African Amer-ican boys born today will end up in prison. 
We can do better than that if we 
make the appropriate investments all the way through from early childhood 
education to after-school programs, a continuum of services, to make sure that they create the cradle-to-college- and-career pipeline and not the cradle- to-prison pipeline. That includes in-vestments that have been studied, evi-dence based, and we know they work. 
There is a lot you can do in terms of 
criminal justice reform, but if you do it right, it has to be comprehensive. That means you start with prevention and early intervention, make sure you are making those investments so fewer young people are getting in trouble. Then you have to do police training. We know that good police training can improve policing and, also, reduce crime. Body cameras can eliminate a lot of problems. 
Last year we passed the Death in 
Custody Reporting Act, which requires reporting from local police of anybody that dies in their custody in prison, in jail, or in the process of arrest, so we know what is going on around the country. As you have the debate, you can debate from a point of view of facts, not just in allegations when peo-ple don’t know exactly what the facts are. 
We can make sure that the police 
training is there. You can have diver-sion to make sure that people who are arrested might not have to spend—the only people you need pretrial in jail are those that need to be in jail. You don’t want to have unnecessary people serving time and losing their jobs in the process. 
You need a continuum of services, 
drug courts which can address the un-derlying problem rather than just con-vict them, lock them up, they come back, same thing, come back, back and forth. 
If you deal with the underlying prob-
lem in a drug court, you can have a sit-uation where they are diverted from prison and, also, much less likely to commit a crime in the future. 
One of the major factors in over-in-
carceration are the mandatory mini-mums. We need to have significant re-ductions in mandatory minimum sen-tencing to make sure they only apply to a small portion of real, legitimate kingpins, not to girlfriends and people on the periphery that may have gotten caught up in a conspiracy. 
Once you get into prison, make sure 
that it is for rehabilitation, not for just warehousing, so you are much less likely to commit a crime when you come out. You have to fund the second chance programs. 
All of this is part of the SAFE Jus-
tice Act, which has the added benefit that, because of the significant reduc-tions in mandatory minimums, there will be savings. The Department of Justice is able to redirect the savings into the prevention, early intervention programs, the drug courts, the body cameras and everything else. So every-thing in the program is paid for by re-ducing incarceration. 
This legislation has the support of a 
lot of different organizations, liberal and conservative, because everybody 
knows that, if it is enacted, we will re-duce crime and save money. 
So we know what to do. It is just a 
matter of making sure we have the po-litical will to do the right thing, to deal with mass incarceration by mak-ing the right choice, not the slogans and sound bites, but the evidence-based approach that will actually reduce crime and save money. 
We can do it. There is legislation 
pending. There are a lot of different bills, but we need to make sure that the comprehensive approach is re-flected in whatever comes to the floor. 
So I want to thank the gentlewoman 
from Illinois for bringing us together so we can discuss the militarization of our communities, the solutions for po-licing, which would include training and body cameras and how we can ef-fectively reduce mass incarceration. We know what to do, and the solutions save more money than they cost. 
So thank you very much for the op-
portunity to present that. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you so 
much for your important remarks. I know this topic is one that you have been researching and studying, trying to come up with solutions for a long time. 
One thing that is a little dis-
concerting is you say that the SAFE Justice Act is widely supported, but it still doesn’t move. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Well, it 
doesn’t matter which bill moves. The question is whatever moves ought to have the elements of prevention and early intervention, ought to have di-version, and if you only deal with sen-tencing in the Federal system, you are not dealing with mass incarceration in the United States. 
The Federal system only has 10 per-
cent of the prisoners. So if you just eliminated the Federal system, you are only talking about 10 percent reduction in incarceration. You have to do some-thing about mass incarceration at the State level. 
b2015 
So when you just talk about sen-
tencing reform, if you reduce a manda-tory minimum for 25 to 15 years, the first 15 years, that has no effect, be-cause they will serve the first 15 years, then gradually you will have an effect. If you want an effect, you need to have prevention programs so fewer people are coming into prison, diversion pro-grams so those who are arrested can be diverted from prison, dealt with effec-tively in drug court so they are much less likely to commit a crime again so that you can reduce crime and save money. 
You have to make sure you have 
meaningful mandatory minimum re-forms because that is one of the major drivers of the overincarceration. When people are in prison, you have to make sure you have the funding for the pro-grams to make sure they don’t come back. And once in the community, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.061 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7382 November 2, 2015 
second chance programs that have been 
very effective need to be funded. 
We know what to do; it is just a mat-
ter of getting it done. It doesn’t matter whose bill passes; it is just whatever passes ought to have those elements. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Is there any 
particular State that you think does a better job that we can hold up as a role model? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. There are 30 
States that have reduced crime and saved money. Texas was one of the first because they were looking at a $2 bil-lion appropriation request to keep up with the slogans and sound bites that they had enacted in mass incarcer-ation. At the rate they were going, they needed $2 billion in prison con-struction. 
They decided instead to invest it in 
prevention programs so fewer kids were getting in trouble; early intervention programs so that once people got in a little trouble, they wouldn’t get in worse trouble; and rehabilitation in prisons so that as people got out, they were less likely to come back. They found that they not only didn’t have to spend any of the $2 billion building prisons, they were able to close some of the prisons they had. 
Texas is a red State, and they called 
their initiative ‘‘Right on Crime.’’ Using the word ‘‘right’’ in both words is correct, and from the political right. So you had conservatives investing their money appropriately, reducing crime, and saving money. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. That is fan-
tastic. 
I know in my district, we have held 
some roundtables, and some of my em-ployers, manufacturers, they shared that they did hire people who were in prison and were some of their best em-ployees because they are so grateful that someone gave them a chance. We really need to promote that and high-light those things. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. The second 
chance idea is that people who get out of prison ought to be supported. The little money you spend on support pales in consideration to what usually happens. They get out, they can’t find a job, they can’t do anything, and they are right back into prison at $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year. If you spend a lit-tle bit of money supporting them, they might not come back. 
One of the elements the President 
talked about today is the ‘‘ban the box.’’ When you fill out an application, there is a little box, ‘‘Have you ever been convicted of a felony?’’ If you check the box, that is the end of the interview. 
What the ban the box is suggesting is 
don’t talk about the criminal record at first. Go through the process so you can present your credentials. Then, at the end of the process, they can discuss criminal record, but not at the begin-ning. 
You will find that many people, the 
conviction is so far past. Studies have shown that after a few years, if you have got a clean record, the chance of 
you committing a crime isn’t any high-er than the general population. So if it is a 15-year-old nonviolent offense, well, maybe it is not relevant; and maybe your credentials are so much better than everybody else’s that you are the right person for the job, but you never would have had the oppor-tunity to present your credentials if you had to check the box. 
So all around the country, cities, 
States, and businesses are eliminating that box to check, talking to people and seeing if they are actually quali-fied for the job, and those that are qualified can get the job. Obviously, some violations, if you have got an em-bezzlement charge and you are trying to get a job in a bank, or child molesta-tion at a daycare center, you know, but a lot of them, if it is a 20-year-old marijuana possession charge or some-thing like that, compared to your cre-dentials, compared to everybody else head and shoulders, well, people can overlook a 20-year-old conviction. You never would have gotten to that point if you had to check the box. That is why the ban the box campaign is so im-portant. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. That is a good 
idea we have now in Illinois. 
Thank you, Representative. I really 
appreciate you taking the time and sharing your vast knowledge about this topic. 
Mr. Speaker, many of the families 
that we represent believe that the only and right way to save our communities and secure our better future is to enact laws that actually understand the needs of American families, regardless of circumstance, and invest in their fu-ture. 
This Congress must have a frank con-
versation about what those invest-ments are and vote for policies that will truly save our communities. And this conversation has to be a bipartisan conversation, not just a Congressional Black Caucus or Democratic conversa-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I am reminded that 
today our colleague, the Honorable D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr., of New Jersey 
could not be here because he was asked to be with the President. President Obama visited Congressman P
AYNE ’s 
district to discuss criminal justice re-form, as you heard a little bit about al-ready. 
As many of you know, earlier today, 
President Obama spoke of his intent to make significant reforms in the crimi-nal justice space; and in keeping with the message of ‘‘saving our commu-nities,’’ the reforms the President is championing are necessary. I thank the President for his efforts. 
I want to take just a moment to say 
that I appreciate the fact that over on the other side of the Hill, a bipartisan coalition of Senators, led by my Con-gressional Black Caucus colleague, Senator C
ORY BOOKER , as well as my 
home State Senator, the Honorable D
ICKDURBIN , and men willing to cross the aisle, like Senator M IKELEEof 
Utah, were able to come together to in-troduce comprehensive legislation aimed at recalibrating prison sentences for certain drug offenders, targeting violent criminals, and granting judges greater discretion at sentencing for low-level drug crimes. Their sentencing reform legislation helps to curve re-cidivism by helping prisoners success-fully reenter society. 
These are just small components of 
an overall strategy to help save com-munities, but they are critical ones nonetheless. 
Here are the facts. More than half a 
million people leave U.S. prisons each year with jobs, housing, and mental health services scarce. Many are soon to be back behind bars. 
Like the President said, many of us 
in the Congressional Black Caucus are calling on community stakeholders to break the cycle of incarceration by helping former inmates successfully re-enter society. 
So tonight’s Special Order hour is an 
opportunity that comes on the heels of the President’s New Jersey visit, a visit where he toured a drug treatment center called the Integrity House, and recognized its work in helping former inmates secure housing, jobs, and skills needed to transition to life outside of prison. I have a place like that in Illi-nois called the Safer Foundation that does much of the same work. 
As the President noted, everyone has 
a role to play in criminal justice re-form and reintegrating those who have served time in prison back into society. From businesses that are hiring ex-of-fenders to philanthropies that are sup-porting education and training pro-grams, we have to get to work getting ex-offenders back on their feet so they can help build up their communities. 
Mr. Speaker, this Congress has to 
have the astuteness and manpower in its ranks to recognize that we must do more, that it will take a village, and it takes real leadership to improve the plight of America’s communities. This means we need jobs legislation that of-fers opportunity. This means we need safe streets free of violence. This means we need community policing that brings us peace of mind and com-fort. 
I feel compelled in this conversation 
about communities to say that, as a representative of the Chicagoland area and as a co-chair of the House Gun Vio-lence Prevention Task Force, Congress must get over its fear of talking about violence in America. We have to do more than hold moments of silence when tragedies occur. We have to stop being silent and start acting. We don’t have to be enemies on this subject. 
The issues of gun violence and police 
violence in our communities are real. It is how we respond to the problems that exist in these areas that will show our strength as a country. Right now, the tragic occurrences that exist with respect to these issues only serve as barriers to our growth as a nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.063 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7383 November 2, 2015 
When I talk about gun violence, I al-
ways start out by reminding folks of a few things. 
First, it is important to realize that 
gun violence isn’t just an urban prob-lem; it is an American problem. In the last 50 years, more than 1 million peo-ple have been killed by guns in Amer-ica. 
Since 1968, more Americans have died 
from gunfire than died in all the wars of this country’s history. 
A young Black man is nearly 5 times 
more likely to be killed by a gun than a young White man, and 13 times more than an Asian American man. 
If a Black person is killed by a gun, 
it is judged a homicide 82 percent of the time. 
And keep in mind, from metal detec-
tors in buildings to shooting safety drills at schools and movie theaters, gun violence has affected all of our communities, not only in terms of how we live, but whether we live at all. 
And the irony is that, even with all 
this death and tragedy, this Congress can’t even put a background check bill on the House floor, even with an NRA membership that is in 80 percent agree-ment that we need expanded back-ground checks. Last Congress, even with about 190 cosponsors, the bill never came to the floor. 
When I talk about saving our com-
munities and discussing the actions of the police, I often remind people of this: the police are not our enemy. I won’t ever say that because that sim-ply is not the case. 
To make our communities safer, we 
need the support of families, leaders, and our local law enforcement. I come 
from a family of law enforcement offi-cers and know that our police ranks are filled with brave, well-intentioned, civic-minded heroes. Sadly, too many in the Black community don’t have the same family experience that I have had with law enforcement and fear the po-lice. I have a 31-year-old son, and even though the same police are in his fam-ily, he hasn’t had the same experi-ences. 
And, unfortunately, there are still 
too many police officers who harbor a level of fear when it comes to dealing with the Black community. 
Mr. Speaker, we have discussed the 
aftermath of a few high-profile police events. I will repeat what I often say: we must hold our law enforcement offi-cials to the highest professional stand-ards and provide them with the train-ing they need to effectively police di-verse communities. This training must address the biases and stereotypes that influence decisions in the field and that create obstacles to mutual under-standing. In working to achieve that understanding, we can strive toward a justice system that treats all Ameri-cans fairly and values all American lives equally. 
Before I end, I just want to give my 
colleague the opportunity to share a few more words. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for all of her strong work 
in criminal justice. She has been fight-ing since she first got here. That is cer-tainly appreciated and has made quite 
a difference. 
As you have indicated, this is a mo-
ment when adversarial groups and Members of Congress, liberal and con-servative, have come to a consensus that we need to reform the criminal justice system. The Safe Justice Act that I mentioned is led by J
IMSENSEN -
BRENNER from Wisconsin, a Republican, 
and has Republican and Democratic support. There are bills in the House and the Senate with bipartisan sup-port. If we are going to have this mo-ment where everyone is in agreement, we need to make sure that we do every-thing we possibly can. 
I thank you for organizing this Spe-
cial Order so that we can make crimi-nal justice reform a reality. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you. I thank my colleagues for lending 
their voices for this important con-versation about saving our commu-nities, and I will be submitting some other work from other colleagues not here tonight. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with 
my colleagues from the Congressional Black Caucus because last week our nation was re-
minded, yet again, Black lives have no value. But this time, the reminder was different. 
It did not come from law enforcement in re-
sponse to a shooting, traffic stop, or 911 call. Nor did it come from inside a jail cell or a court room. This time, the reminder came from the use of excessive force in a place where most of us would expect it never to happen: our schools. 
Schools should be safe havens for our na-
tion’s children. Unfortunately, actions of Spring Valley school resource officer, Ben Fields, caught on video have proven that they are not. Instead of preparing young minds across the country to tackle our nation’s most com-plex issues, some of our schools are fostering fear and mistrust. 
And, this is what my young constituents 
have told me. On October 16, I held a listen-ing session with more than 400 high school students from Northeast Ohio. 
I was surprised to hear that nearly all of 
them felt there was no one they could talk to—in their schools or communities—if they felt unsafe. Today, I am not so shocked. With incidents like the one captured in the Spring Valley video, who could blame them? 
What messages are acts like these sending 
our youth? Are they to think this behavior is acceptable and that they matter less, if at all? 
The over criminalization of African-American 
youth and young adults is already a growing issue in our communities. The number of Afri-can-American men in jail continues to rise. Af-rican-American and Latino boys and men tend to receive harsher sentences than their peers of other races. 
Further, the school-to-prison pipeline is as 
strong as ever, with our African-American stu-dents suspended at three times the rate of their White peers. In this case, criminal charges were even filed against the young Spring Valley female student after she was subjected to egregious force by a ‘‘resource officer.’’ As a nation, we must stop this vicious cycle. 
It is time to change the narrative and save our communities for generations to come. 
I call on my colleagues in Congress to work 
together to pass policies that tell our children their lives have value. We must pass criminal justice reform and support policies that create a safe, nurturing environment in our schools. The future of our communities depends on it. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, as many of 
you know, the promotion of best practices and oversight of state and local law enforcement have been legislative priorities during my ten-ure as a Judiciary Committee member. My Pattern And Practice statute, passed as part of the 1994 crime bill, has served at the domi-nant tool used by the Department of Justice to address the myriad of policing controversies dating back the LAPD, New Orleans and most recently Seattle, Cleveland and Ferguson, Missouri police departments. 
Over the past two decades, tensions be-
tween police and communities of color have grown as allegations of bias-based policing by law enforcement agents, sometimes supported by data collection efforts and video evidence, have increased in number and frequency. 
Recent events in the wake of Ferguson, 
Missouri demonstrate that racial profiling and bias-based policing remain divisive issues in communities across the nation that strikes at the very foundation of our democracy. 
The deaths of Walter L. Scott—arising from 
a traffic stop—Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Antonio Zambrano-Montes—all at the hands of police officers—highlight the links be-tween the issues of race and reasonable sus-picion of criminal conduct. Ultimately, these men are tragic examples of the risk of being victimized by a perception of criminality simply because of their race, ethnicity, religion or na-tional origin. 
Despite the fact that the majority of law en-
forcement officers perform their duties profes-sionally and without bias, the relationship be-tween the police and some of minority com-munities has deteriorated to such a degree that federal action is required to begin ad-dressing the issue. With recent Washington Post reports of almost 400 police-involved shooting fatalities in the first five months of 2015, all should agree that the time for bipar-tisan action is long overdue. 
In 2001, I welcomed President Bush’s invita-
tion to draft legislation that would end the practice of unlawful police profiling, with bipar-tisan Congressional support. In April, I reintro-duced the End Racial Profiling Act in the hope that Congress and the Obama Administration can come together to pass legislation that sends the signal that the Federal government is committed to ensuring that its law enforce-ment agencies conduct their activities free from bias. 
In May, the Judiciary Committee, where I 
am former Chairman and current Ranking Member, held a hearing on Police account-ability, where we heard from expert witnesses on police practices and discussed policy op-tions to restoring the relationship between the police and communities of color. 
In June, I followed up on this effort to ad-
dress fair policing practices by reintroducing the Law enforcement Trust and Integrity Act. That bill is designed to provide incentives for local police organizations to voluntarily adopt performance-based standards to ensure that incidents of deadly force or misconduct will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02NO7.064 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7384 November 2, 2015 
minimized through appropriate management 
and training protocols and properly inves-tigated, should they occur. 
The bill authorizes the Department of Jus-
tice to work cooperatively with independent accreditation, law enforcement and commu-nity-based organizations to further develop and refine accreditation standards, and further authorizes the Attorney General to make grants to law enforcement agencies for the purpose of obtaining accreditation from cer-tified law enforcement accreditation organiza-tions. 
Currently, there are no federally recognized 
minimum standards for operating a law en-forcement agency. The ad hoc nature of police management has accordingly left many offi-cers and agencies in the dark about how to cope with changes in their communities. That is the real reason police officers and depart-ment feel so adrift in the current post-Fer-guson environment—not the Black Lives Mat-ter Movement. There is a vacuum of leader-ship in policing that can only be filled by lead-ership at the federal level. 
Beyond the human toll created by law en-
forcement accountability issues, there remains the fiscal impact created by the high cost of litigation settlements for police abuse claims. While most cities fail to systematically track the cost of litigation, the cost reports for major cities have proven staggering. In New York City alone, during Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s three term tenure, NYPD payouts were in ex-cess of $1 billion dollars for policing claims. For small departments, the cost of a single high profile incident could prove crippling in its impact on public safety. 
While the Department of Justice has a 
range of criminal and civil authority to address policing issues, the Civil Rights Division will never have the resources necessary to inves-tigate more than a small fraction of those de-partments engaged in unconstitutional con-duct, even with the enhanced funding and task force authority granted by this legislation. 
Through the support of a robust accredita-
tion regime, like that existing in healthcare, Congress can ensure that all communities have the best trained and managed police de-partments. Only by establishing acceptable police operations standards can we begin to preemptively address issues like use of force and heal the rifts within our communities. 
Media reports from Baltimore and other cit-
ies depicting confrontations between protestors and their police departments illus-trate the current divide between law enforce-ment and the communities they police. In the past years, cities from New York to Cincinnati and Miami to Los Angeles have experienced unrest following controversial use of force inci-dents by their police. Absent a climate of trust and accountability, community needs are not served and the jobs of the police officers be-come more difficult and dangerous. 
The energies of Congress should be fo-
cused on the adoption of legislative priorities that address the substance of law enforce-ment management and strengthen the current battery of tools available to sanction mis-conduct. As a Congress we have been enthu-siastic about supporting programs designed to get officers on the street. We must be just as willing to support pro-
grams designed to train and manage them after they get there. The current national cli-mate requires decisive action to implement so-lutions. Out of respect for all who have lost their lives over the last nine months—both law enforcement and civilian—I hope you will join me in supporting legislation that initiates the reforms necessary to restore public trust and accountability to law enforcement. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues in speaking on the critically important issue of criminal-justice reform. 
Just last week, an African-American girl at 
Spring Valley High School in Columbia, South Carolina was violently arrested by the school’s resource officer. This is a disturbing example of a law enforcement officer using excessive force when interacting with a person of color and a perfect illustration of an alarming trend in our schools. We need to have a substantive dialogue around how to empower administra-tors, teachers, and staff to deal with school disciplinary issues so that students aren’t being criminalized for behavioral issues. 
According to the Department of Education, 
black females enrolled in New York City and Boston schools are disciplined 10.5 times more on average than their white counter-parts. 
African Americans seem to face undue scru-
tiny by police officers throughout our commu-nities. Black Americans are more than twice as likely to be unarmed when killed during en-counters with police when compared to Cau-casians. States and Congress must set higher standards for the use of deadly force and must hold police officers accountable if they violate these standards. This is the first of many steps to begin the process of mending the delicate relationship between law enforce-ment and people of color. 
This disparity is increasingly evident when 
looking at the composition of the U.S. prison population. The Coalition for Public Safety ar-gues that more than 60 percent of our prison population is composed of racial and ethnic minorities. That is why I have supported H.R. 3713, a comprehensive sentencing reform ef-fort with bipartisan support that aims to over-haul the current system which disproportion-ately affects minorities. 
I strongly believe that addressing the dis-
parate treatment of people of color at the hands of police is a fundamental step toward creating an equitable society. As one of the first black women to be publically elected from Dallas, I spent my entire career championing equity for communities of color and fighting on behalf of African Americans for social justice. It is clear that there are fundamental problems in police and justice systems across the nation that needs to be addressed. As a former Chairwoman of the Congressional Black Cau-cus, these issues are of the utmost impor-tance to me and I am personally committed to finding long term solutions. 
We must act now to remedy the culture and 
system of violence against people of color. Our nation has endured this disparity for far too long and I encourage my colleagues to not only speak out on this issue, but also take swift and immediate action. LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of official 
business. 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE(at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today and November 3 
on account of official business in dis-trict. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED 
A bill of the Senate of the following 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1731. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to waive the minimum period of continuous active duty in the Armed Forces for receipt of certain benefits for homeless veterans, to authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish such benefits to homeless veterans with discharges or re-leases from service in the Armed Forces with other than dishonorable conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. M
ESSER , on 
Monday, November 2, 2015: 
H.R. 623. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to establish a so-cial media working group, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 1314. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on October 29, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 3819. To provide an extension of Fed-
eral-aid highway, highway safety, motor car-rier safety, transit, and other programs fund-ed out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, November 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.033 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7385 November 2, 2015 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO GERMANY, EGYPT, AND GREECE, EXPENDED BETWEEN SEPT. 19 AND SEP T. 23, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Steve Scalise ................................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Lynn Westmoreland ......................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ............................................. ... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Patrick Meehan ............................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany .......................................... ...... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Mike Bishop .................................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Lynnel Ruckert ......................................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ..................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Charles Henry .......................................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ..................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Eric Zulkosky ........................................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany .................................... ............ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
TJ Tatum .................................................................. 9 /19 9 /19 Germany .................................. .............. .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Megan Becker .......................................................... 9 /19 9 /19 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Steve Scalise ................................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt ......................................... ............ .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Hon. Lynn Westmoreland ......................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt ............................................... ...... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Hon. Patrick Meehan ............................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt ............................................ ......... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt ......................................... ............ .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Hon. Mike Bishop .................................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Lynnel Ruckert ......................................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt ....................................... .............. .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Charles Henry .......................................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt ....................................... .............. .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Eric Zulkosky ........................................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt ...................................... ............... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
TJ Tatum .................................................................. 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt .................................... ................. .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Megan Becker .......................................................... 9 /19 9 /20 Egypt ........................................ ............. .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 
Hon. Steve Scalise ................................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ........................................ ........... .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ......................................... .......... .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Hon. Lynn Westmoreland ......................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece .............................................. ..... .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Hon. Patrick Meehan ............................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ........................................... ........ .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ........................................ ........... .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ......................................... .......... .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Hon. Mike Bishop .................................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ......................................... .......... .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Lynnel Ruckert ......................................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ...................................... ............. .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Charles Henry .......................................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ...................................... ............. .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Eric Zulkosky ........................................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ..................................... .............. .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
TJ Tatum .................................................................. 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ................................... ................ .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Megan Becker .......................................................... 9 /20 9 /23 Greece ....................................... ............ .................... 883.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 883.00 
Committee Total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 10,596.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 10,596.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. STEVE SCALISE, Oct. 14, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 
30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Frederica Wilson .............................................. 7 /31 8 /4 Nigeria .......................................... ........ .................... 1,259.31 .................... 17,057.30 .................... .................... .................... 18,316.61 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,259.31 .................... 17,057.30 .................... .................... ...... .............. 18,316.61 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, Oct. 6, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT, Chairman, Oct. 22, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Oct. 20, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.008 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7386 November 2, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND 
SEPT. 30, 2015* 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Andre ´Carson .................................................. 6 /27 6 /30 S. America ............................................ ..... ............... 205.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 205.0 0 
6 /30 7 /3 N. America ............................................ .................... 1,086.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 59.00 .................... 1,145.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,152.47 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,152.47 
Linda Cohen ............................................................ 6 /27 6 /30 S. America .................................. .......... .................... 205.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 205.00 
6 /30 7 /3 N. America ............................................ .................... 1,086.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 59.00 .................... 1,145.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,152.47 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,152.47 
Hon. Frank LoBiondo ............................................... 6 /28 6 /30 Africa ........................................... ......... .................... 1,255.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,255.00 
6 /30 7 /1 Africa .................................................... .................... 90.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 90.00 
7 /1 7 /2 Africa .................................................... .................... 527.02 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 527.02 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,631.30 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,631.30 
Andrew Peterson ...................................................... 6 /28 6 /30 Africa ........................................ ............ .................... 1,255.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,255.00 
6 /30 7 /1 Africa .................................................... .................... 90.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 90.00 
7 /1 7 /2 Africa .................................................... .................... 327.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 327.01 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,631.30 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,631.30 
Hon. Eric Swalwell ................................................... 6 /27 6 /28 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 75.00 .................... .................... .................... 742.64 .................... 8 17.64 
6 /28 6 /30 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,147.00 .................... 250.50 .. .................. 87.00 .................... 1,484.50 
6 /30 7 /3 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,110.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,110.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,520.50 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,520.50 
Lisa Major ................................................................ 6 /27 6 /28 Asia ..................................... .................. .................... 75.00 .................... .................... .................... 742.64 ................ .... 817.64 
6 /28 6 /30 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,147.00 .................... 250.50 .. .................. 87.00 .................... 1,484.50 
6 /30 7 /3 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,110.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,110.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,483.50 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,483.50 
William Flanigan ..................................................... 6 /27 6 /28 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 75.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 75.00 
6 /28 6 /30 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,147.00 .................... 250.50 .. .................. 87.00 .................... 1,484.50 
6 /30 7 /3 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,110.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,110.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,483.50 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,483.50 
Carly Blake .............................................................. 6 /27 6 /28 Asia ...................................... ................. .................... 75.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 75.00 
6 /28 6 /30 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,147.00 .................... 250.50 .. .................. 87.00 .................... 1,484.50 
6 /30 7 /3 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,110.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,110.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,483.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,483.00 
Douglas Presley ....................................................... 7 /6 7 /9 Europe ......................................... .......... .................... 292.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 292.93 
7 /9 7 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,506.31 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,506.31 
7 /11 7 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... 452.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 36.25 .................... 488.25 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,164.10 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,164.10 
Michael Ellis ............................................................ 7 /6 7 /9 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 292.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 292.93 
7 /9 7 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,506.31 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,506.31 
7 /11 7 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... 452.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 36.25 .................... 488.25 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,164.10 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,164.10 
Shannon Stuart ....................................................... 7 /6 7 /9 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 292.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 292.93 
7 /9 7 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,506.31 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,506.31 
7 /11 7 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... 452.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 36.25 .................... 488.25 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,164.10 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,164.10 
Hon. Michael Pompeo .............................................. 7 /16 7 /19 Europe ............................................ ....... .................... 318.76 .................... 775.40 .................... .................... .................... 1,094. 16 
7 /19 7 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,685.75 .................... ......... ........... .................... 339.28 .................... 2,025.03 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,895.80 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,895.80 
Geoffrey Kahn .......................................................... 7 /16 7 /19 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 318.76 .................... 775.40 .................... .................... .................... 1,094.16 
7 /19 7 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,685.75 .................... ......... ........... .................... 339.28 .................... 2,025.03 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,267.80 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,267.80 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 8 /2 8 /9 Australasia ...................................... ..... .................... 1,311.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,059.50 .................... 2,37 0.50 
8 /9 8 /11 Asia ....................................................... .................... 699.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 699.00 
8 /11 8 /13 Asia ....................................................... .................... 544.31 .................... ......... ........... .................... 9.92 .................... 554.23 
8 /13 8 /14 Asia ....................................................... .................... 212.00 .................... 37.00 ... ................. 15.66 .................... 264.66 
8 /14 8 /15 Asia ....................................................... .................... 236.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 152.35 .................... 388.35 
8 /16 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 768.44 .................... ........... ......... .................... 192.37 .................... 960.81 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 32,260.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 32,260.00 
Damon Nelson ......................................................... 8 /2 8 /9 Australasia ..................................... ...... .................... 1,311.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,059.50 .................... 2,3 70.50 
8 /9 8 /11 Asia ....................................................... .................... 699.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 699.00 
8 /11 8 /13 Asia ....................................................... .................... 544.31 .................... ......... ........... .................... 9.92 .................... 554.23 
8 /13 8 /14 Asia ....................................................... .................... 212.00 .................... 37.00 ... ................. 15.66 .................... 264.66 
8 /14 8 /18 Asia ....................................................... .................... 236.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 152.35 .................... 388.35 
8 /16 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 768.44 .................... ........... ......... .................... 192.37 .................... 960.81 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 24,527.30 .................... ............ ........ .................... 24,527.30 
Hon. Frank LoBiondo ............................................... 8 /11 8 /13 Asia ............................................. .......... .................... 544.31 .................... .................... .................... 9.92 .................... 554.2 3 
8 /13 8 /14 Asia ....................................................... .................... 212.00 .................... 37.00 ... ................. 15.66 .................... 264.66 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,121.10 .................... ............ ........ .................... 18,121.10 
Hon. Patrick Murphy ................................................ 8 /5 8 /10 Asia ............................................. .......... .................... 1,075.42 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,075.42 
8 /10 8 /13 Asia ....................................................... .................... 738.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 317.12 .................... 1,055.12 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,237.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,237.00 
Robert Minehart ....................................................... 8 /5 8 /10 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 1,075.42 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,075.41 
8 /10 8 /13 Asia ....................................................... .................... 738.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 317.12 .................... 1,055.12 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,808.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,808.40 
Hon. K. Michael Conaway ........................................ 8 /7 8 /9 Europe ................................................ ... .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 876.00 
8 /9 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 563.69 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 563.69 
8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 327.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 327.18 
8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 632.00 .................... 1,343.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,391.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22,391.00 
Lisa Major ................................................................ 8 /7 8 /9 Europe ..................................... .............. .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 876.00 
8 /9 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 563.69 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 563.69 
8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 327.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 327.18 
8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 710.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 632.00 .................... 1,342.00 
8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 306.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... 25.84 .................... 332.02 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,077.20 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,077.20 
William Flanigan ..................................................... 8 /7 8 /9 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 876.00 
8 /9 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 563.69 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 563.69 
8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 327.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 327.18 
8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 710.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 710.00 
8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 632.00 .................... 1,343.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,391.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22,391.00 
Lisa Major ................................................................ 8 /7 8 /9 Europe ..................................... .............. .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 876.00 
8 /9 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 563.69 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 563.69 
8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 327.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 327.18 
8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 710.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 632.00 .................... 1,342.00 
8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 306.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... 25.84 .................... 332.02 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,077.20 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,077.20 
William Flanigan ..................................................... 8 /7 8 /9 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 876.00 
8 /9 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 560.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 560.01 
8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 327.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 327.18 
8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 710.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 632.00 .................... 1,342.00 
8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 306.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... 25.84 .................... 332.02 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,077.20 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,077.20 
Carly Blake .............................................................. 8 /7 8 /9 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 876.00 
8 /9 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 560.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 560.01 
8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 327.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 327.18 
8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 710.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 632.00 .................... 1,342.00 
8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 306.18 .................... ........... ......... .................... 25.84 .................... 332.02 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.008 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7387 November 2, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND 
SEPT. 30, 2015*—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,077.20 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,077.20 
Chelsey Campbell .................................................... 8 /7 8 /16 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 1,218.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,218.40 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,468.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,468.40 
Jacob Crisp .............................................................. 8 /7 8 /16 Asia ....................................... ................ .................... 1,218.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. 1,218.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,468.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,468.40 
Hon. Lynn Westmoreland ......................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Europe .............................................. ..... .................... 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 .................... 2,398. 95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... ....................
Hon. James Himes ................................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 1,489.31 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 .................... 2, 398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Jackie Speier ................................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 .................... 2,398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Terri Sewell ..................................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Europe ....................................... ............ .................... 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 ................... . 2,398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Andre ´Carson .................................................. 8 /16 8 /19 Europe ................................................... .. .................. 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 .................... 2,398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62,25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Eric Swalwell ................................................... 8 /19 8 /20 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 .................... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,554.30 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,554.30 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Andrew House .......................................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Europe ....................................... ............ .................... 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 ................... . 2,398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Shannon Stuart ....................................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 .................... 2,398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Allison Getty ............................................................ 8 /16 8 /19 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 ................ .... 2,398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Rheanne Wirkkala .................................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Europe ......................................... .......... .................... 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 .................... 2 ,398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Kristin Jepson .......................................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Europe ..................................... .............. .................... 1,489.32 .................... .................... .................... 909.63 ................. ... 2,398.95 
8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 238.92 .................... 62.25 ..... ............... 175.86 .................... 477.03 
8 /20 8 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 749.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 291.55 .................... 1,041.26 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Michael Quigley ............................................... 8 /24 8 /26 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 700.00 .................... .................... .................... 124.74 .................... 82 4.74 
8 /26 8 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 668.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 668.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,173.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,173.00 
Linda Cohen ............................................................ 8 /24 8 /26 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 700.00 .................... .................... .................... 124.74 .................. .. 824.74 
8 /26 8 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 668.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 668.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,577.80 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,577.80 
Hon. Adam Schiff .................................................... 8 /23 8 /27 Europe ......................................... .......... .................... 1,755.92 .................... .................... .................... 656.32 .................... 2 ,412.24 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,032.10 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,032.10 
Michael Bahar ......................................................... 8 /23 8 /27 Europe ....................................... ............ .................... 989.28 .................... .................... .................... 656.32 .................... 1 ,645.60 
Commercial air fare ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... 1,032.10 .................... .............. ...... .................... 1,032.10 
Hon. Christopher Stewart ........................................ 8 /24 8 /25 Asia ............................................... ........ .................... 460.05 .................... .................... .................... 785.78 .................... 1,245 .83 
8 /25 8 /28 Asia ....................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
8 /28 8 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 460.05 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 460.05 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,645.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 18,645.70 
Hon. Eric Swalwell ................................................... 8 /25 8 /28 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... ....................
8 /28 8 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 460.05 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 460.05 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,159.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22,159.70 
Michael Ellis ............................................................ 8 /25 8 /28 Asia ...................................... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... ....................
8 /28 8 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 460.05 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 460.05 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,062.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,062.00 
Geoffrey Kahn .......................................................... 8 /25 8 /28 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... ....................
8 /25 8 /28 Asia ....................................................... .................... 460.05 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 460.05 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,062.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,062.00 
Rheanne Wirkkala .................................................... 8 /25 8 /28 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... ....................
8 /28 8 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 460.05 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 460.05 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,062.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,062.00 
Jeffrey Shockey ........................................................ 8 /30 9 /1 Asia ......................................... .............. .................... 828.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 828.39 
9 /1 9 /3 Africa .................................................... .................... 1,230.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,230.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,375.10 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,375.10 
Chelsey Campbell .................................................... 8 /30 9 /1 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 828.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 828.39 
9 /1 9 /3 Africa .................................................... .................... 1,230.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,230.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,508.30 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,508.30 
Hon. Terrycina Sewell .............................................. 8 /29 9 /1 Asia ............................................. .......... .................... .................... .................... 2,700.00 .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,700.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,446.90 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,446.90 
Linda Cohen ............................................................ 8 /29 9 /1 Asia ......................................... .............. .................... .................... .................... 2,700.00 .................... .................... .... ................ 2,700.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,184.90 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,184.90 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 95,494.39 .................... 506,174.39 .................... 26,739.08 .............. ...... 628,407.86 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. In accordance with title 22, United States Code, Section 1754(b)(2), information as would identify  the foreign countries in which Committee Members and staff have traveled is omitted. 
HON. DEVIN NUNES, Chairman, Oct. 23, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 3332. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Rimsulfuron; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0035; FRL-9912-31] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-
culture. 
3333. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Nicosulfuron; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0034; FRL-9912-40] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.008 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7388 November 2, 2015 
received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
3334. A letter from the Secretary of the 
Commission, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s adoption of revised guides — Guides for the Use of Envi-ronmental Marketing Claims received Octo-ber 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3335. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Require-ments Relating to Supply Chain Risk (DFARS Case 2012-D050) [Docket No.: DARS 2013-0052] (RIN: 0750-AH96) received October 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3336. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: New Des-ignated Countries — Montenegro and New Zealand (DFARS Case 2015-D033) [Docket DARS-2015-0049] (RIN: 0750-AI71) received Oc-tober 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
3337. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Phila-delphia County, PA, et al. [Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8405] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
3338. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicaid Program; Methods for Assuring Access to Covered Medicaid Serv-ices [CMS-2328-FC] (RIN: 0938-AQ54) received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3339. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Metaflumizone; Pesticide Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0607; FRL-9934- 88] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3340. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Oklahoma [EPA-R06-OAR-2011-0034; FRL-9936-37-Region 6] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3341. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Air Quality State Implementation Plans (SIP); State of Iowa; Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0394; FRL-9936-33-Region 7] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3342. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; WY; Up-date to Materials Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R08-OAR-2015-0428; FRL-9932-61-Region 8] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3343. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Connecticut; Volatile Organic Com-pound Emissions from Large Aboveground Storage Tanks [EPA-R01-OAR-2015-0546; A-1- FRL-9933-89-Region 1] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3344. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Conflict of Interest Infrastructure Requirements [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0440; FRL- 9936-35-Region 4] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3345. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Diethofencarb; Pesticide Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0695; FRL-9934- 05] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3346. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Refinements to Policies and Procedures for Market-Based Rates for Wholesale Sales of Electric Energy, Capacity and Ancillary Services by Public Utilities [Docket No.: RM14-14-000; Order No.: 816] received October 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3347. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Export Administration Regulations to Include Continuation of Emergency Declared in Executive Order 13224 [Docket No.: 150928889-5889-01] (RIN: 0694- AG75) received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
3348. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Thailand, Transmittal No. 15-61, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3349. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed item to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to Sec. 1512 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261), as amended by Sec. 146 of the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Pub. L. 105-277), and the President’s September 29, 2009 delegation of authority [74 Fed. Reg. 50, 913 (Oct. 2, 2009)]; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3350. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Visas: Interview Waiver Authority (RIN: 
1400-AD80) received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
3351. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a notification, effective Sep-tember 6, 2015, that the danger pay allowance was determined for specific areas in Haiti and Turkey, pursuant to Sec. 131 of the De-partment of State Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1984 and 1985; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3352. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a notification, effective Sep-tember 6, 2015, that the posts listed no longer qualify for the danger pay allowance, pursu-ant to Sec. 131 of the Department of State Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1984 and 1985; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3353. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting agreements prepared by the Department of State concerning inter-national agreements, other than treaties en-tered into by the United States, to be trans-mitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
3354. A letter from the Executive Analyst 
(Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pur-suant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3355. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Federal Employees Health Benefits Program: Enrollment Op-tions Following the Termination of a Plan or Plan Option (RIN: 3206-AN07) received Octo-ber 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3356. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Solicitation of Fed-eral Civilian and Uniformed Service Per-sonnel for Contributions to Private Vol-untary Organizations (RIN: 3206-AM68) re-ceived October 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3357. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule To List the Dusky Sea Snake and Three For-eign Corals Under the Endangered Species Act [Docket No.: 140707555-5880-02] (RIN: 0648- XD370) received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
3358. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2015 Rec-reational Accountability Measure and Clo-sure for Red Grouper [Docket No.: 100217095- 2081-04] (RIN: 0648-XE217) received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3359. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02NO7.000 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7389 November 2, 2015 
final rule — Disposition of Unclaimed 
Human Remains, Funerary Objects, Sacred Objects, or Objects of Cultural Patrimony [NPS-WASO-NAGPRA-19087; PPWOCRADN0- PCU00RP14.R50000] (RIN: 1024-AE00) received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3360. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Removal of Cuba from the List of State Sponsors of Terrorism (DFARS 2015-D032) (RIN: 0750- AI67) received October 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
3361. A letter from the General Counsel, 
National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Orga-nization and Functions of the Board and Del-egations of Authority [Docket No.: NTSB- GC-2012-0002] (RIN: 3147-AA03) received Octo-ber 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3362. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of the Expiration Date for State Disability Ex-aminer Authority To Make Fully Favorable Quick Disability Determinations and Com-passionate Allowance Determinations [Dock-et No.: SSA-2015-0011] (RIN: 0960-AH77) re-ceived October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3363. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicare Program; Final Waivers in Connec-tion With the Shared Savings Program [CMS-1439-F] (RIN: 0938-AR30) received Octo-ber 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1575. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make perma-nent the pilot program on counseling in re-treat settings for women veterans newly sep-arated from service in the Armed Forces (Rept. 114–319). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3144. A bill to require consulta-tion with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee regarding modifications to the prohibited item list, require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–320). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3361. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the In-sider Threat Program, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–321). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3503. A bill to require an assess-ment of fusion center personnel needs, and 
for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–322). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3505. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to improve the management and administration of the secu-rity clearance processes throughout the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–323). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3598. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partnership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Net-work of Fusion Centers, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–324). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 507. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; providing for proceedings during the period from November 6, 2015; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–325). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 3868. A bill to amend the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 to remove certain re-strictions on the ability of business develop-ment companies to own securities of invest-ment advisers and certain financial compa-nies, to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business develop-ment companies, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise certain rules relating to business development companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself and 
Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 3869. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and communications integration center, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. TAKAI: 
H.R. 3870. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed vet-erans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. 
C
ONYERS , and Mr. W ELCH ): 
H.R. 3871. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to regulate the use of cell-site simulators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 3872. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 authorize public safety and community po-licing grants to be used to make grants to institutions of higher education, with pri-ority given to Predominantly Black Institu-
tions and other similar institutions, to sup-port majors related to criminal justice, for the purpose of increasing the racial diversity of law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3873. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to produce a comprehensive strategy relating to United States international pol-icy with regard to cyberspace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3874. A bill to amend the State De-
partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to re-quire reports on the Rewards for Justice pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Ms. 
JACKSON LEE): 
H.R. 3875. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chem-ical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 3876. A bill to protect consumer pri-
vacy during the development and use of au-tonomous vehicle technologies; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. SABLAN (for himself and Mrs. 
R
ADEWAGEN ): 
H.R. 3877. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, with respect to the territorial highway program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mrs. TORRES: 
H.R. 3878. A bill to enhance cybersecurity 
information sharing and coordination at ports in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. R
USH, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
MOULTON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
KILMER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. E LLISON , Miss R ICE 
of New York, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
FOSTER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Mr. P OCAN ): 
H. Res. 508. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the President of the United States should use the full authority of his office to convene international negotiations intended to stop the civil war in Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H. Res. 509. A resolution expressing support 
for the efforts of the Republic of Turkey, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, and the Leba-nese Republic to provide housing, edu-cational opportunities, health care, and other forms of humanitarian assistance to individuals and families displaced by the conflict in Syria; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02NO7.000 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7390 November 2, 2015 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 3868. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. ‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. HURD of Texas: 
H.R. 3869. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer there-of. 
By Mr. TAKAI: 
H.R. 3870. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 3871. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3, and 
the 4th and 14th Amendment to the U.S. Con-stitution. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 3872. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution, Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 1 (‘‘The 
Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defen[s]e and general Wel-fare of the United States[.]’’) (This bill would amend the COPS program at the Department of Justice to include institutions of higher education as eligible COPS grants recipients, with priority given to minority serving insti-tutions, to fund criminal justice related ma-jors to improve and diversify candidates en-tering police forces—advancing and pro-moting the nation’s common defense and general welfare by increasing racially diver-sity in police forces, and thereby reducing incidents of police brutality). 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3873. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3874. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 10, 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3875. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer there-of. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 3876. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States of America. By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 3877. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to laying and collecting taxes, and providing for the general welfare of the United States), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
By Mrs. TORRES: 
H.R. 3878. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 29: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 31: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 32: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 67: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H.R. 69: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 73: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia. 
H.R. 188: Mr. J EFFRIES and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 191: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 223: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 224: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-
ico, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S CHIFF , Miss 
RICEof New York, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K USTER , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 226: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 227: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 228: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
JOYCE . 
H.R. 250: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 344: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 347: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 402: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 429: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. 
HASTINGS . 
H.R. 452: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 478: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 494: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 539: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and 
Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 563: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 583: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 592: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. 
GRAHAM . 
H.R. 604: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 613: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 625: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 711: Mr. B ARR, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mr. 
RYANof Ohio. 
H.R. 775: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 793: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 814: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
COLE. 
H.R. 816: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 837: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 842: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 845: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 868: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . H.R. 870: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 887: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Mr. 
SALMON . 
H.R. 921: Mr. W ILLIAMS and Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida. 
H.R. 969: Mr. H URT of Virginia and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 970: Mr. W OMACK and Mr. T OMPRICE of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 973: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 1102: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ONYERS , and 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1224: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1232: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. 
COSTA . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 1336: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . 
H.R. 1387: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1431: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1432: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1441: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1453: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1457: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1460: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1479: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mrs. 
HARTZLER . 
H.R. 1526: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 1545: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 1548: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. R OYCE , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1581: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1603: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1751: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
SABLAN . 
H.R. 1769: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1786: Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
VALADAO . 
H.R. 1799: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1810: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1814: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. 
JEFFRIES . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1854: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
ROSS. 
H.R. 1877: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 1945: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1961: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1964: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2058: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 2114: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2224: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 2293: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. B UCK, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2341: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 2382: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.027 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7391 November 2, 2015 
H.R. 2434: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2449: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2470: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. 
PIERLUISI . 
H.R. 2515: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. 
LOEBSACK . 
H.R. 2530: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 2546: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 2590: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 2612: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2671: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2672: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2673: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2674: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2710: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2711: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 2712: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina. 
H.R. 2713: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2715: Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 2849: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
H.R. 2867: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CLAY, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2878: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Miss R ICE 
of New York, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and 
Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. S TIV-
ERS. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. H URD 
of Texas, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 2911: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. K IND, and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2917: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2920: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2944: Mr. M ASSIE and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2948: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2957: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 2972: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. 
TAKANO . 
H.R. 2994: Ms. E SHOO and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3014: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 3046: Mr. H ONDA and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3068: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 3099: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 3137: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3150: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 3179: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3190: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 3229: Ms. D ELAURO and Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida. H.R. 3249: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 3290: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. G IBBS and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3316: Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Ms. 
DELAURO . 
H.R. 3326: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3339: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 3340: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. M ESSER , and 
Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 3355: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 3356: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 3366: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3378: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F ATTAH , and Ms. 
TSONGAS . 
H.R. 3397: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3411: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3422: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 3426: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 3427: Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 3455: Mrs. L OWEY and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 3463: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 3466: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3471: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mrs. B ROOKS of 
Indiana, and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 3473: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 3488: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 3497: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 3514: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B URGESS , and 
Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 3518: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3546: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 3556: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3557: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
FINCHER . 
H.R. 3566: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 3587: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 3588: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3608: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 3632: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3634: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3637: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 3679: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 3687: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3690: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 3696: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. K EATING , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3700: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 3705: Mr. B ARRand Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota. 
H.R. 3706: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 3720: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3721: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3722: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3733: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3742: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIFFITH , and 
Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 3746: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 3756: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 3760: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 3761: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. S AR-
BANES . 
H.R. 3765: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3776: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 3785: Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , 
and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 3793: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
GRIJALVA . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
ZINKE, and Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 3802: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
CRAMER , and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 3805: Mr. T ONKO and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 3806: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington and 
Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3811: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 3812: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 3832: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 3834: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. M OORE , 
and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3849: Ms. K USTER , Ms. H AHN, and Ms. 
PINGREE . 
H.R. 3856: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3862: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. 
CA´RDENAS . 
H.J. Res. 70: Mr. P ALMER . 
H.J. Res. 71: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , 
Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska. 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , 
Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H. Res. 32: Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. L EE, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H. Res. 82: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H. Res. 145: Ms. M OORE and Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. I SSA. 
H. Res. 230: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 289: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H. Res. 290: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. K LINE, Mr. M URPHY of Flor-
ida, Mr. C ALVERT , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Mr. D OLD, and Mr. N ADLER . 
H. Res. 394: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H. Res. 415: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 416: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H. Res. 424: Mr. R EED. 
H. Res. 432: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H. Res. 451: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. S ALM-
ON. 
H. Res. 467: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
ESHOO , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H. Res. 469: Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Res. 472: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H. Res. 498: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. 
COHEN . 
H. Res. 499: Ms. P LASKETT . 
H. Res. 500: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H. Res. 502: Mr. B EYER , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Res. 506: Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. N OLAN , and 
Mr. L EVIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO7.036 H02NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1567 November 2, 2015 
RETAIL INVESTOR PROTECTION 
ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, on October 27, 
2015 the House of Representatives consid-ered H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act. This legislation prohibits the Department of Labor (the Department) from issuing up-dated retirement investment advice rules until the Securities and Exchange Commission completes its rule governing standards of con-duct for brokers and dealers. 
In light of the ongoing rulemaking at the De-
partment and the fact that this legislation does not address any of my concerns regarding the Department’s proposed rule, I oppose this bill. 
While I oppose this bill, I remain concerned 
by the multiple unanswered questions related to the proposed rule and the potential impact the rule will have on the affordability and ac-cessibility of financial information for investors. 
For example, I am concerned that there 
may be practical problems for providers to im-plement the Best Interest Contract Exemption as proposed. The Department should imple-ment the exemption using a less prescriptive and more principles-based approach. 
I am also concerned by the potential impact 
the proposed rule would have on consumers’ access to important retirement education infor-mation. The Department should maintain flexi-bility for advisors to provide investment edu-cation, and take steps to clarify that the pro-posed rule does not disadvantage lifetime in-come options. 
Given the complexity of the proposed rule 
and the many outstanding questions regarding a final rule, the Department should consider options for convening a small working group of industry professionals and consumer advo-cates to aid with implementation, and provide a safe harbor for ‘‘good faith implementation.’’ 
In order to have a successfully implemented 
rule, it is vital that the proposal does not limit consumer choice and access to advice, dis-proportionately impact lower- or middle-income communities, or raise the costs of saving for retirement. 
I recently joined a number of my colleagues 
in sending a letter to the Department express-ing concerns with specific provisions of the proposed rule that may cause market disrup-tions and limit the ability of segments of the market to reasonably access advice. 
Unfortunately, H.R. 1090 is neither construc-
tive nor relevant at this time, which is why I will vote against this bill. I will continue to work in a bipartisan way with my colleagues on the House Financial Services Committee and House Education and the Workforce Com-mittee to address the many concerns that re-main with this proposed rule. HONORING THE 50TH WEDDING AN-
NIVERSARY OF JOHN AND CONNIE RUMBAUGH 
HON. BRAD ASHFORD 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, today, I recog-
nize and congratulate two of my constituents, John and Connie Rumbaugh, who this past Friday celebrated their 50th wedding anniver-sary. 
Both come from small towns, John from 
Bassett, Nebraska and Connie from Hinton, Iowa. John served in the Army, including in Korea following the war, and later worked for Boeing in Seattle before moving to Omaha in 1958. Connie came to Omaha in 1960 to at-tend business school. They met in 1962, and three years later—or 50 years ago Friday— they married. 
The next year they built their own home as 
part of the burgeoning west Omaha develop-ment of the times, and as newlyweds moved into the home in Millard where they still live today. In that home, they raised three children, Marti, Tracy and Kevin. 
I want to honor today their great accom-
plishment together, which to me represents one of the best qualities of the people I rep-resent here in Congress. 
f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
EUREKA MAIN LIBRARY 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 20th anniversary of the Eureka Main Library in Humboldt, which is a community centerpiece for learning. 
In 1988, then California 2nd District State 
Senator Barry Keene sponsored the Construc-tion and Renovation Bond Act, which ap-proved $75 million for library construction in the state. Between 1988 and 1991, the Library Construction Committee and the Friends of the Redwood Libraries raised more than $1.5 million locally to match state funds. 
The Humboldt County Board of Supervisors 
pledged funds in 1989 toward funding of a new library. In 1991, Humboldt County’s project was one of only 16 grant applications chosen by the state for approval. From the bond act, the county received 65 percent of the funds needed to construct the Eureka Main Library. In September 2013, groundbreaking ceremonies were held for the Eureka Main Library at 1313 Third Street in Eureka. 
The Library Construction Advisory Com-
mittee has demonstrated to all Californians its dedication, perseverance and commitment to the greater good of the community. I urge my colleagues to join me in acknowledging and 
celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Eureka Main Library’s construction. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on October 
28, 2015, I was absent from the House and missed Roll Call Vote 577 and Roll Call Vote 578. 
Had I been present for Roll Call Vote 577, 
on ordering the previous question, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ 
Had I been present for Roll Call Vote 578, 
on agreeing to the resolution, H. Res. 495, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ 
f 
RETAIL INVESTOR PROTECTION 
ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I will vote 
against H.R. 1090, which would gravely slow development of new rules designed to better protect individual investors. 
While I have been sympathetic to some in-
dustry concerns—in particular expressing an interest in further refinements with regard to exemptions relating to Best Interest Contracts, education, and lifetime income options—I have also made clear my strong support for rules barring the provision of advice subject to real or potential conflicts of interest. The Depart-ment of Labor has demonstrated an attempt to put forth a balanced rule that accommodates concerns from industry with protections for in-dividual investors. The bill I will vote against, however, would bury this effort behind years of tertiary regulatory and congressional action. 
It is clear that Americans badly need to 
save more for their retirement. As savings policies have evolved to place the decision- making burden on the individual, our rules must be updated to ensure that information is adequately shared and presented. Under the present system, estimates of value lost to these investors as a result of conflicted advice are unconscionably high. While the proposed federal rule is not perfect, it marks an impor-tant step forward and I look forward to working with the administration to continue to improve their effort. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO8.001 E02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1568 November 2, 2015 
CELEBRATING 200 YEARS OF THE 
CONNECTICUT BUSINESS AND IN-DUSTRY ASSOCIATION 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate 200 years of the Connecticut Business and Industry Association (CBIA). 
Today, we recognize CBIA for serving as an 
advocate for businesses in Connecticut. For two hundred years, CBIA has tirelessly worked to promote policies and provide services to support businesses—both large and small—in our state. Today, CBIA continues to act as a strong advocate for local businesses in the 5th Congressional District and throughout Con-necticut. 
The State of Connecticut boasts a highly- 
skilled workforce, a strong tradition of manu-facturing, and good old-fashioned Yankee in-genuity. These qualities make Connecticut an ideal place for innovation and entrepreneur-ship. 
Joe Brennan began his tenure at CBIA in 
1988 as a staff attorney. Since 2014, he has led the organization as its President and CEO. Throughout his time at CBIA, he has main-tained his focus on CBIA members, and he continues to strive to promote a sound busi-ness environment and improve workforce readiness in Connecticut. 
Congratulations to Mr. Brennan, the Board 
of Directors, staff, and members of the Con-necticut Business and Industry Association on the organization’s 200th anniversary. I look forward to many more years of your continued dedication to our state. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE MICHIGAN ADVOCACY PROGRAM 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Michigan Advocacy Program on their 50th anniversary. 
Since 1965, the Michigan Advocacy Pro-
gram has worked to make legal representation and aid accessible to low income individuals across Michigan. Every single day they are fighting to keep people in their homes, push-ing back against unfair workforce practices, and working to ensure the safety for women and children across the state of Michigan. Each year they provide free representation for over ten thousand low income individuals that would not otherwise have been able to afford a lawyer and could have been denied access to the courts. 
Through their focus and dedication, the 
Michigan Advocacy Program has given a voice to low income families by providing free civil legal representation. Over the past 50 years, we have had the pleasure of watching the Michigan Advocacy Program grow from the Legal Services of South Central Michigan into a flourishing organization that works to support families across the state of Michigan. 
Equal access to our system of justice and 
the judicial system is a key tenet of our de-mocracy. Courts and the legal system should 
not be reserved only for those who have the most resources. The Michigan Advocacy Pro-gram has helped promote fairness and equal-ity in our society by increasing access to legal aid and representation to low income individ-uals across Michigan. They have an incredibly successful track record and years of hard work is certainly worthy of our praise. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor the Michigan Advocacy Pro-gram on their 50th Anniversary and wish them many more years of success. 
f 
THE CRYSTAL GLOBE AWARDS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with sin-
cere admiration that I recognize the Asian American Medical Association, which will host its 39th Annual Gala on Saturday, November 14, 2015, at Avalon Manor in Hobart, Indiana. Each year, the Asian American Medical Asso-ciation pays tribute to prominent, outstanding citizens and organizations for their contribu-tions to the community. In recognition of their efforts, these honorees are awarded the pres-tigious Crystal Globe Award. 
The Asian American Medical Association 
has been a tremendous asset to Northwest In-diana. Its members have selflessly dedicated themselves to providing quality medical serv-ices to the residents of Northwest Indiana and have served their communities through many cultural, scholastic, and charitable endeavors. 
At this year’s Annual Gala, the Asian Amer-
ican Medical Association will present the Crys-tal Globe Award to one of Northwest Indiana’s finest citizens and my dear friend, David Bochnowski. Dave serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Northwest Indi-ana Bancorp, and its operating subsidiary, Peoples Bank. For his exceptional leadership and his outstanding contributions to his coun-try, state, and community, he is worthy of the highest praise. 
Dave received his undergraduate and law 
degrees from Georgetown University and earned a master’s degree from Howard Uni-versity. Additionally, he is a Vietnam veteran and earned the Bronze Star during his time of service to our country. Prior to his banking ca-reer, Dave served as a Special Assistant to Senator Birch Bayh and was a law clerk for United States District Court Judge James Noland. 
Throughout his illustrious career, Mr. 
Bochnowski has been a leader in state and national banking associations, testifying before Congress, the Federal Reserve, and the Secu-rities Exchange Commission (SEC) on issues related to banking and small business. Since 1981, Dave has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Northwest Indiana Bancorp and Peoples Bank, which is headquartered in Munster, Indiana, and oper-ates sixteen locations throughout Lake and Porter counties. Under Dave’s leadership, Peoples Bank continues to provide exceptional customer service, following the same prin-ciples his grandfather implemented when he founded the bank in 1910. Peoples Bank has consistently thrived and has been listed among the top 200 community banks in Amer-
ica by US Banker magazine, from 2007 through 2015, based on a key banking indus-try performance indicator. 
Additionally, Mr. Bochnowski has selflessly 
served his community through his involvement in various organizations and civic activities, in-cluding the Legacy Foundation, Quality of Life Council, Purdue University Technology Center, Gary YWCA, and the Community Hospital System. He also serves as a member of One Region and the SEC Advisory Committee for Small and Emerging Companies and is a past board member of the Gary/Chicago Inter-national Airport Authority. Due to his out-standing leadership and dedication to his com-munity, in 2001, Dave was appointed Chair-man of the Indiana Department of Financial In-stitutions by Governor Frank O’Bannon. In ad-dition, he has been inducted into the North-west Indiana Business and Industry Hall of Fame and is a recipient of the Sagamore of the Wabash, Indiana’s highest citizen award. 
Dave’s excellence in his field and commit-
ment to charitable endeavors throughout the community is exceeded only by his devotion to his amazing family. Dave and his wife, Ann, have four beloved children: Benjamin, Julia, James, and John. 
My father has always stressed that it takes 
a strong man to be a gentleman. David Bochnowski is that gentleman. A gentleman whose strength of character, wish to leave the world improved, and sense of service, are traits we should all attempt to emulate. I’ve been blessed to have Dave as a friend, but we have all been blessed to know him. To quote Homer: ‘‘He [is] a friend to man.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in com-mending the members of the Asian American Medical Association, as well as this year’s Crystal Globe Award recipient, David Bochnowski, for their outstanding contributions to their community and beyond. Their unwav-ering commitment to improving the quality of life for the people of Northwest Indiana is truly inspirational, and I am proud to serve as their representative in Washington, D.C. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
MAJOR GENERAL EDWARD W. TONINI 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 
service of a very distinguished Kentuckian, Major General Edward Tonini. He currently serves the Commonwealth as the 51st Adju-tant General and retires in 2015. 
General Tonini’s career began as an en-
listed member of the 123rd Tactical Recon-naissance Wing of the Kentucky Air National Guard. He received a direct commission as a Second Lieutenant in the Guard in 1970. He earned many awards and decorations for his service in the Air National Guard, including the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, the Le-gion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal (with 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), and an Air Force Commendation Medal. He rose through the ranks to become Chief of Staff of the Ken-tucky Air National Guard. In 2001, he went on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02NO8.003 E02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1569 November 2, 2015 
to serve as Director of Your Guardians of 
Freedom at the Pentagon and later served at the Air Force Personnel Center in Denver, Colorado. 
Tonini was appointed by Governor Steve 
Beshear as Adjutant General of the Common-wealth of Kentucky on December 11, 2007. As the Adjutant General, he serves as the Com-manding General of both the Kentucky Army and Air National Guard and as the Executive Director of the Department of Military Affairs. He is responsible for Federal and State mis-sions, including responding in times of emer-gency. He serves on the Governor’s cabinet and is the Governor’s advisor on all military matters. 
General Tonini has served the Common-
wealth of Kentucky and this nation with honor. He is to be commended on his long and dis-tinguished military career and his life of serv-ice and sacrifice. Major General Edward Tonini is an outstanding American, a true pa-triot, and a hero to us all. Along with a grateful nation, I honor him for his service. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BE-LOVED DAVE DAUGHTRY 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with profound sadness that I rise to honor the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved Dave Daughtry. For over thirty years, Dave dedicated his broadcasting career to serving the people of the Gulf Coast community, and Northwest Florida mourns his passing. 
From what began at a small radio station in 
Andalusia, Alabama, Dave’s successful broad-casting career and love of writing would take him to Huntsville, Alabama; Nashville, Knox-ville, and Memphis, Tennessee; and Wash-ington, D.C. before making his way to Pensa-cola, Florida—a community that would wel-come him with open arms, and remain his home until his passing. 
Dave quickly became a known figure over 
the local television airwaves as news anchor at WEAR–TV in Pensacola and then as re-porter-anchor with WALA–TV in Mobile, Ala-bama. According to Denise, his bride of 26 years, radio was what he loved most, how-ever, and it is radio where he dedicated his career for the last 14 years of his life. This love was demonstrated by the fact that he would arrive at 5 a.m. every morning to host the WEBY–AM morning show, ‘‘Wake up with Dave.’’ 
To many, Dave will be remembered and ap-
preciated for his company and entertainment on their morning commute; however, to those closest to him, including his dogs Peaches and Pal, Dave will be remembered as a loving husband, father, and grandfather and will greatly be missed. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my constituents in 
Florida’s First Congressional District, I am proud to honor and commemorate the life and legacy of Dave Daughtry. Vicki and I offer his entire family, especially his wife, Denise; chil-dren, Bonnie, Michael, and Patrick; seven grandchildren, Lindsey, Shannon, Evan, Pat-rick, Amanda, Shelby, and Benjamin; and the entire Daughtry family our deepest condo-
lences and prayers. May God continue to bless them all during this difficult time. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS HARR 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I proudly 
rise to salute my constituent, Thomas E. Harr, as he steps down as Executive Director of Family Services, Inc. 
Under Mr. Harr’s visionary leadership, FSI, 
which is based in Gaithersburg, Maryland, has developed into an agency that cares for vul-nerable clients from cradle to grave, becom-ing, in essence, a caring, secondary family— giving true meaning to the organization’s name. FSI provides high-quality service to fos-ter health and well-being in the home, school and community as it serves more than 25,000 residents in Montgomery and Prince George’s Counties. Mr. Harr has overseen this organi-zation through a period of extraordinary growth, enabling the organization to be an ef-fective safety net for the most vulnerable members of our community. 
Mr. Harr’s tenure has been distinguished by 
his tireless efforts to make Family Services treat the ‘‘whole’’ person throughout their en-tire lifespan. His vision encompasses a holistic philosophy of human services. Long an oppo-nent of fragmented silos of care and the lack of coordination between them, he encouraged his mental health clinic to integrate mental health, substance abuse and primary care services, including the treatment and manage-ment of co-occurring conditions. He spear-headed the partnership of his organization 
with a primary care provider and a reproduc-tive health specialty clinic to address the then- unappreciated somatic consequences of hav-ing a mental illness. He reached out to an-other historic provider, GUIDE, which later merged with Family Services and brought with it an impressive array of youth services. The Family Services of today encompasses 31 programs and touches every sector of vulner-able residents in Montgomery County. Its ex-cellence has recently been recognized by its receiving the first CARF accreditation in the County. 
Under Mr. Harr’s leadership, FSI has seen 
the addition of a new child development center in 2000, an outpatient mental health clinic in 2001, a family multi-service center in 2002, and a hospital neonatal screening program in 2004, to name a few major projects. In addi-tion, Mr. Harr oversaw the doubling of the agency’s Head Start program, the opening of an additional child care center in another re-gion of the County, and the creation of one of the County’s first integrated care clinics. 
Mr. Harr has also been deeply involved with 
the needs of our vulnerable elderly population. Under his leadership, FSI opened a medical day program, an outpatient substance abuse clinic, an adolescent recovery club house, ex-pansion of the adult psychiatric day program, and a school mental health and social service program. And, finally, he facilitated FSI’s as-suming a major role in the County’s implemen-tation of the Affordable Care Act, accepting a contract to run our region’s health insurance navigator program. Prior to joining FSI, Mr. Harr served as the 
Chief of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services in Montgomery County’s Department of Health and Human Services and Deputy Di-rector of the Department of Addiction, Victim and Mental Health Services. Mr. Harr also had distinguished service in the United States Air Force. 
Mr. Speaker, Thom Harr is an extraordinary 
and exceptional leader whose pioneering spir-it, passion and drive led him to fight for those who are unable to fight for themselves. His in-fluence in our region is profound. I ask my col-leagues to join me in expressing our deepest gratitude and appreciation to him for his out-standing service to our community. He has truly made a difference in the lives of count-less individuals and families, and his impact will be felt, with grateful appreciation, for many years to come. 
f 
SUGAR LAND MIDDLE SCHOOL 
TURNS 40 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate Sugar Land Middle School in my hometown of Sugar Land, Texas on its 40th anniversary. 
This year marks 40 years of educating, 
learning, and helping our children succeed. A lot has changed since this school opened its doors in 1975 but one thing has remained the same—Sugar Land Middle School’s commit-ment to excellence. It has remained a great place for our future leaders to learn and grow. Thank you to the many teachers and faculty members who’ve worked so hard to make SLMS great throughout the years. Without a dedicated team, our Sugar Land Titans wouldn’t be thriving like they are today. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Sugar Land Middle School on 40 successful years of educating our leaders of tomorrow. 
f 
HONORING ED SARFATY 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Edmond Sarfaty, a dear friend who served with my late father Bernard Deutch during World War II. Their 84th Infantry Divi-sion fought valiantly at the Battle of the Bulge, where Mr. Sarfaty was wounded three times. 
I am privileged to represent a district that is 
home to a large number of World War II vet-erans, veterans to whom I am tremendously grateful for their heroic service. The legacy of service and self-sacrifice from this generation of Americans, exemplified by Mr. Sarfaty and so many others, is humbling. Our country owes all servicemembers an enormous debt of gratitude. It is also vital that we recognize and remember the outstanding sacrifices of their families. Their invaluable support is a gift to our Nation, and one that is too often over-looked. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02NO8.005 E02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1570 November 2, 2015 
Throughout his life, Ed Sarfaty has been de-
fined by his dedication, willingness to serve, and patriotism. From his military service during World War II to his endless community in-volvement in Florida today, Mr. Sarfaty has exemplified selflessness and patriotism. I am grateful for the continued friendship of Ed and his wife, Sydelle. I am proud to join the Lake Worth West Democratic Club in honoring Mr. Sarfaty and in thanking him and all those who gave so much to ensure our freedom. 
f 
HONORING MS. TEOLA SANDERS 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary life and service of Ms. Teola Sanders, and I commend her fifty years of im-passioned leadership and unyielding vol-unteerism to the East Bay community. Ms. Sanders’ dedication to Bay Area women’s rights, horticulture, arts and humanities, re-flects the lasting legacy of her service. 
Ms. Sanders was born in Mansfield, Lou-
isiana in 1931 and was the oldest of four chil-dren. In 1938, the family relocated to Oakland, California. Ms. Sanders attended Oakland Public Schools and was a proud graduate of Oakland Technical High School. In 1951, she met Jeff Sanders and from this union three children were born: Tori, Andre, and Jay. 
Ms. Sanders completed community college 
courses before obtaining her Real Estate Li-cense. For 27 years, she worked for the Shorenstein Company (formerly Milton Meyer and Company), one of the country’s oldest and most respected real estate organizations. Her tremendous leadership led to her appoint-ment as the company’s lead organizer for po-litical and humanitarian events throughout the San Francisco Bay Area. 
Extremely passionate about local politics, 
Ms. Sanders was a founding member of Black Women Organized for Political Action (BWOPA). One of BWOPA’s first major suc-cesses was helping elect Ronald V. Dellums to the United States Congress in 1971. Ms. Sanders’ passion for political activism contin-ued and she was appointed to serve on nu-merous boards, including the Commission of the Deputy Chief of Protocol by Oakland Mayor Elihu Harris, and the Horticultural Com-mission by Governor Jerry Brown. She was also the Founding President of Today’s Women, Inc., and a founding member of the Black Filmmakers Hall of Fame. 
Ms. Sanders’ life was dedicated to the serv-
ice of others. She generously donated her time to the Oakland Museum, the Oakland Symphony, the African American Museum and Library Coalition, the American Red Cross and many other humanitarian organizations. 
Ultimately, Ms. Sanders was blessed to live 
a full life with no regrets. A loving mother, grandmother, great-grandmother, and friend, Ms. Sanders will truly be missed. But we can rest assured knowing her lasting memory of love and wisdom will continue to guide all those who knew and loved her. Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes the legacy of Ms. Teola Sanders, and her contributions which have truly im-pacted countless lives throughout the Bay Area. I join all of Ms. Sanders’ loved ones in celebrating her incredible life and offer my most sincere condolences. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
DANIEL R. JENSEN 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the service of Daniel R. Jensen. As president of DNC Parks & Resorts at Yosem-ite, Dan Jensen has been responsible for 
overseeing lodging, food service, retail, trans-portation and guest services for Yosemite’s 4+ million visitors each year. Representing the single largest concession contract in the Na-tional Park System, the Yosemite operation in-cludes such diverse locations as The Ahwahnee and the High Sierra Camps, and activities from Nordic and downhill skiing at Badger Pass to interpretative services. 
Dan returned to Yosemite in 2006 after hav-
ing worked for Yosemite Park & Curry Co. from 1979 to 1992. In addition to his 22 years of Yosemite experience, he has served as a consultant/owner engaged in development of themed concepts domestically and internation-ally. He also has an extensive career in theme parks, serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Universal Stu-dios Japan. Prior to joining Universal Studios Japan, Dan served as Executive Vice Presi-dent of Universal Orlando. 
Dan began his career with Price 
Waterhouse, headquartered in Los Angeles, where he had a large number of Fortune 500 clients and spent part of his career in South Africa. Dan holds an MBA from UCLA and a BA in Economics from UC Riverside, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. 
He is on the Board of Trustees and the 
Council of the Yosemite Conservancy, presi-dent of the Yosemite/Mariposa Tourism Bu-reau, a member of the UC Merced Board of Trustees, an active supporter of NatureBridge and a frequent participant in board meetings and other activities and a member of numer-ous partner groups in support of Yosemite. 
Dan and his wife Suzanne were born and 
raised in the central California town of Visalia. They have a lifelong attachment to Yosemite that they share with their two children, having raised them in Yosemite before moving to Or-lando, FL in 1992. Dan’s enthusiasm for Yo-semite has been a recurring theme throughout his career and his interest in park challenges insures an insightful and compassionate voice on issues affecting Yosemite’s visitors and the people who serve them. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Daniel R. Jensen in the cele-bration of his hard work and achievements. It is with great pride that I thank him for his serv-ice and lasting contributions to Yosemite Na-tional Park. HONORING THE LA VERNE/SAN 
DIMAS VFW POST 12034 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to salute the dedicated and selfless work of the distinguished La Verne/San Dimas Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 12034. VFW Post 12034, known as the ‘‘Band of Brothers,’’ provides Honor Guard service for Veterans Day, Memorial Day, Fourth of July, and other civic ceremonies in my district. 
Post 12034’s Honor Guard helps us to rec-
ognize and pay solemn tribute to our veterans by providing Honor Guard for over one hun-dred military funerals every year. VFW Post 12034’s Honor Guard has travelled thousands of miles to honor the sacrifice of servicemembers—men and women—who pre-served the freedoms we too often take for granted. 
Because of VFW 12034 Band of Brothers’ 
enduring service and sacrifice to honor a debt we can never fully repay, but a debt we must honor, these distinguished patriots have been recognized as an ‘‘All-State’’ and an ‘‘All- American’’ Veterans of Foreign Wars Post. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues today to 
join me and the residents of the 32nd District of California in acknowledging and thanking VFW Post 12034 for their commitment to the values that drive our brave men and women in uniform—the noble values of honor, respect, courage, and selflessness. 
f 
MISSOURI CITY MIDDLE SCHOOL 
TURNS 40 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate Missouri City Middle School, a great Texas school, on its 40th anniversary. 
This year marks 40 years of educating, 
learning, and helping our children succeed. A lot has changed since this school opened its doors in 1975 but one thing has remained the same—Missouri City Middle School’s commit-ment to excellence. It has remained a great place for our future leaders to learn and grow. Thank you to the many teachers and faculty members who’ve worked so hard to make MCMS great throughout the years. Without a dedicated team, our Missouri City Cougars wouldn’t be thriving like they are today. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Mis-souri City Middle School on 40 successful years of educating our leaders of tomorrow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO8.007 E02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1571 November 2, 2015 
THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK RE-
FORM AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT (H.R. 597) 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the Export-Import Bank Re-form and Reauthorization Act, and I applaud the triumph of democracy over ideology that it represents. 
The Export-Import Bank is, and always has 
been, about jobs. It’s about the ability of U.S. companies of all sizes to grow their business by exporting their products, and to compete on a level playing field with their foreign competi-tors in global markets—many of whom con-tinue to receive export financing from any one of the 85 foreign export credit agencies still operating around the world. The only compa-nies hurt by the far right’s crusade against the Export-Import Bank are our own companies, employing American workers, manufacturing products stamped ‘‘Made in the USA.’’ 
That didn’t make sense in July, when the 
Export-Import Bank’s charter was allowed to expire—and it doesn’t make sense now. Which is why I am very pleased that a bipar-tisan majority in the House of Representatives is at long last saying ‘‘enough is enough.’’ I’m proud to be a part of that bipartisan majority, and I call on the Senate to reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank without delay. 
f 
IN HONOR OF NOW-NYC’S 35TH AN-
NUAL SUSAN B. ANTHONY AWARDS 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the women who are receiving the 2015 Susan B. Anthony award from the New York City chapter of the National Organization for Women (NOW-NYC) for their efforts in promoting equal rights for women. Each year, NOW-NYC recognizes grassroots activists who have worked to im-prove the lives of women and girls in New York City. This year’s honorees are Kimberle ´ 
Williams Crenshaw, Krystal C., and Tamar Kraft-Stolar. 
Committed to giving women a voice, NOW- 
NYC strives to promote reproductive rights, empower women economically, and end the violence and discrimination that women face. The organization provides a myriad of re-sources for issues relating to housing, police misconduct, and child-custody. NOW-NYC is a leading advocate of women’s rights and a force for justice. Among other things, their vol-unteers escort women to reproductive health clinics, advocate for legislation such as anti- trafficking provisions and lead open discus-sions on the status of women in politics today. As the largest NOW chapter in the country, NOW-NYC plays a fundamental role in shap-ing the local and national debate on women’s issues. 
Kimberle ´Williams Crenshaw, author of four 
groundbreaking reports on African American women and the unique struggles they face in 
America, has received national acclaim for the attention she draws to the challenges women of color face. Professor Crenshaw, a law pro-fessor at UCLA and Columbia, is a leading theorist on Black feminism and civil rights. An advocate for a gender-inclusive approach to racial justice, she is also the co-founder and Executive Director of the African American Policy Forum, a gender and racial justice think tank. Professor Crenshaw is co-author of the groundbreaking reports, Black Girls Matter: Pushed Out, Overpoliced and Underprotected, and Say Her Name: Resisting Police Brutality Against Black Women. 
Former New York Jets cheerleader turned 
women’s rights activist, Krystal C., is taking a stand against unfair wage practices by profes-sional football teams. As a Jets cheerleader, she was paid just $150 per game and $100 per special event, and was not compensated for practice time, training camp and other ap-pearances. Based on hours actually worked, she was receiving only $3.77 an hour, signifi-cantly below the state’s minimum wage. She was also required to incur out-of-pocket ex-penses for motivational gifts, uniform mainte-nance and hair straightening. Krystal filed a class action lawsuit against the Jets. 
Tamar Kraft-Stolar, Co-Director of the 
Women and Justice Project (WJP), is com-mitted to advocating on behalf of women who are imprisoned. WJP is dedicated to ending the mass incarceration of women. Before join-ing WJP, she managed the Correctional Asso-ciation of New York’s Women in Prison Project for over a decade. As a leader on incarcer-ation reform, Ms. Kraft-Stolar spearheaded the very successful campaign to pass legislation ending the shackling of incarcerated women during childbirth. 
Additionally Miyhosi Benton, Bridgette 
Gibbs, Ursulina Miranda, Tina Tinen, and Maria Ventura are being recognized for their efforts to end the inhumane practice of shack-ling incarcerated pregnant women in New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring NOW-NYC and the 2015 Susan B. Anthony Award recipients for their persever-ance and advocacy in the fight to end injustice and ensure equality for women. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JUAN 
FELIPE HERRERA 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the work and celebrate the achieve-ments of United States Poet Laureate, Juan Felipe Herrera. Mr. Herrera is a California na-tive and the first Latino in history to become a Poet Laureate. He took up his duties of Poet Laureate this fall by opening Hispanic Heritage Month at the Library of Congress with a read-ing of one of his works. 
Mr. Herrera succeeds Charles Wright as the 
21st Poet Laureate and joins a long line of distinguished poets who have served in the position, including the late Philip Levine who was a Fresno native and former professor at the California State University, Fresno. Mr. Herrera was previously appointed as California Poet Laureate by Governor Jerry Brown and 
served from 2012–2015. 
Born in Fowler, California in 1948 to migrant 
farmworker parents, Mr. Herrera spent his early life living in tents and trailers with his family throughout the San Joaquin Valley and the Salinas Valley following the seasonal crops. His experience as a campesino has strongly influenced his works. Traveling from the San Joaquin Valley to San Diego’s Logan Heights and San Francisco’s Mission District gave him three distinct California experiences, which is where he draws his inspiration from. Growing up in the ’60s and attending college in the ’70s during the Chicano Movement in-spired Mr. Herrera and his writing style, which fuses wide-ranging experimentalism with re-flections on Mexican-American identity. 
Mr. Herrera graduated from San Diego High 
School in 1967 and was one of the first waves of Latinos to receive the Educational Oppor-tunity Program scholarship to attend the Uni-versity of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). He received a Bachelor’s degree in Social Anthro-pology from UCLA, a Master’s degree in So-cial Anthropology from Stanford University, and a Master’s of Fine Arts degree at the Uni-versity of Iowa Writer’s Workshop. He has worked as a poet for over 40 years throughout California at various colleges, universities, mi-grant camps, continuation high schools, juve-nile halls, and prisons. 
Among his many works Mr. Herrera is the 
author of 28 books of poetry, novels for young adults, and collections for children. He pub-lished his first collection of poems, Rebozos of Love in 1974 and some of his subsequent work includes Exiles of Desire (1985), Border- Crosser with a Lamorghini Dream (1999), and Senegal Taxi (2013). Mr. Herrera has also published 11 young adult and children’s books, including The Upside Down Boy (2000), which was adopted into a musical and most recently Portraits of Hispanic American Heroes (2014), a picture book showcasing in-spiring Hispanic and Latino Americans. 
Mr. Herrera’s honors include fellowships 
from the Guggenheim Foundation and the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts, two Latino Hall of Fame Poetry Awards, and a PEN Open Book Award. He has also received the PEN USA National Poetry Award, PEN Oakland Jo-sephine Miles Award, two Ame ´ricas Awards, 
two Pura Belpre ´Author Honor Awards, the 
Independent Publisher Book Award, the Ezra Jack Keats Award, and fellowships from the Bread Loaf Writers’ Conference and the Stan-ford University Chicano Fellows. 
Among his writing and social activism, Mr. 
Herrera also served as Chancellor for the Academy of American Poets in 2011. He has served as the Chair of the Chicano and Latin American Studies Department at California State University, Fresno, and also held the Toma ´s Rivera Endowed Chair in the Creative 
Writing Department at the University of Cali-fornia, Riverside, where he taught until retiring in 2015. 
Since his retirement, Mr. Herrera has be-
come a visiting professor in the Department of American Ethnic Studies at the University of Washington-Seattle. He currently resides in Fresno, with his five children and his partner, fellow poet, and performance artist, Margarita Robles. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I 
ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join me as we honor and celebrate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02NO8.012 E02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1572 November 2, 2015 
Juan Felipe Herrera for his dedication to po-
etry, his community, and education. 
f 
QUAIL VALLEY ELEMENTARY 
SCHOOL TURNS 40 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate Quail Valley Elementary School in Missouri City, Texas on its 40th anniversary. 
This year marks 40 years of educating, 
learning, and helping our children succeed. A lot has changed since this school opened its doors in 1975 but one thing has remained the same—Quail Valley Elementary School’s com-mitment to excellence. It has remained a great place for our future leaders to learn and grow. Thank you to the many teachers and faculty members who’ve worked so hard to make QVE great throughout the years. Without a dedicated team, our Quail Valley Eagles wouldn’t be thriving like they are today. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Quail Valley Elementary School on 40 suc-cessful years of educating our leaders of to-morrow. 
f 
HONORING MR. CONNIE ENGLISH, 
JR. 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Connie English, Jr. for his service to the labor movement as the State Legislative Director for the International Association of Sheet Metal, Air, Rail and Transportation Workers (SMART) and Vice President of Texas AFL–CIO. Mr. English’s retirement comes after a thirty-three year tenure in orga-nized labor. For the last three decades, Mr. English has dedicated his work to the labor movement, ensuring that railroad, bus, and transit workers’ needs are being recognized. 
During his years of work with the labor 
movement, Mr. English has made a direct im-pact on his community through his numerous roles at SMART, formerly known as the United Transportation Union, and with the Texas AFL–CIO. Mr. English began his labor career in 1982, where he served as Legislative Rep-resentative from 1982–1999, Delegate from 1984–1994, Local Chairman from 1984–1996, Vice General from 1985–1996, Secretary to the UTU Texas Legislative Board from 1986– 1996, and Assistant State Legislative Director from 1996–1999. 
Aside from his work with SMART and AFL– 
CIO, English continued to be a community leader as a member on the Bexar County Rail District Board. Mr. English is also a well- known advocate for transportation workers, working to organize statewide support on leg-islative issues and fighting for working people against tough odds, by serving as a labor cau-cus leader on numerous Texas campaigns. Mr. English has been happily married to his wife, Donna, for forty-nine years, and together they have two children, six grandchildren, and 
two great grandchildren. 
In honor of Mr. English’s retirement and his 
dedication and leadership within the public service community, this statement is sub-mitted. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OCTOBER AS 
NATIONAL DOWN SYNDROME AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of October as National Down Syn-drome Awareness Month. 
During the month of October, we celebrate 
the abilities of the more than 400,000 Ameri-cans who have Down syndrome and raise awareness of their accomplishments. We also recognize the difficulties that their families often face and the many opportunities that exist to support them. 
Individuals born with Down syndrome face 
more natural and societal challenges than oth-ers, including barriers in access to quality edu-cation. We, as Americans, have made great strides over the years in better understanding the difficulties these individuals, and their fami-lies, face. Given that 1 in every 691 babies in this country is born with Down syndrome, it is imperative we continue our efforts. 
Good work is being done all across this 
country to improve the health and quality of life for people with Down syndrome, but I want to give special attention to the efforts of the Massachusetts Down Syndrome Congress. The MDSC is an organization I have had the honor and pleasure of working with in recent years, and can attest that it has worked tire-lessly for over thirty years to improve the edu-cational and employment opportunities for chil-dren and adults with Down syndrome. To this end, I want to highlight the MDSC’s annual Buddy Walk in Falmouth, which this past July brought people from all over the Common-wealth to advocate for heightened awareness, inclusion, and acceptance of people with Down syndrome. MDSC also held its annual National Buddy Walk on Washington, bringing over 150 people from more than 25 states to-gether to Capitol Hill to advocate for legislation that positively impacts the lives of people with Down syndrome. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in continuing our efforts by recognizing October as National Down Syndrome Aware-ness Month. There is much work yet to be done. But, as our steadfast Massachusetts and national partners have demonstrated, to-gether, we can make a difference for people with Down syndrome. 
f 
HONORING THE TOWN OF 
KINGSTON SPRINGS 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the town of Kingston Springs on its 50th anniversary. In December of 1965, a group of residents 
sought to incorporate and form a new munici-pality for this tight-knit community in Cheatham County, Tennessee. The original town serviced 290 residents with an annual budget of just over $2,000. The very first elec-tion produced the town’s first group of com-missioners, Raymond Mays, John Frey and Terry Moore—who remained public servants in the community for decades to come. 
Today, Kingston Springs is home to 2,771 
residents and is thriving. With a walkable and historic downtown, 173 acres of parks and trails, a vibrant business community, adven-turous outdoor recreation and a highly-rated fire protection service, its charm and character appeal to both residents and the entire Middle Tennessee community. In fact, Kingston Springs was recently named one of the safest cities in Tennessee and one of the top Nash-ville suburbs. 
It’s a privilege to represent the people of 
Kingston Springs. I congratulate the entire community on a successful 50 years, and wish them even more success to come. 
f 
HONORING THE GREATEST 
GENERATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Paul Shinsky of Alvin, Texas for bravely serving the United States during World War II. 
Mr. Shinsky valiantly served in the Army Air 
Corps as a co-pilot of a B–17 in the 384th Bomber Group during World War II. During the war, Mr. Shinsky’s plane was taken down by German fire and he became a German pris-oner of war. He says he survived his two years as a POW through God’s grace and praying the Rosary. Recently, members from the 384th BG NexGen’s veterans signing project came to Mr. Shinsky and asked him to sign a wing from an original B–17. This wing, with the signatures of Mr. Shinsky and other living members of the 384th Bomber Group, will be put in the Hill Aerospace Museum at Hill Air Force Base near Ogden, Utah. As a former Navy pilot, I am humbled by Paul’s noble service to our country. He truly em-bodies the Greatest Generation. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas and all the brave men and women who have served our country, we thank Paul for his service. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,590,112,385.69. We’ve 
added $7,525,713,063,472.61 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02NO8.014 E02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1573 November 2, 2015 
have avoided with a balanced budget amend-
ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RIVERSIDE COUNTY’S 
RECIPIENTS OF OPERATION REC-OGNITION 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to a group of individ-uals—heroes—who are receiving the recogni-tion and honor they deserve for their service to our country. Operation Recognition is oper-ated by the Riverside County Office of Edu-cation with assistance from the Riverside County Department of Veterans’ Services. The program awards high school diplomas to vet-erans who missed completing high school due to military service in World War II, the Korean War, or the Vietnam War, or for those who were interned in WWII Japanese-American re-location camps. 
A recognition ceremony will be held on No-
vember 10, 2015, for the following individuals who received their high school diplomas through Operation Recognition: 
David Beaudoin; Robert Michael Coe; Ben-
jamin John Cusumano; Harvey Robert Harris; James Esco Lenon, Jr; Joe Pena, Jr; Juan Pena, Jr; Ruben Martinez Peters; Richard Rosenthal; Jacinto Reyes Salinas; Ralph Hamilton Wolfe, Jr. 
Our country owes a debt of gratitude to all 
the above recipients for their service and sac-rifice. I salute all of these individuals and con-gratulate them on receiving their high school diploma. 
f 
HONORING MILITARY VETERANS 
FROM NASSAU COUNTY, FLORIDA 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor eighty-eight military veterans who re-side in my Congressional District in Nassau County, Florida and recognize them with a special medal in honor of their military service and in gratitude of our country The veterans’ ceremony carries special significance as it falls during Northeast Florida’s Week of Valor and in light of the fact that brave American military members continue to serve across the globe. 
Veterans in Nassau County have always 
taken part in our Nation’s battles dating back to the Seminole-Indian Wars, Civil War, World War I and II, Korea, Vietnam and operations in the Middle East. These citizens have served with distinction and courage no matter their assignments. Each veteran accepted the call to serve and take his or her turn on the watch. The secret of our outstanding military is the citizens from communities, like Nassau Coun-ty, stepping forward to serve. The faces of America’s military can be found right here in Bryceville, Callahan, Fernandina Beach, Hill-iard and Yulee, Florida. 
The veterans we honor were nurses, doc-
tors and aircraft mechanics. During World War II, one sat in a ball turret as a gunner; one 
was a P–17 pilot. In Korea, they called in air strikes as forward air controllers and worked in MASH units. In Vietnam, they were on the ground as infantrymen or in the air in heli-copters. One of them helped develop the as-sault amphibious vehicle still used by the Ma-rine Corps today. Some saw fierce combat in Iraq and worked counter drug operations in South and Central America. Several earned Bronze Stars and other service medals. Some wear Purple Hearts. All of them served with distinction, dedication and devotion to our country. 
Over the years I have had the honor of rec-
ognizing over two thousand veterans in Flor-ida’s Fourth Congressional District. This year, I am honored to commend the following men and women for their service to our country and to salute them for a job well done: John W. Ashmead; Emily Jo Baumgartner; George P. ‘‘Pat’’ Beamer; Ula E. Bennett; John S. Bil-lings; Thomas Blackwelder; Robert S. Bolan, Jr.; Joseph H. Bottoni; Harry E. Bowman; Paul Henry Brown; Stanley R. Bunch; Gerald B. Burford, M.D.; G. Kyle Burford; Robert R. Capps; Edward M. Coop; William Larry Cravey; Noah S. Crawford; Steven John Crounse; Andrew J. Curtin; Cara A. Curtin; Robert J. De Angelo; Harry Duccilli, Jr., M.D.; Samuel O. Entriken; M. Daniel Fullwood; Erving Gilyard; Thomas J. Gora; Leo Green; Eugene Rawson Griffin, III; John Halliday; James W. Hendricks; Walter A. Hickey; Thom-as J. Higginbotham; Henry L. Hines, Jr.; Roy Holland; Darryl J. Hooper; Roger L. Horton; James II. Jones; Gordon E. Jonsrud; Edward Lee Kaywork; Conrad Kohlman; Gene A. Kyzer; Erik Larsen; Joseph R. Laspina; An-drea E.I. Latza-Meires; Leonard L. Lyons; Susan L Marden; William J. Marsh; Paul N. Massing; William G. McKeown; Patrick A. Meires; Gerald R. Miller; Presley K. Mitchell; W. Patrick Monaghan; Victor X. Monroy; Alva Barry Moody; Cynthia J. Morley; John D. Mor-ley; Albert F. Nelson; Mary A. Nuttall; Alice Faye Overstreet; Kenneth B. Overstreet; Al-bert D. Owens; LeRoy Owens; Kenneth W. Pennington; George T. Pippin III; Gordon A. Plugge, Jr.; John D. Pruitt; Francis R. Quattrene; Josef I. Reece; Charles E. Revels; Sylvester Ross, Henry M. Rothschild; John W. Scherer; Eddie W. Shepherd; Edwin C. Sherer; Cleo F. Smith; John W. Stephens, Jr.; Dale C. Stickrath; Rick Traum; Jerry A. Tyner; James Bruce Underwood; Dumas J. Vines, Jr.; Willie F. Watson; Ralph L. Wickson; Thomas T. Workman; Jesse L. Wright; Ed-ward A. Zack; and Nello R. Zortea. 
f 
ALAA ALY RECEIVES THE GIRL 
SCOUT GOLD AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Alaa Aly, for earning the Girl Scouts of the USA Gold Award, their most prestigious honor. 
Alaa, a graduate of Cinco Ranch High 
School, was recognized for her extraordinary leadership and efforts to raise Alzheimer’s awareness. She volunteered with the Cinco Ranch Alzheimer’s Center and Foundations Academy, a preschool and after school pro-
gram, where she hosted an entertainment drive. Alaa has been a member of the San Jacinto Council since she was in second grade and previously earned the Girl Scout Bronze and Silver Awards for her other con-tributions to her community. What an accom-plished young woman. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Alaa Aly for receiving the Girl Scouts of the USA Gold Award. 
f 
HONORING OZARK ACTION 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Ozark Action for the 50 years of outstanding service that they have provided to Missourians. Ozark Action is a non-profit community action agency whose impact stretches across six counties in Missouri by providing life-saving services for people in need. 
Ozark Action was formed in 1965 to ensure 
that people had their basic needs met, includ-ing food and clothing. The agency is led by executive director Bryan Adcock and contains three main departments and ranges of serv-ices. Angie Berry directs the community serv-ices department, which conducts a range of important activities to provide direct assistance to our citizens. The Head Start program, led by Kathleen Simonson, is an integral compo-nent of Ozark Action that provides a pre- school experience to children from low-income families and children with disabilities. The Housing and Weather Department is super-vised by Terry Sanders, whose staff has as-sisted numerous people in our area to find af-fordable housing and improve the cost effi-ciency of their homes. 
It is my pleasure to recognize Ozark Action 
before the United States House of Represent-atives for improving the lives of others throughout Missouri. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Monday, No-
vember 2, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02NO8.020 E02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1574 November 2, 2015 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 3 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the future 
of warfare. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Uganda, Lisa J. Peterson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Swaziland, and H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, all of the Department of State. 
SD–419 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Business meeting to consider the nomi-
nation of Adam J. Szubin, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be Under Sec-retary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Department of the Treasury. 
SD–538 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Se-
curity Cooperation 
To hold hearings to examine Putin’s in-
vasion of Ukraine and the propaganda in Europe. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and 
the Law 
To hold hearings to examine data bro-
kers, focusing on whether consumers’ information is secure. 
SD–226 NOVEMBER 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine how gagging 
honest reviews harms consumers and the economy. 
SR–253 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States policy in North Africa. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the value of 
education choices for low-income fami-lies, focusing on reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Stuart F. Delery, of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Attorney General, Department of Justice. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine reforming 
the Federal budget process, focusing on a biennial approach to better budg-eting. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Ac-
tion, Federal Rights and Federal Courts 
To hold hearings to examine the Amer-
ican victims of Iranian and Palestinian terrorism. 
SH–216 
2:30 p.m. 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine ensuring 
success for the Social Security Dis-ability Insurance program and its bene-
ficiaries. 
SD–106 
NOVEMBER 5 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine agency 
progress in retrospective review of ex-isting regulations. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine wildfire, fo-
cusing on stakeholder perspectives on budgetary impacts and threats to nat-ural resources on Federal, state, and private lands. 
SR–328A 
2 p.m. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe 
To hold hearings to examine the rule of 
law and civil society in Azerbaijan. 
CHOB–311 
NOVEMBER 17 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine past wild-
fire seasons to inform and improve fu-ture Federal wildland fire management strategies. 
SD–366 
NOVEMBER 19 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Well Control Rule and other regu-lations related to offshore oil and gas production. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M02NO8.000 E02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1162 Monday, November 2, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, November 3, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3868–3878; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 508–509, were introduced.
                        Page H7389 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7390–91 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces (H. Rept. 114–319); 
H.R. 3144, to require consultation with the Avia-
tion Security Advisory Committee regarding modi-fications to the prohibited item list, require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board, and 
for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–320); 
H.R. 3361, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–321); 
H.R. 3503, to require an assessment of fusion cen-
ter personnel needs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–322); 
H.R. 3505, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to improve the management and administra-tion of the security clearance processes throughout the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–323); 
H.R. 3598, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to enhance the partnership between the De-partment of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers, and for other purposes, 
with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–324); and 
H. Res. 507, providing for consideration of the 
Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; providing for proceedings during the period from November 6, 2015, through November 13, 2015; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 114–325).
                                                         Page H7389 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Allen to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H7349 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:02 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H7349 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Boehner, wherein he resigned as Rep-resentative for the Eighth Congressional District of Ohio, effective on October 31, 2015.
             Page H7350 
Whole Number of the House: Under clause 5(d) 
of Rule 20, the Chair announced to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Boehner, the whole number of the House is 434.
                                                                             Page H7350 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:11 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:07 p.m.                                                    Page H7351 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02NO5.REC D02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1163 November 2, 2015 
Department of Homeland Security Insider 
Threat and Mitigation Act of 2015: H.R. 3361, 
amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program; 
                                                                                    Pages H7351–53 
Department of Homeland Security Clearance 
Management and Administration Act: H.R. 3505, 
to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to im-prove the management and administration of the se-curity clearance processes throughout the Depart-ment of Homeland Security;
                        Pages H7353–55 
Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015: H.R. 
3598, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partnership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers;
                         Pages H7355–57 
Department of Homeland Security Support to 
Fusion Centers Act of 2015: H.R. 3503, amended, 
to require an assessment of fusion center personnel needs;
                                                                       Pages H7357–60 
Expressing concern over anti-Israel and anti-Se-
mitic incitement within the Palestinian Author-ity: H. Res. 293, amended, expressing concern over 
anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incitement within the Palestinian Authority;
                                     Pages H7360–63 
Directing the President to develop a strategy to 
obtain observer status for Taiwan in the Inter-national Criminal Police Organization: H.R. 
1853, to direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the Inter-national Criminal Police Organization, by a 2/3 yea- and-nay vote of 392 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 582; and
                               Pages H7363–67, H7372 
Global Anti-Poaching Act: H.R. 2494, amended, 
to support global anti-poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, and designate major wildlife trafficking countries.
                                                               Pages H7367–72 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:08 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H7372 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representa-
tives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe: H. Res. 354, amended, ex-
pressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish commu-nities in Europe.
                                                Pages H7372–78 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he terminated the designation of Burundi as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under the African Growth and Opportunity Act pro-gram—referred to the Committee on Ways and 
Means and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–72). 
                                                                                            Page H7351 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H7349, H7350. 
Senate Referral: S. 1731 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs.
                                 Page H7384 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H7372. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:29 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SENATE AMENDMENTS TO THE HIRE MORE 
HEROES ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
Senate amendments to H.R. 22, the ‘‘Hire More He-roes Act of 2015’’ [DRIVE Act] [General debate]. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amend-ments to H.R. 22. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the Senate amendment. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Com-mittee report shall be considered as adopted. In sec-tion 2, the rule provides that an amendment con-
sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32 shall be in order, shall be considered as pending, shall be considered as read, shall not be debatable, shall not be subject to amendment except for the amendments printed in part B of the Rules Com-mittee report, and shall not be subject for a demand for the division of the question. The rule makes in order only the further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–32 and the amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. In section 3, the rule provides that at the conclusion of consider-ation of the amendments printed in the Rules Com-mittee report, no further consideration of the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02NO5.REC D02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1164 November 2, 2015 
shall occur except pursuant to a subsequent order of 
the House. In section 4, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from Novem-ber 6, 2015, through November 13, 2015: the Jour-nal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 5, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period ad-dressed by section 4. Finally, in section 6, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of November 5, 2015 for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules relating to a measure authorizing appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of De-fense. Testimony was heard from Chairman Shuster and Representative DeFazio. 
TESTIMONY OF SUBPOENAED WITNESSES 
ON THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ALLEGED MISUSE OF RELOCATION PROGRAM AND INCENTIVES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Testimony of Subpoenaed Wit-nesses on the Department of Veterans Affairs Al-leged Misuse of Relocation Program and Incentives’’. Testimony was heard from Danny Pummill, Prin-cipal Deputy Under Secretary for Benefits, Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 3, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the future of warfare, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi-
ness meeting to consider the nomination of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Sec-retary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Department of the Treasury, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Uganda, Lisa J. Peter-son, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Swaziland, and H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozam-bique, all of the Department of State, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Co-
operation, to hold hearings to examine Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the propaganda in Europe, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Privacy, Tech-
nology and the Law, to hold hearings to examine data brokers, focusing on whether consumers’ information is secure, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services , Subcommittee on Seapower 
and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Aircraft Carrier—Presence and Surge Limitations. Expanding Power Projection Options’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled 
‘‘Future Options for the U.S. Nuclear Deterrent—Views from Project Atom’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade; and Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the EU Safe Harbor Decision and Im-pacts for Transatlantic Data Flows’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining 
Legislation to Improve Medicare and Medicaid’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power, markup on H.J. 
Res. 71, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emis-sions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’; H.J. Res. 72, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’, 1 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 2017, the 
‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2446, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require the use of electronic visit verification for personal care services furnished under the Medicaid program; H.R. 2646, the ‘‘Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act’’; H.R. 3014, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act’’; H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3716, the ‘‘Ensuring Termi-nated Providers Are Removed from Medicaid and CHIP Act’’; and H.R. 3821, the ‘‘Medicaid Directory of Care-givers Act’’, 3 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 1309, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improve-ment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1478, the ‘‘Policyholder Protec-tion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1550, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1660, the ‘‘Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2209, to require the appropriate Fed-eral banking agencies to treat certain municipal obliga-tions as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02NO5.REC D02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1165 November 2, 2015 
H.R. 3340, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council 
Reform Act’’; H.R. 3557, the ‘‘FSOC Transparency and Accountability Act’’; H.R. 3738, the ‘‘Office of Financial Research Accountability Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Credit Availability Act’’; H.R. 3857, to require the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Financial Stability Oversight Council to carry out certain requirements under the Financial Stability Act of 2010 before making any new determination under section 113 of such Act, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Defending Against Bioterrorism: How Vulner-able is America?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory 
Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 3438, the ‘‘Require Evaluation before Implementing Ex-ecutive Wishlists Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2631, the ‘‘Regulatory Predictability for Business Growth Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the 
Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘International Data Flows: Pro-moting Digital Trade in the 21st Century’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘TSA: Security Gaps’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Sub-
committee on Information Technology, joint hearing en-titled ‘‘Preparing for the 2020 Census: Will the Tech-nology Be Ready?’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on Senate 
amendments to H.R. 22, the ‘‘Hire More Heroes Act of 2015’’ [DRIVE Act] [Amendment consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Renewable Fuel Standard: A Ten Year Review of Costs and Benefits’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining VA’s Information Technology Systems that Provide Economic Opportunities for Veterans’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on 
Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Better Coordinating Welfare Programs to Serve Families in Need’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing on the status of the 
Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO–OP) Pro-gram, established under the President’s health care law, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02NO5.REC D02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1166 November 2, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, November 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1140, Federal Water Quality Protection Act. At 2:30 p.m., Sen-ate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, November 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the Senate 
amendments to H.R. 22—DRIVE Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Ashford, Brad, Nebr., E1567 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1568 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1567 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1573 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1572 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E1572 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1570, E1571 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1573 
Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1569 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1568 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1568 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1567 Keating, William R., Mass., E1572 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1570 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1571 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1569 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E1570 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E1569, E1570, E1572, E1572, E1573 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1567 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1573 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1569, E1571 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1572 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1567, E1568 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Nov 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02NO5.REC D02NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST